THE

Parliamentary Register;

OR,

HISTORY

OF THE

PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS}

CONTAINING AN ACCOUNT Of

The most interesting Speeches and Motions; accurate Copies of the most remarkable Letters and Papers - t of the most material Evidence, Petitions, &c. laid before and offered to the House,

D UI1 NO Tit

Second Session of the Fifteenth Parliament

OF

GREAT BRITAIN.

VOL. V.

LONDON:

Printed for J. DEBRETT, ( Successor to Mr. Almon ) oppoGte Burlington - IIovse, Piccadilly. MDCCLXXXiL

THE

HISTORY

of the

PROCEEDINGS and DEBATES

Of the SECOND SESSION of the

HOUSE of COMMONS,

Of fHl

Fifteenth Parliament of Great - Britain.

ON the 27th of November 1781, the King opened the fession with a speech, which the reader will find in the Debates of the House of Lords of this ieffioD As soon as the Commons were returned to their own House, the Speaker flood up and said, that he had obtained a copy of the King’s speech, which he read : after which the honourable Mr. Mr. Per ft cival rose to move the address. He began with apologifing for his undertaking to move the address, when the talk was equal to the abilities of the oldest member. He had, however, the consolation, that, however defective he might be in point of eloquence, whatever he might utter on the subject would be sincere, and come from the heart, and he had besides the satisfaction of believing that there could not be a member in the whole House but would readily join with him in the motion he was about to make.

The honourable gentleman said, that in a situation so truly alarming as the present, he felt exceedingly the difficulty of his talk in proposing to the House a suitable address; but he declared, that it was his sincere and hearty conviction that - no other than the firm resolution of parliament to support the Crown, in the gracious intention which had been declared from the throne, to prosecute the Vol. V. B war

2

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

war in which wc were engaged, could extricate us from our perilous and awful situation. It was indeed true, that the events of the present tampaign had been very unfortunate, and hat the calamity itl America was a circumdance Which demanded the mod serious regret and confederation; but notwithstanding these difarters and this gloom, he yet hoped to fee his native country happy, secure, and glorious; and he had the mod languine expectations of seeing peace redo - red between this country and America on terms the mod friendly and advantageous i& both. ’ What his Majesty had mentioned in his most gracious speech was very true, that the war had been excited by the restless ambition of our enemies, and was maintained by that spirit; but if it should be true, that there had been found men in thar House so lod to durv, to honour, and to ' shame, as to express their warm vvdhes for the luccefs of the enemies of this country, to glory in their conqueds, and to boad of the countenance that they gave to their rebellion, he believed that there would belittU hesitation in declaring that a great part of our prclent calamity - was to be attributed to this caut ’ e; especially when they knew, that men of eminence, men distinguished by their abilities and connexions, had done this, and incited America to refidance, by the friendship which they profelfeJ, and by insinuating and proclaiming, that the people were favourable to their cause. The public were not to despair. Too much, he observed, had been thrown out that had a direct tendency thereto and foreigners in particular were apt to be f led away with it as the real and genuine fefclings of the kingdom at large. Mr. Perfcival expatiated pretty largely on

• this topic, arid httped nothing like alarm to the people would

be given in the churleof the debate; the eyes of all Europe, at lead of every power concerned in the present war, he said. Were fixed ©U the legill. iture of Great - Britain, not only on

• the Parliament but on each individual member, and on the general spirit of fmntfefs conclusions of the mod important

- kind would very naturally be drawn. It therefore became incumbent on the House to avoid every thing that might possibly be condrUed into an appearance of despondency. Were the calamities of this country so great as some had represented, and her resources so much exhauded as her ene -

mies were led to think them, no one would feel himself more uneasy than he should; but he believed the case to be far otherwise. He was far from thinking this country undone, though in danger. It was true, that she was plunged in a

• war,

3

A. 1781. DEBATES.

war, which naturally brought upon her an immense load of debt. War was inseparable from expence, and the House would please to recollect that the present one mull in its nature be particularly lb, wc not only being engaged in a war with America, but also with France, and Spain, and the States of Holland.. The honourable gentleman admitted that things had not turned out so favourably as the justneis of our cause had deserved, but was of opinion, that nothing more was required than unanimity amongst ourselves to defeat our combined enemies, and restore Great - Britain to its wonted lustre and renown. Under this idea, he exhorted, in strong and forcible terms, die total extinction of party.

He intreated the House to drop every little personal consideration, and join in the prosecution of the war with that unanimity which alone could give it efficacy, and which would bid fair to terminate it to the honour and interest of Great - Britain. The people of England, he said, were not to be dispirited and funk on account of a disagreeable event or two, and he thought the House were bound to approach the throne with expressions of the strongest gratitude for the declaration h s Majesty had been pleased to make, that neither his own desire for peace, nor any temporary inconvenience of his subjects, should induce him to give up ellcntiai rights and permanent interests, oa which the prosperity and felicity of the British empire would ever principally depend.

He concluded with moving, that an humble address, &c. *

Mr. Thomas Orde role to second the motion. He began with apologifing for his intrusion on the House, and lamen - Mr. Thomas ting that lb difficult a talk should be assigned to him. He 0r ' said, that he had not a doubt, whatever were the little de - batesand divisions of the House, that they were all actuated by the fame spirit of pure pitriotism and of disinterested regard for the public good, and that they were all anxious for the restoration of that grandeur, security, and happiness, in which we lived before the present disturbances. If this was the general desire, he would take upon him to say, that it could only be gratified and fulfilled by magnanimity and unanimity. The cordial efforts of all his Majesty s subjects would be irresistible. They had hitherto astonished the world, nay now they raised its admiration in shewing them that we were able to meet so many powerful foes without the affillance of a single friend. The address which had been proposed by liis honourable friend, entirely and fully met his ideas. apd approbation. They must not be depressed by dif -

ii 2 after

The fame as in the House f Lords.

PARLIAMENTARY A, 17 1

after; calamity called for fortitude and exertion, and the dignity of the British senate now required that they should seriously and firmly resolve on the best means of supporting the empire against the machinations and the efforts of our enemies. He declared that he approved of the designs o f ministers with respect to America; if they were formed to re - establish the commercial, rights or advantages of Great - Britain on terms not unbcneticial to America, and if their object had been to recover our dominion, to cement anev the bond of union, to refeue America fnom foreign and do - medic tyranny, and to fix a justly qualified dependence an the mother country t And it was also friendly, paternal to America herself, to endeavour to restore her to the secure happinefsof a connpftion with thi$ country, in preference to the insidious friendship of that power, which had interfered in order to foipent the quarrel, and separate her from this country. The Colonies were sacrificing their true interests to mad ambition and impolitic revenge. They had impro - videntially yielded up to France the possession of their harbours, and he would venture to say, they now prematurely Tejoiced in the introduction and fucccfs of her armies. For what was herein the obje£f of Franee ? Not alone to devise the destruction of this country, but to prolong the horrors of civil war in that; not to terminate it even in favour of her new allies till they should discover too late that they had borrowed assistance of a pernicious usurer, to whom, having been obliged to grant mortgage after mortgage, they should find themselves at last ft ripped of the whole estate which they had refused to hold under the advantageous guardianship of those who, after having driven the cncroacher f. om their borders, gave them the security to make it valuable. Would we tamely suffer America to become the ally of France perhaps, and most likely to become the subject or the slave ? As to the consequences of the war, he would not deny but that they were heavily experienced by the people. But it was impossible for it to be otherwise. All wars were expensive, and particularly the present one, when we were engaged against America, and France, and Spain, and Holland. He would also admit that affairs had not fallen out so well as might have been expected. In his recital of the chief circum - ftauces of our situation, he had purposely chosen to treat the l ' ubjeft as rather serious than pleasing, because he should think he offended against the spirit and dignity of the House, and against the candour and impartiality on which he would

A. 1781. DEBATES.

wish to estabjifh the strength of his arguments, if he failed to represent the moil unfavourable idea he could conceive of our public affairs, and did not seek thereupon to consider what effect they should have on our public condufl; and if in this view of them, there was no reason to think them def - perate, or to abate our courage and resolution, whatever more agreeable might be fairly added, should tend to give us the hrft encouragement of hope. He recited the flory of our troubles, not to depress or fink the spirit of his countrymen, but to rouse and invigorate it; not to bid them despair of their country, but to convince them that their own magnanimity, their virtue, and their union, were alone necessary toproteft and upraife it.

The honourable gentleman would not enter into the cause and progress of the American war, the narrative of which had ro often been heard, perhaps impatiently, in that House. But thus far he would venture to say, that he had sufficient jollification from many gentlemen in opposition to declare, that the quarrel was at first a favourite in the nation; the cause and objects of it approved and encouraged; and that it was not merely the project ' of Administration; that he did not know whatfnonld induce us to believe, that though the views of government might naturally be favourable and perhaps partial to Great - Britain, they were ever bent on in - justice or rigour to America. He could not conceive any foundation for the charge of unrelenting perfection, or that such a spirit was not to be mitigated till after the mofl of - preffive and ungenerous triumph over unconditional submifson. That he - was not in the secrets of government, nor meant to pay any unmanly compliments to the measures of administration; but that hefincerely thought them in regard to America less inimical in design and execution than she had been to herself; and if therefore the motives of the war were not founded in any unworthy species or degree of avarice or ambition, but arose only, as he hoped, from a desire of re - union on terms of mutual advantage, there could not surely, whatever ynforefeen and unfortunate circumstances had enlarged the sphere and increased the calamities of it, be made a retrofpefl of complaint, though there might be of sorrow, for the prosecution of it. It was not his purpose to examine the probable causes of our not having succeeded by persuasion or force to put an end to this mofl unfor - ttraite war. He was not a competent judge of the means fifed, or the manner of employing them. More material

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

considerations now required their immediate and earnefF attention, for the purpose of directing their future conduct - The people were not, he hoped, to be call down by z temporary distress; that he hoped however deeply we might feel affected by the misfortune to our country, in the loss which had befallen its forces in Virginia, we mould not be insensible of a grateful companion to them and to their very deserving, though moll unfortunate, commander. He hoped, that when he should return to his country, we should receive him with our praises; that we should thank him, and with 1 more justice than the Romans did their unluccefsful commander; because we had to remember the prelude of his ! victories, and that the first llory of his achievements was j not the surrender of a gallant army. I

The honourable gentlemen attributed the ill fuccels of ! out arms in America to the perfidy and aqabition of the French, and defended administration in not having any ally, j That we had not, he said, was not the fault of Government,

If those powers, whose interest it was to be with us, or whom gratitude ought to have bound to u$, had been led to act otherwise than they ought to have done, who was to be charged with any crime on that account ? The ministry could not help it. He said, that if the lure accomplishment of the great wish and desire of them all depended on the i Tefult of their debates, he had no doubt but the general voice j would be for peace. That more perfe£l attainment and security of that blessing had been the obje£l of the war, and J had made them pray for victory. It mull be the wish of the king, who would find his own joy in the restoration of case and happiness to his people : it mull be the wish of the minillers, because while knowing it to be the desire of their mailer they would therein find relief from the anxieties and perils which now surround them : the great body of the j nation mull delire it, because they feel the accumulation j of those expences which arise from the war, how fenlible, soever they rtiay be of the neccility for continuing it, j This fad necessity however seems Hill to exist, as the malice and ambition of our enemies appear yet to be implacable.

He said, that he could not believe that though the afhllance j or effectual mediation of some friendly power was delayed, it was decisively refused to us. It was now however necess fary to regard ourselves as unsupported by foreign alliance; and we were of course to make greater exertions of our own united rci ' ouTces. All that remained for us to do in such a

A. 1781. DEBATES.

iituation, was to put forth every means in our power < 0 1‘ubdue the common enemy, and look to the internal defence of the kingdom; and this he believed had been done. The militia of this country, he said, were composed of such a body of men, and commanded by such officers, as made our dependence upon them altogether prudent and secure, while it left government at liberty to employ her troops on a more distant service. The honourable gentleman again strongly pTcfled the House to become unanimous in their resolutions; and was of opinion, that nothing could tend to restore the greatness of this country but a successful prosecution of the war, which might lead to such a peace as would accord with the honour and dignity of Great - Britain. He was therefore for offering his Majesty every assistance in their power : and that since they must appear in lamentation for the troubles and distreffes of their country, they should recolleffc and take example by that mourning which they read of in the history of these kingdoms, and appear before their sovereign in suits of armour. As he had said before, the picture of the country was more serious than pleasing, but it was by no means desperate : it was a moment for enter - prize, and not for despondency. We must agree to prosecute effectual and vigorous measures, and do it without any little division about the manner of our exertions. The add refs moved for did hot point out any particular place a9 the theatre of war; it did not bind the House to the prosecution of it in any particular shape; they therefore would not now helitate in carrying up to the throne their unanimous offer of support, from any difference of opinion with respect to the particular measures to be observed in ptofe - cuting the future operations of government. It would be time to disagree about specific measures when specific meA - furcs catne to be proposed. In one thing, as he had said, they must be all agreed, and it became them to be ferioully so, in the desire of thatching the empire from the midst of hertnemtes and restoring her by our vigour to the eminence which she was accustomed to hold among nations. The ad - drefc moved for, was calculated to promote this end; and therefore he was happy to second the honourable mover.

Mr. Fox9 in a speech of considerable length, entered with Fox his usual ability and fucccfs into the merits of the important nacllion, of continuing or abandoning the American war.

He said, that he role to move the amendment to the address for the fame rvafon that the honourable gentlemen had risen. to

PARLIAMENTARY 1781,

to propose and second it The talk bad been assigned to them because they were young men, and young members of that House. There was a favour about youth which recommended its actions; but there was more than the favour of youth requisite to give grace to the motion for an addrels to the throne on the present occasion; it required the benefit of inexperience, the recommendation of ignorance 5 for what man, who had observed the conduff of ministers for the last two Parliaments, who had been members of that House, and had had opportunity of knowing the measures of government could have been brought oy any means to disgrace himself by the motion £ The most servile or the most j profligate adherent of ministry, however he might have j gained a feat in that House, or however submissive he might have been rendered by pension dr place, ( and that there werd such members was but too true ) could have been brought to move for this address, if he had been for any time a member } It was therefore with prudence assigned to the present ’ gentlemen, because they were fortunately unacquainted with what had been seen and executed in that House. He was j tcady to do justice to the difeernment of miniiters in this respsft : but for the same reason that they had moved and j lccopded the address, he now rose to propose the amendment. Though he was a young man, he could not be called a young member of the House. He had been present and seen the whole system of his Majesty’s miniiters; had heard their progressive inadness, impolicy, or treachery; and he was now confounded at their presuming to look the Commons ’ House of Parliament in the face, much more to lit and hear such an address to the throne moved for at such a time. That they should dare to bring down such a speech after what they had done, was to him a subject of astonish - ment, nay a subject of horror. It shewed that they were j diverted of all modesty as well as principle, and that they j had the dreadful resolution of going on to the last act of the tragedy, and completing the ruin which they had so fuc - cefsfully begun.

There never was any moment when it was so necessary for him to take notice that the speech from the throne was not to be considered as the speech of the King, but of his Miniften. The present was the moll extraordinary that he bad ever known. —He mud pause a while on the audacity of Ministers, ( for he could give it no gentler term ) in putting ludi language into the meuth of the sovereign. If men were

unacquainted

A. 1781. DEBATES.

unacquainted with the nature of our constitution, and knew that the speech was contrived by a cabinet - council, what would they pronounce the present speech from the throne to be ? —what ! but that it was the speech of some arbitrary, despotic, hard - hearted, and unfeeling monarch, who, having involved the ilaves, his. subjects, in a ruinous and unnatural war, to glut his enmity or to satiate his‘ revenge, was determined to perfcvcrc in lpite of calamity, and even of fate. — That it was the speech of a monarch incapable of feeling his own tnisforttfnes, or of sympathizing with the sorrows of his people, when the high prerogative of his despotic will was disputed; for despotic monarchs were the most tenacious of their rights, as they called them, and allowed nothing to the feelings or to the comforts of their fellow creatures. The speech spoke out a bold and sanguine language, and he was glad of it. It was better that the people should know what they were toexpeff, and what to suffer, than that an insidious air of lenient intentions should cover and conceal the fame dreadful plan. But he call, d upon every honest man in the House to say if it was not his firm dependence and trust to have heard a very different speech on that day. He would refer it to the candid feelings of every man in the House. He had not been many days in town, but he had been long enough to hear and collect the opinions of men, and he declared that it was the general sentiment, that we should have heard his Majesty on that day, declare from his throne, " that he had been deceived and imposed upon by misinformation and mifrepre - lentation; that, in consequence of his delusion, the Parliament had been deluded, but that now the deception was at an end. He saw that he had been in an error, and that he and his people had suffered enough from the consequences of it. That therefore, he requested of his Parliament to de - vise the most speedy and direct means of putting an end to the calamities, and restoring peace, security, and happiness to his dominions/ He laid, that this was the general opinion; butinfteadof this, they had heard a speech, breathing vengeance, blood, misery, and rancour. It spoke exn&ly this language; " Much has been loft, much blood, much treasure, has been squandered; the burthens of my people are almost in olerable; but my passions are yet ungratiiied, my object of subjugation and of revenge is yet unfulfilled, and therefore I am determined to persevere. ’ This was the language; and for this language the Minister was answerable. The men who had brought us to our present situation, and Yo is. V. C reduced

#® PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

reduced us fVom the splendor, and the drength, and thehap -

piness which wc enioyed, to the disgrace, the weaknels, and the danger into which we flood at present, yet dared to come forward, and tell the representatives of the people of England, that they were not yet satisfied; that they had not yet done enough; that they determined to perseverein the American war, and to spend more of the treasure, and lavish more of the blood of these very people, although there was a general clamour against it, and out of that House the loudefl disapprobation was expressed, and the mod direct Condemnation of the system.

There was one thin which he mud take notice of : the honourable gentleman who had made the motion had been unadvised. He had lavished part of that oratory in an attack which was all necessary to defence. He advised him to Jiufband his abilities, and reserve them all for the defence of the ministry below him, rather than wade them in attacking the opposition. He had charged them with expressing joy at the triumphs of America, It would have been becoming in him to have had one quality of youth, candour, on the occassion, and to have dated fairly what he chose to repre - ient. It was true he had said in a former fcfdon, that it was his sincere opinion that if the ministry had succeeded in their iird feheme on the liberties of America, the liberties of this country would have been at an end; and thinking this { as he did ) in the sincerity of an honed heart, he was pleased with the redftance which they had met to their attempt. If the honourable genltcman had thought the fame thing, if he had joined him in the opinion that minidry, if they had succeeded in their fird attack upon America, would afterwards have succeeded in a attack upon Brtain; he no doubt would have wished success to American rcfidance, at lead if he had been an honed man, he would This was his opinion, it had always been so j he might be wrong, but he from his heart believed it; and he called upon the honourable gentleman, when he next mentioned the assertion, to take notice also, as in candour he ought, of the opinion that accompanied it. The great and glorious datefman, whose memory every gentleman would revere ( the Earl of Chatham ) entertained this opinion in the very commencement of the dispute 1 and feeling for the liberties of his native country, thanked God that America had redded the claims of this Country, But C ( all the calamities were to be aferibed to wifticsj ac4 the joy, and the > speeckes of opposition.

A. iyZu DEBATES,

Oh miserable and unfortunate ministry ! Oh blind and iri « Capable men ! whose meafiires are fra r ed with so little ford - fight, and executed with lb little firmness, that they not only crumble to pieces, but brin on the ruin of their country, merely because one rash, weak, or wicked man in the House of Commons makes a speech against them I Oh, what miserable statesmen mull these be, who frame their measures in so weak and wretched a manner as to make no provifkm for the contingencies of fortune, n > r for the rash passions; and say, if it pleases the House, the wicked passions of men ! Could they expe£l that there woukl be no ralh, no weak, no wicked men in this kingdom; or were they so rash, so weak, and so wicked, aS to contrive rticafqres of such a texture that the intervention of any unforeseen circum - stance broke them to pieces, and with their failure destroyed the empire of which they had the government ! It was said against administration, that they had no responsibiliry. People desired to know who was the minister, and who waa answerable for the iniquitous measures of government ? The ministry felt the difficulty of the question, and helitated a long time in the answer; but at last, having found out an expedient, they exclaimed in triumph, u Oh, yes, responsibility ! to be lure there must be responlihlity ! ( here are persons accountable to the people for the mcalurcs of government V Who are they ? "The persons, " reply the ministry, " are re - fponfible, who have always opposed our measures. " This \v£s the strangeand the ridiculous manner in which they argued, and in which they endeavoured to fhufHe themselves out of Ttfponfibility which they knew to be so dangerous If thdy had succeeded, they would have taken all the credit and arl the praise to themselves; but because they have failed, their throw the blame upon those men who endeavoured to prevent the calamities by flopping the causes; they threw it upoA the men who saw them in their career to a dreadful pTeci pice, determined to throw themselves from the immeafurablfe height, careless of the death that must ensue from dafhingoft, the rocks and plunging into the sea below, and who endea voored in vain to flop them in this mad intent. They. feixeA us upon the brink, say ministry, and by their efforts to stop ns prevented us from taking the glorious leap which we had intended : if they had suffered us to dash into the abyss without molcftation, then we should have been happy. —4 When this fort of language was held, he had always treated it with silent ridicule ;, and if he had now given it any

C 2. ierious

12

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

. serious reception, he begged the House to pardon him; it was unintentionally if he had, for it merited nothing but ridicule and contempt.

The honourable gentleman who had seconded the motion said, that " the House had impatiently heard narratives of the American war, and of the measures that had led tot it, and he trusted that there would be no more retrospective censure in the present moment. " Impatiently ! Had the House heard them impatiently ! Mi -; nifters mud bear to hear them again, and on that day they, must hear them 5 that was the day when the representatives, of the people must re - call to the ears of his Majesty’s ministers the disgraceful and ruinous measures that had brought us to this date. They must hear of them not only here, but he truded, that by the aroused indignation and vengeance of an injured and undone people, they must hear of them at the tribunal of justice, and expiate them on the public fcafFold. He saw an honourable gentleman smile at the word fcafFold, [ the Lord Advocate of Scotland ]. What did not the learned gentleman think that it was yet time for punishment ? Had they not in his imagination done enough, or had they more calamities to inflict, more negligence to exemplify, or rather more treachery to complete ? What < was the learned gentleman’s opinion ? When did he think the fit moment would arrive, when differing would be supineness, and retribution be just ! It was his opinion that the day was now approaching, it was at hand, when the public would no longer submit nor the ministry escape. Their conduct was unprecedented in aoy age or in any his - tpry; it beggared the records of nations : for in all the annals of kingdoms ruined by weakness, or ruined by treachery, there was not an instance so glaring as the present, of a country ruined by a set of men, without the confidence, the love, or the opinion of the people, and who yet remained secure amidst the storms of public disaster. The honourable gentleman, who had seconded the motion, had called for unanimity. He demanded to know if they meant to insult that fide of the House when they asked for unanimity, and designed to continue the American war. They had opposed it from its commencement; they had opposed it in all its progress; they had warned, supplicated, and threatened; they had predicted every event, and in no one instance ' had they failed in predicting the fatal consequence9

that had ensued from their obstinaev or from their treason.

> *. T *

DEBATES.

3

ft. 1781.

| f in a moment like the present, a moment of impending toiii, men who loved their country could have any comfort, be confefied he must feel it as a comfort and eonfolation, that when the history of this dreadful period should come to be written by a candid and impartial man, he mull proclaim to posterity, that the friends with whom he had the honour to act were not. to be charged with the calamities Drfyftcnu In justice to them he must declare, that they did all that men could do to avert the evils, to direct them to a more safe and honourable track, but they failed in their anxious endeavours to save their country. Thus much at kaft the historian would say, and they would be exempted from ( haring the condemnation, though they must suffer the calamity in common with the rest of their unhappy fellow - subjects.

The honourable gentleman had told us, that we must not dcspond; and at the same time he had given us a picture of our iituation, which he confessed to be more serious than pleating. He talked hope to the ear, put he had spoken def ' pondency to the heart. This was his serious picture, and a most serious one it was. You are now suffering these things from measures the most wife, the most prudent, the most necessary, executed with firmness and with fore - fight, and in a cause the most just and upright. Was it so ! then how much farther distant from despondency was the picture which he would give than this serious, but not defending, picture of the honourable gentleman. I cannot, fays the honourable gentleman, express my sentiments of the fixation of this country better than by applying to it the ad - dress of the celebrated orator, Demofthcnes, to the Athenians. 141 should ( fays he ) dejeft and despair, I should consider your iituation as dcfolate and irreparable, if I did not re - heft that you have been brought to this state by Vreak and improvident measures, and by weak and treacherous men. If your affairs had been managed wifely, if your operations had been firm and steady, and after all you had been reduced to this fixation, t should have indeed despaircd of deliverance; but as you have been reduced by weak and by bad men, I trust you may be recovered by wife and by upright governors. Change your fyitem and you may yet flou - rish; persevere, and you must be ruined. " This was exactly his opinion of the present Iituation of this country : It their cause had been just and virtuous, if their measures bad been wife and vigorous, if their ministers had been

capable

£4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

capable and zealous, and after all We had been brought t, ©ur present situation, he should have despaired of delive. ranee j but as it was there were yet hopes, by substitntin < a just and a virtuous system in lieu of the present oppreflir and di ( graceful one, by substituting wife and Vigorous mca fares in room of the present ridiculous and impotent fckemej by substituting activity and teal in the place of indoleno and treachery, and by changing in ( bort the whole plan ant conduit of government. It was not his motive for this act via that he wifiled to fucCced to those places of trust; be fin - cerely wished their present poflelTor good of them; the\ had rendered the offices of trust and power raoft unenviable to men Who loved their honour and whose only objelfc ia accepting them would be to promote the splendour, the security, and the happiness of this country. Let them ill the name of Heaven, enjoy the emoluments for which they have Iavished so much $ and if our ruin must be accom - ‘piished, let it be completed by the fame baneful hands.

The honourable gentleman exhibited two piltures of this country; the one representing her at the end of the last glorious war, the other at the present moment. At the end of the last war this country was raised to a most dazzling, heighth of splendour and respect. The French marine was in a manner annihilated, the Spanish rendered contemptible; the French were driven from America; new iourccs of commerce were opened, the old enlarged; our influence extended to a predominance in Europe, our empire of the ocean estabfiflied and acknowledged, and our trade filling the ports and harbours of the wondering and admiring world. Now mark the degradation and the chaoge. We have now loft thirteen provinces of America, we have loft several of our islands, and the rest are in danger; We have loft the empire of the fca, we have loft our respect abroad and our unanimity at home; the nations have forsaken us, they fee us distrafted and ob - flinate, and they leave us to our fate. Country ! " This was your husband; this is your husband. " This was your situation, when you were governed by whig ministers and by whig measures, when you were warmed and i - nftigated by a just and a laudable cause, when you were united and impelled by the confidence which you had in your ministers, and when they again were strengthened and emboldened by your ardour and enthusiasm. This is your situation, when you are under the conduct of for ? min fters and a tory system, when you are disunited, dafheartened,

It ij8i. DEBATES.

ind have neither confidence in your ministers nor union ireong yoqrselves. When your cause is unjust and your oftdu&ors are either impotent or treacherous. He said, that ie should not go into a minute detail of all the transactions of ninifters in this accursed war, but only trace them through he leading features, which would shew the plan and system hat they pursued. They commenced war against Amend after that country had offered the fairest proportions, 1 and extended her arms to receive us into the closest and nearest connection. They did this contrary to their own f ' rntiments of what was right, but they were over - ruled by that high and ( beret authority which they durst not disobey, and from which they derived their situations; they were ordered to go on with the American war or quit their places. They preferred emolument to duty, ind kept their oftenlible power at the expence of their country. To delude the Parliament and the people, they then described the contest to be a mere fqvtabble. It wa not America with whom we had to contend; it was only Hancock and his crew : A handful of men would march triumphant from one end of the continent; o the other. This was the language founded in that House, and for this language a learned member of it was exalted to the dignity of a peer, and enrolled among the hereditary council of the realm, ( he meant Lord Loughbo - roagh ). He was thus rewarded for no other merit that he could ever discover but that of vehemently abusing our fellow subject in America, and calling their opposition the war of Hancock and his crew.

Having by misrepresentation deluded the Parliament into the contest, they endeavoured to continue the delulion by promising the country gentlemen a revenue from America. This, like all the rest of their fi£iion6, was what they did not themselves believe, but it was necessary to the occasion. They ( aw the French railing an armament in their ports; great preparations were evidently making, which demanded the notice and the inquiry of the British Ministry long be - fore they openly profeffed this resolution to support the independence of America. What did our Ministry do ? they fuflfered these armaments to go on, they came down day after day, and profeffed that France was friendly in her dispofi - tions; nay, after they knew that the proportions were hostile against Britain; that they were intended to relict us in our attempts upon America; when it was no longer in the power of ministry to conceal the irkfomp truth, and when they ' were

L

I

PARLIAMENTARY a. 178/

were galled with what tow told them of it in that Houset they adjourned it for a considerable time, just previous to the conclusion of the treaty between France and America. Why did they do all this ? because if they had not they muil have been forced to go to war with France at a much earlier period than they did, which they could not have done without giving up the American war 5 the object of their ambition, because the parent of their fortune, and the tenor on which they held their power. They had wilfully and positively plunged this country into a war with France, with Spain, and with Holland, by a treacherous acquiescence with the designs of Franee for the mere love and attachment that they had to the American war. If they had crushed the preparations of France in their infancy; if they had called her to a peremptory account before their naval equipments were matured; would any man breathing say, or suspect that the French would have dared to act as they did, or presume to go to war with the whole strength of this country, undivided, unweakened, by the prosecution of a road war against her Colonies }Surely not. But they pursued

another policy. He would not say that he believed they were paid by Franee; it was not possible for him to prove the fa&; but he would venture to say, that they deserved to be paid by the grand monarque, for they had served him more faithfully, and more successfully than ever ministers served a master. If the French king heaped treasures upon their heads; if he exhausted his Exchequer to enrich them; if he even drained his relources for their fake, he purchased the aggrandizement of his kingdom at an easy rate; for they had done more for its permanent advantage, more towards the accomplishment of the grand object of French ambition, that of universal monarchy, than all the preceding admini - strations that ever France had employed, nay more thpn all the little atchievcments of Louis le Grand. He, in his aim to acquire universal monarchy, grasped only at the conquest or the purchase of a few barrier towns, and by pursuing this impolitic means, had exasperated and routed Europe against him. But the present system of France had been more deeply and more l ' agaciously laid. If there should be a deliberation between tue king of France and his subjects on the best means of extending and establishing the projected universal monarchy; what would be the tenor of their conversation ? Wemuft, the king would say, weaken and destroy our grand and most formidable rival, Great - Britain. T o be Cure, reply the subjects; but this cannot be done without diqiinishing

A. 1781. DEBATES. if

and exhausting ourselves. Yes, fays the king; we shall not strike a blow; we will make them cut and mangle one another; we will employ our ministers; those ministers who are paid by Great Britain for doing our business, to go to war with their matter ' s subjects and destroy theml ' elves. This accordingly is done. The prime minitter of France, whom, fays the honourable gentleman, I now fee fitting overagnintt me, goes to war with America for the maintenance of rights of trifles that were never disputed, and rcunains deaf and blind to the calamities and the intreaties of the people. Oh ! but, say the subjects of France, Britain will triumph if we do not interfere. Then, fays the monarch, we shall interfere; after deluding these men "with empty unmeaning professions, which no creatures but theml ' elves would believe 5 we will come in at the critical moment to give the finishing stroke to American independence. All this will be great, will be matterly; the subjects would reply : Britain will be weakened; but by this we shall only have an equal fharc in the circulating Commerce of America : Nay, we shall do more fays the king, we shall conciliate the affections of America $ we will conclude a treaty with America, and by being in - strumental to her independence, incline her by obligations to a preference in favour of France. " All this may be supposed to have occuried between the king of France and his subjects, and still farther it might have been said, that in order to complete the design of establishing an universal monarchy they mutt destroy th pother rival powers of Europe; the naval powers were the most to be dreaded, and, after Britain of these naval powers the Dutch were the first to be overthrown. How could they do that without weakening themselves ? Why, replies the king of France, how but by in - ftigating our faithful servants, the ministers of Great - Britain, to go to war with their nearest, dear eft, and befl friends the Dutch. True, their interests are inseparable; they are like the right hand and the left of one immense and terrible body; by a brotherly combination of strength and action they are irresistible, and the House of Bourbon must fall before them; but divide them, nay, not only separate, but set them to tear one another, and they will crumble before us. Tod6 this w ’ ould be impracticable with any other set of men; but nothing is impossible for those ministers in the lcale of ab - furdity or madnels to attempt. Thi > would no doubt be - said, and what must he the astonishment, what the feelings, what the transport of Frenchmen, when they perceived Bri - Vol. V. D tain

PARLIAMENTARY A, t 78f,

tain go to war, with the Dutch without a cause, for he declared he never yet could discover a cause for which we went tp war with that power, forgetting all the interests, all the policy, and all the connexion by which we had ever been, and ought always to be guided with respect to her. What mull have been the exultation of Frenchmen, when they saw the fleets of Admiial Parker and Admiral Zoutman; fleets that ought never to have m t in any sea but on terms of friendship, meet to tear one another to pieces; in short, it was impossible for any set of men, however well inclined they might be to favour the intercfls of France, to serve her more eft ' vCtually than his Majesty’s ministers had done; and vet we were constantly hearing the mini it ry exclaim against the perfidy of France : they made his Majesty, from the throne, speak in the fame {file of the restless ambition, and the perfidy of France, He exceedingly wished, that as we could not give them hard blows, we would be decent enough not to give them hard words : but it was the falhion of his M ’ jesty’s ministers; they loved to talk in bitter terms. Bur why was the perlidy of France so bitterly inveighed against ? Was that any thing new t Was the treachery of France of a late date, or her enmity to this country, or her deftre to weaken us, or her restless ambition ? They were all established as axioms in politics; and none but the present statesmen would have iutfered themselves to be deluded by professions to the contrary, however speciously they might be made, especially when there was incontestible evidence against them, in the preparations which they were making in all their polls.

. The honourable gentleman who had ( econded the motion, had strongly called for unanimity, and afterwards recommended the prosecution of the American war. Were the Ministry confident enough to expect that there could be unanimity on that subject ? Had they not, from the outlet, declared their firm unequivocal abhorrence of it ? Had they not declared and predicted what had come to pass ? Had they not by every argument and means which respe&ful zeal could suggest, called upon, urged, and instigated them to put an end to a war which could •nly be productive of ruin and disgrace. Every period of it had been marked with disaster, and the last misfortune was such, as took away the final hope, even of the moll violent abettors of the war. The honourable gentleman had said, that we could not blame the unfortunate and gallant Lord who commanded the kravc army in Virginia; that wc must receive him with praises;

A. i78t. DEBATES. 19

for vi < 5borics had been the preludes to the surrender of his army.

He would join that gentleman in bellowing the warmed prailcs on that noble Earl; for not to him did he impute the disaster, but to the Ministry, by whole savage obstinacy he was ordered 1

I to perlevere in an expedition against the evidence both of fact and reason. But had not all the transactions of this war beeft of the fame fort ! Had not all the generals been brave, and all ! unfortunate ! The conquest of Ticondcrago had concluded in the surrender of Saratoga. The victory of Brandywine had ended in the recall of Sir William Howe; and the battle of Camden in the capitulation at York. It had been with EarJ Cornwallis as it was with General Burgoyne.

" The paths of glory led but to the grave. "

It had always happened so, and it mull always happen lb in the prosecution of this difaflrous war. Gen. Burgoyne had been brave; Gen. Burgoyne had failed; and Gen. Burgoyne had been reviled, persecuted, and proferibed; so lvad Gen. Sir William Howe; so, perhaps, in his turn, would the brave and unfortunate Earl Cornwallis. Though he did not know where these cancbd men intended to fix the blame; whether upon Lord Cornwallis, or on Sir Henry Clinton, or on both; or on Admiral Graves, or on all. But it would soon be discovered; their dirty literary engines would be set to work, and calumny would come forth in all the insidious garbs that inventive malice could fuggell. They would place the blame any where, but in the right place; in their own weakness, otrftinacy, inhumanity or treason. To some one of these. causes the blame was to be attributed, and not to any failure in the execution of their plans.

Two years since, a right honourable friend of his had moved the House, that our troops should be withdrawn from America, under a firm perluafion, that the French troops joined to the Americans, would be irresistible; and that left to themselves, their jealously of one another, and their passions might be favourable to Great - Britain. The motion was rejected, because, oh ! it was not possible that the Americans could suffer a French army to enter into their provinces ! So little did his Majesty’s Ministers know of the intentions, or of the disposition of the people with whom they were at war. The event now confirmed the idea of his right non. friend, whose military knowledge of the Colonies would not be difputied. Now then, put a peru > d to the

contest. The French and the Americans are joined; - -

the French and the Americans have taken an army.

There was no part of the unfortunate disaster at York - town portendous as that circumstance, or that gave him so much concern. It led to more fatal consequences than the lo. fs of

D2 seven

10

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

seven thousand men. The circumstance of this conquest being accomplished by the combined army of French and Americans, would superinduce a claim of acknowledgment, and of gratitude, that would tie the two people together in an alliance of friendship, and give rife to commercial connexions, which would ( hut out the only profpex that remained for this country of re - estab ! i filing a friendly intercourse with America, and having the benefit of her trade. Some of the persons belonging to his MajesiVc council were not so sanguine as others. Some, for whom he entertained rdpect, as private gentlemen, were not so sanguine as to believe, that if the people of America were really determined against us, we could ev er reduce them to obedience. One of these, for whom he had great respex, a right honourable gentleman on the floor ( \Ir. Rigby ) said, upon the capture of Charles - town, that if that event did not produce fortunate concisions in our favour, he should despair of success, and be ready to acknowledge, that it was an improper and mad thing to continue the contcfi. Now then, he called upon the right honourable gentleman to stand up, and in the face of the world aX up to his promises, for it now was proved, that the capture of Charles - town had concluded in the surrender of an army. Had any other conseq/ience risen from it ? No $ none. The right honourable gentleman, who profelfed to be open, and disdained the insidious dealing of saying one thing one day, and another the next, just as it might suit the occasion, would rife, therefore, he trusted, and call upon his Majesty.’s Ministers to put an end to this war.

There was one circumstance in the conduX and language both of the Ministers and of men of all parties, which, he could not help taking notice of; it was, that amidst all their forrovr for the loss of Earl Cornwallis and his brave army, there was one thing which gave them great consolation, and for which they were grateful : it was, that our fleet had not ventured so fight the enemy. Hear it, Mr. Speaker, fays the honourable gentleman; it is a source of joy, new in the history of Britain, that wc rejoice on the occasion of one of our fleets not venturing to meet and fight the enemy. To this even were we reduced, and our joy on the circumstance was well - founded. The honourable gentleman who seconded the motion had given great praise to Earl Cornwallis, and justly so, as he had already said; but in his opinion, the most brilliant part of the noble Earl’s conduX was, that even in the miaft of his embarrassment, in the very moment of peril, when he ex - peXed every hour to be assaulted, and himself, with the whole firmy ? to be put to the f, yord ? he retained and expressed the

C

A. 1781. - DEBATES.

purest patriotism and love for his country in the anxiety which he ( hawed for the safety of the fleet ! u Do not venture to relieve ' me my fate is determined; do not decide the fate of our country by including yourselves in the disaster. " But, indeed, the whole conduct of J ord Cornwallis was great and distin - guished; while enterprize, activity, and expedition was wanted, no man had more of these qualities. At last, when prudence became necessary, he took a station which, in any former period ofour history, would have been a perfect asylum. He planted himself in York and Gloucester, and preserved a communication with that which used to be the country gnd the dominion of Great - Britain; a communication with the sea. It used to be the country of an English commander, to which he could retire with safety, if not with fame. It used to be the country in which he was invincible, whatever might be his strength on shore. Here it was that Earl Cornwallis was stationed on the ’ borders of Great - Britain, and by which he preserved a com - f nnmication with New - York, nay, with the city and the port of London. But even this was denied him 5 for the ocean was f no more the country of an Englishmen, and the noble Lord was blocked up, though planted on the borders of the sea; nay, was reduced even to thank God, that a British fleet did not attempt his refeue. He said, he was far from meaning to in - fmuate that Admiral Graves was in fault; the ablest commander in the universe would have acted as he did, even Lord Hawke; the great and the gallant Lord Hawke, whose name he might now use with reverence, as he was no more ( for it was not the fashion to venerate living authorities ); and whose memory would ever be held dear, as the father of the British navy, would have } acted in the same manner. He who lived during the splendor I of the British navy, and who perhaps was happy to retire that 1 he might not live in its decline; even he would have a < 51ed in the same manner. The hon. gentleman said. he had taken a good deal

i of pains to inquire; he had conversed with the ablest officers on

fihesubje&; and he had it in his power to do so, ( for all the ablest : officers Were on shore, ) and they declared unanimously, that it would have been madness in Admiral Graves to have ventured to attack the French fleet in their position in the Chefapeak; \ that it could not have been done without the utmost rilk of losing the whole fleet, as well as the army that was on board. How different was this from what it used to be in the English navy. In former wars to meet an enemy and to fight, t < command a squadron and to vanquish, was the fame thing. A British admiral knew not what it was to retreat from a French Iquadron, or be apprenenfive of engaging them. But this, iuuong other things ’ the Earl of Sandwich had introduced "into

C.

PARLIAMENTARY a. i78r.

the service of Great - Britain. He had made it an essential part of the duty of an English Admiral to run away from an enemy. He, that fil ' d lord of the Admiralty, who had declared in hh place, in the House of Peers, that he deserved to lose his head if he ever failed to have a fleet equal to the combined naval power of France and Spain. He had forfeited the penalty of his bond; the Earl of Sandwich had forfeited his head, for the Earl of Sandwich had not a fleet in any quarter of the world equal to that of the House of Bourbon - In America, the British Squadron, under Admiral Graves, amounted to twenty - five fail of the line. The French squadron, under De Grasse, to thirty - five fail; in America then we were unequal. In tht West - Indies a decided superiority against us had been manifested by the occurrences of the campaign. We had loft the island of Tobago; a large Spanish squadron was now triumphant in those seas, unopposed by any British force whatsoever, capable and ready to do what they pleased. True; we had taken a defenedds island, and disgraced ourselves by the capture; a capture productive of no good ( no national good he meant, for undoubtedly the conquerors would have benefited by the plunder ) and by which we had brought upon our name and arms the greatest stigma that could fall upon an enlightened nation, that of barbarity.

In the Wcu - Indics then we were inferior, and so inferior that there was not a man of any experience or of knowledge who did not tremble for the safety of our dearest possessions in those seas. Unequal in those two places, it might be thought that our great superiority was employed in some exploit in smother part of the world. Where ? how ? was it in Europe ? In Europe, die Channel fleet did not at any time consist of more than 27 ships of the line, and the combined fleets amounted to 47 fail, and blocked up the mouth of the English Channel; claimed the proud dominion of the seas on our coasts, and took within our view a valuable and a numerous fleet of traders. In the English Channel, then, we were inferior. But perhaps in the Northern seas there was a great commanding squadron to overcome or to destroy the Dutch marine. Was there fb ? Admiral Parker met and fought the enemy with an inferior force, and there was a circumstance occurred in this part of our naval management which gave a most striking picture of the Admiralty system. After Admiral Parker had written home to inform the Board that the Dutch squadron was much larger than they had given him to understand or expect, they dispatchaf a cutter to him with the intimation that there were two ships lying at Harwich, fully equipped and ready for sea at an hour ’ s

notice.

i

C

A. 1781. DEBATES.

notice, which he might have if he desired them. Instead ef lending these ships, id consequence of the information which the Admiral had given them, they sent a cutter, and loft the opportunity. Admiral Parker met the Dutch fleet in the mean time, and fought without the addition of these ships, by which, perhaps, and indeed in all probability, he would have procured a decisive victory, and have destroyed or maimed the Dutch force for the rest of the war. ‘ But by this igndrant, trcalonable con - dufih, instead of a victory, there was only a drawn battle. But perhaps we had been superior in the Mediterranean, and in the Baltic. No; in the Mediterranean we dm ft not even attempt to relieve an inverted island; the island of Minorca; —nor re - lieve a blockaded garrison; the garrison of Gibraltar; two places that were always hitherto considered to be of the last importance. — In the Baltic, we had given up the right of fighting, even when attacked; we must not dare to fire a gun hi the Baltic. In the European seas, then, we had been unequal to the enemy in all the operations of the campaign. In thei East - Indies we were not superior to the enemy. He had heard in the King’s speech, of the prosperous state of affairs in the East, but he profefted ho knew of no prosperity in that quarter. — Was there any news of conquest, or of advantage, or even of tfcape, come from the East ? It was a hidden secret to every body with whom he conversed; and he believed, was to be found no where but in the King’s speech. In every corner of the world thus are we inferior tQ the enemy; and yet, with a fleet diminished and inferior, rendered still more weak by the infamous manner in which it is directed. —After the present disaster to our arms in Virginia, with the fame men to conduct, and what is worse, with the fame system, are we, the representatives of the people of Great - Britain, called upon to addrels the Crown, and promise to support his Majesty in the fame pu. r - suit that hath brought us to this state.

In giving this detail of our situation, he had avoided entering l into the minute and subordinate measures of government. He had confined himself merely to the leading features of this management, and of our situation; and though he had not enumerated our domestic grievances, he by no means forgot or despised them. There was one grand domestic evil, from which all our other evils, foreign and domestic, had sprung. The influence of the Crown. To the influence of the Crown we must attribute the lofsof the army in Virginia; to the influence of the Crown we must attribute the loss of the thirteen provinces of America $ for kwas the influence of the Crown in two Houses of Parliament,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

men, ! : that enabled his Majesty’s Minider ? to perfovere agair. il the voice of reaion, the voice of truth, the voice of the people. This was the grand parent spring from which all our misfortunes flowed. But dill, as he had laid before, this picture of our situation was more didant from dejedion than the serious picture of the honourable gentleman who spoke before him; for all these calamities were connected with the fydem, and the men in power. Change the one in teand remove the other, and you would purify the fountain - head, by which all the flood was contaminated.

He called upon the House to know whether they were fl. ’ H ready to go on with this accursed and abominable war. He called upon them as the representatives of the people, and not as the creatures of the Minider, to do their duty; toexecute the trud reposed in them, and to act up to the sentiments that they really felt. Did they really believe that we could ever conquer America ? He desired them to lay their hands upon their hearts, and proclaim in the presence of God and men, whether they thought that all the power of Britain, drained and exerted, was equal to the talk. He would leave the quedion to this confci - : entious ted, and he would venture to say, that if no man, but ! he who thought the contrary of this, would presume that night j to vote for the Address, the Minider would be left in the final left minority that was ever known in that House; nay, he believed in his foul, that the Minider himself would vote against the war. Were they determined ralhly and vehemently to goon ? Had they not done enough for the Minider, and was it not now sufficicnttime to do something for their condituents ? In his own opinion, no address whatsoever should be sent up to the throne, until they had an opportunity of going down to their condituents, and consulting with them on the matter. They, and they only, were to pay for the continuance of the war, and it was fit and ncceil ' ary that they should give their indructions : But though

this was his own immediate opinion, he was ' willing to take a more gentle course, for he desired unanimity as much as the > honourable gentleman who spoke before him; and therefore he would move to amend the motion for the Address, by the fubfii - tution of a clause, in the room of a great part of that now in the hand of the Speaker. The violent epithets and abuse again# the French, though he did not approve of them, were yet become so familiar to the House, and the Minidry were become to much in love with them, perhaps tiling them to conceal their good offices in a more substantial way, that he did not very earnefltly object to them. The part to which he could not

agree

A. 1781. DEB A T E 5.

agree was all that which went to the continuance of the American war, and which was couched in the most cunning and in - lidious language. The amendment which he should propose would give his Majesty the assurance of their loyalty and zeal, " and would promise in a more effectual way to support the essential rights and permanent interests of his empire. He concluded with moving, that after the first paragraph in the motion, concluding with the words, 44 diligent exertion to re {tore the public tranquility, " there should be inserted this sentence, in lieu of all the rest:

44 And we will, without delay, apply ourselves with united hearts to propose and digest such counsels as may in this crisis; excite die efforts, point the arms, andbj a total change of system command the confidence of all his Majesty’s subjects. "

Mr. Minchin seconded the motion of amendment. It was abfohitely necessary now to become serious; we had too longcn ’ n % dealt in the language of flattery and falsehood. The Addreis now moved for was founded on the basis of flattery, and not of truth. It was calculated to deceive and mislead his Majesty into a belief that the people were favourable to the American war, and willing to support him in the continuance of it. They were no such thing. They abhorred the war, and whatever Ministers might say 5 nay, whatever their adherents, the Members of that House might say, the people would not go on from year to year, draining their blood and treasure in the prosecution of a war which they heartily condemned both in the principle and pro - gress. For, fays he, while we are going on with this danger ous and expensive war, without honour, and without ad van tage, we are increasing a sum, already above two hundred miU lions, by an addition of two - and - thirty for the expence of the current year. Where arc v/e to stop ? Are there no bounds j no moderation; no discretion with regard to expence ? The Minister congratulates himself that our taxes, however numerous, are not burdensome; - they are laid upon luxuries, and not upon necessaries. But whatever is taxed in a commercial country must terminate with necessaries. Misfortunes cannot teach; ruin cannot correct the obstinacy of Ministers > it defences a harsher name than obstinacy. We have seen our fleets disgracefully running before the French fleet, or cooped within the chops of the Channel. He said, he had the highest opinion of the bravery of Admiral Darby, nor did he mean to throw the most trifling censure upon him. Indeed he believed that he aft ed as the greatest prudence directed, and in the only sure manner for die welfare of that Ate; which was under his command. It Vow V. E was

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781,

was not to him that we were to attribute the disgraceful mockery of the last campaign. With an inferior fleet; a fleet so very inferior to that of the enemies, he could only consult the fefety of his country by avoiding an engagement. To that wretched system of Admiralty management, which had reduced the fleet to what it was, we must attribute the disgraces of the last campaign. That fyHem which had driven so many brave and able officers from the service, and which had diffracted and insulted those that remained; that system of which the Earl of Sandwich was the patron, and ought to be the victim. It was not enough that they should by mismanagement and injufHce; by fee king only the increase of parliamentary influence in the promotions which were given, and the appointments that were, made, by substituting in the room of fair and jpft ceconomy plans of unwise parsimony in the dock - yards, and driving by that means into the service of our enemies the ablest mechanics in the yards; and by the fame plans introduced into the ships, driving also to foreign countries the most serviceable petty officers, who were the heft acquainted with the discipline and manoeuvring of our fleets; by which wc had taught the enemy our art of building as well as of conducting our ships. It was not enough by thele means to weaken, to reduce, and to diffract the navy j but this little diminished and divided force must also want the benefit of wife, able, and vigilant direction; for though they lavished immense sums in secret service money they yet procured no article of foreign intelligence; no circum - stance of useful information. While Frenchmen were found hardy enough to dare death and infamy with all their concomitant terrors, we had no one to give us any account of any manoeuvre of the enemy $ of any project which might take place Or any fclieme which was intended to be effected. Our war, as it was deficient of aji end, was also wanting of a system. This circumstance was clearly and most curiously proved in the course of the last summer, when the French and Spanish fleets appeared at the mouth of the Channel, without the Mini Iter’s knowing any thing of the matter. When it was published in one of the newspapers they denied the fa&; their adherents were employed to contradict : it, and though the paper persisted in its information, they continued obstinately ignorant : Nay, the Admiral commanding at Plymouth, sent tidings of the fact to Bristol, and lent the news for the safety of the trade, and that the merchant might have the means of preventing many captures; it was a most Angular fa « 5f, that the naval Commander at Bristol, oft the day that received this intelligence

27

A. 1781. DEBATES.

fan Plymouth, received alfp an express from the Admiralty informing him that it was no such thing, and that their Lora - ships did not believe that the combined fleets were out of port.

So much did they know of the transactions of our enemies and of the danger of the empire. The merchants of Bristol did as they ought; they believed the letter of Lord Shuldham, and paid no regard to the intelligence of the Admiralty; they kept their vessels in harbour and saved them from the jaws of the enemy. This was one glaring instance, put of many, of the extreme negligence, incapacity, ignorance, or treachery of the Admiralty, it fortunately happened for the deltYCfanCe of the countnr in this inlhmce, that Providence interfered, and sent a temped to drive the enemy from our coasts. Another inlhnce had occurred in the course of the campaign equally glaring, and in the issue more eventful. They sent Admiral Parker ouf to fight the Dutch with five ships, alluring him, that with that ( bree he was much superior to the enemy, for tfyey were so weak, unprovided, and incapable that they could not send out a fijuadroii equal to five ships qt the line. After this another ship was jent to give him a great and dccifivo majority; another joined him by mere accident, the Berwick j and vet with all theie, when the Dutch came out of the Texel, they proved to be much superior to him; and in an engagement fought with all the ancient valour of the two nations, they parted on equal terms. Admiral Parker wrote home that he found they had been mifmformed with rdpec to the force of the enemy, and retired from a situation in which he found it was vain to expert to do service to his country, though he might gain by his cn - terprize, immortal honour fur himtelf. Such was the Adminir stration of this naval Board, and such was the conduct of the men with whom we were Hity to intrust the most important part of the strepgth of Britain. To this it was impossible that he could agree; and to this the Address, as proposed by the young gentleman on the opposite fide of the way, absolutely went.

He therefore seconded the amendment of his honourable friend.

The able and compnehensive Ipeech which he had made, had precluded him from saving many things that he had intended j and he should conclude, with a warm recommendation to the House, to adopt the amendment by which the i\ l etn would be hanged, and the nation be saved.

Lord Mulgravs said he had not intended to have spoken, if Lord circumstances, which were ipanifofPy falle, had not been ad - duced in argument. He said the honourable gentleman who ijpoke lai hut one had aflbrted, that all the men of any naval f 2eminence

1

1

Mu

1 *

. PARLIAMENTARY a, 78r

rain go to war. with the Dutch without a cause, for he declared he never yet could discover a cause for which we went tp war with that power, forgetting all the interests, all the policy, and all the connexion by which we had ever been, and ought always to be guided with rclpcCfc to her. What mufl have been the exultation of Frenchmen, when they saw the fleets of Admiial Parker and Admiral Zoutman; fleet that ought never to have m. t in any sea but on terms of friendship, meet to tear one another to pieces; in short, it was impossible for any set of men, however well inclined they might be to favour the interests of France, to serve her more effectually than his Majesty’s ministers had done; and vet we were constantly hearing the miniitry exclaim against the perfidy of France : they made his Majesty, from the throne, speak in the fame stile of the reilless ambition, and the perfidy of France. He exceedingly wished, that as we could not give them hard blows, we would be decent enough pot to give them hard words : but it was the falhion of his Majesty’s ministers; they loved to talk in bitter terms. But why was the perfidy of France so bitterly inveighed against ? Was that any thing new ? Was the treachery of France of a late date, or her enmity to this country, or her desire to weaken us, or her reilless ambition ? They were all cflabliIhcd as axioms in politics; and none but the present ilatefmen would have fuflered theml ’ elves to be deluded by

Erofeflions to the contrary, however speciously they might e made, especially when there was inconteflible evidence against them, in the pieparjtfions which they were making in all their posts.

. The honourable gentleman who had seconded the motion, had strongly called for unanimity, and afterwards recommended the prosecution of the American war. Were the Ministry confident enough to expeCl that there could be unanimity on that 1 ' ubject ? Had they not, from the outlet, declared their firm Unequivocal abhorrence of it ? Had they not declared and predicted what had come to pass ? Had they not by every argument and means which respectful zeal could fuggcfl, called upon, urged, and instigated them to put an end to a war which could •nly be productive of ruin and disgrace. Every period of it had been marked with disaster, and the last misfortune was such, as took away the final hope, even of the most violent abettors of the war. The honourable gentleman had said, that we could not blame the unfortunate and gallant Lord who commanded the brave army in Virginia; that wc rnuft receive him with praises;

A. 178T. DEBATES.

for victories had been the preludes to the surrender of his armr. He would join that gentleman in bellowing the warmest prailes on that noble Earl; for not to him did he impute the disaster, but to the MLniftry, by whose savage obstinacy he was ordered ' to persevere in an expedition again ! ? the evidence both of fact and reason. But had not all the transactions of this war been of the fame fort ! Had not all the generals been brave, and aH unfortunate ! The conquest of Ticondcrago had concluded in the surrender of Saratoga. T he victory of Brandywine had ended in the recall of Sir William Howe; and the battle of Camden in the capitulation at York. It had been with EarJ Cornwallis as it was with General Burgoyne. u The paths of glory led but to the grave. ’ *

It had always happened so, and it mud always happen ( o in the prosecution of this disastrous war. Gen. Burgoyne had been crave; Gen. Burgoyne had failed; and Gen. Burgoyne had been reviled, persecuted, and proferibed; so had Gen. Sir William Howe; so, perhaps, in his turn, would the brave and unfortunate Earl Cornwallis. Though he did not know where these candid men intended to fix the blame; whether upon Lord Cornwallis, or on Sir Henry Clinton, or on both; or on Admiral Graves, or on all. But it would soon be discovered; their dirty literary engines would be set to work, and calumny would come forth in all the inftdious garbs that inventive malice could fuggelh They would place the blame any where, but in the right place; in their own weakness, obstinacy, inhumanity or treason. To some one of these. causes the blame was to be attributed, and not to any failure in the execution of their plans. Two years since, a right honourable friend of his had moved the House, that our troops should be withdrawn from America, under a firm persuasion, that the French troops joined to the Americans, would be irrcliftible; and that left to themselves, their jealously of one another, and their passions might be favourable to Great - Britaijj. The motion was reje&ed, because, oh ! it was not possible that the Americans could suffer a French army to enter into their provinces ! So little did his Majesty’s Ministers know of the intentions, or of the disposition of the people with whom they were at war. The event now confirmed the idea of his right non. friend, whose military knowledge of the Colonies would not be disputed. Now then, put a period to thfc

contest. The French and the Americans are joined; - -

the French and the Americans have taken an army. There was no part of the unfortunate disaster at York - town so portendous as that circumstance, or that gave him so much Concern. It led to more fatal consequences than the lo. fs of

D 2 leven

0

PARLIAMENTARY A - 1781,

seven thousand men. The circumstance of this conquest being aecomplished by the combined army of French and Americans, would fupcrinduce a claim of acknowledgment, and of gratis tude, that would tie the two people together in an alliance of friend ship, and give rife to commercial connexions, which would ( hut out the only prospect that remained for this country of re - establishing a friendly intercourse with America, and having the benefit of her trade. Some of the persons belonging to his MajestyV council were not so sanguine as others. Some, for whom he entertained rd ' pect, as private gentlemen, were not lb sanguine as to believe, that if the people of America were really determined against us, we could ever reduce them to obedience. One of these, for whom he had great respect, a right honourable gentleman on the floor ( Mr, Rigby ) said, upon the capture of Charles - town, that if that event did not produce fortunate con - clufions in our favour, he should despair of success, and be ready to acknowledge, that it was an improper and mad thing to continue the contefh Now then, he called upon the right honourable gentleman to stand up, and in the face of the world aX up to his promises, for it now was proved, that the capture of Charles - town had concluded in the surrender of an army. Had any other conference risen from it ? No $ none. The right honourable gentleman, who profelled to be open, and dif - dained the inlidious dealing of saying one thing one day, and another the next, just as it might suit the occassion, would rife, therefore, he trusted, and call upon his Majesty’s Ministers to put an end to this war.

There was one circumstance in the conduX and language both of the Ministers and of men of all parties, which he could not help taking notice of; it was, that amidst all their sorrow for the loss of Earl Cornwallis and his brave army, there was one thing which gave them great consolation, and for which they were grateful : it was, that our fleet had not ventured so fight the enemy. Hear it, Mr. Speaker, fays the honourable gentleman; it is a source of joy, new in the history of Britain, that wc rejoice on the occasion of one of our fleets not venturing to meet and fight the enemy. To this even were we reduced, and our joy on the circumstance was well - founded. The honourable gentleman who seconded the motion had given great praise to Earl Cornwallis, and justly so, he had already said; but in his opinion, the most brilliant part of the noble Earl’s conduX was, that even in the midst of his embarrassment, in the very moment of peril, when he ex - peXcd every hour to he aflirulted, and himself, with the whole grmy ? to be put to the Avord ? he retained and expressed the

•DEBATES.

A. 1781.

purest patriotism and love for his country in the anxiety which he shewed for the safety of the fleet ! " Do not venture to relieve ' me; my fate is determined; do not decide the fate of our ' country by including yourselves in the disaster. " But, indeed,

• the whole conduct of Lord Cornwallis was great and distin - guished; while enterprize, activity, and expedition was wanted, no man had more of these qualities. At last, when prudence became necessary, he took a station which, in any former period ofour history, would have been a perfect asylum. He planted himself in York and Gloucester, and preserved a communication with that which used to be the country and the dominion of Great - Britain 5 a communication with the sea. It used to be the country of an English commander, to which he could retire with safety, if not with fame. It used to be the country in which he was invincible, whatever might be his strength on shore. Here it was that Earl Cornwallis was stationed on the borders of Great - Britain, and by which he preserved a com -, jnunication with New - York, nay, with the city and the port 1 of London. But even this was denied him; for the ocean was ‘ no more the country of an Englishmen, and the noble Lord 1 was blocked up, though planted on the borders of the sea; nay, was reduced even to thank God, that a British fleet did not attempt his refeue. He said, he was far from meaning to in - frnuate that Admiral Graves was in fault; the ablest commander j in the universe would have acted as he did, even Lord Hawke;

I the great and the gallant Lord Hawke, whose name he might now use with reverence, as he was no more ( for it w; is not the fashion to venerate living authorities ); and whose memory would ever be held dear, as the father of the British navy, would have 1 acted in the same manner. He who lived during the splendor of the British navy, and who perhaps was happy to retire that \ he might not live in its decline; even he would have a died in the same manner. The hon. gentleman laid he had taken a good deal of pains to inquire; he had conversed with the ablest officers on thesubjeeb; and he had it in his power to do so, ( for all the ablest officers were on shore, ) and they declared unanimously, that it would have been madness in Admiral Graves to have ventured to attack the French fleet in their position in the Chefapeak; that it could not have been done without the utmost risk of losing the whole fleet, as well as the army that was on board. How different was this from what it used to be in the English navy. In former wars to meet an enemy and to fight, to command a squadron and to vanquish, was the fame thing. A British admiral knew not what it was to retreat from a French squadron, or be apprehensive of engaging them. But this, among other things ' the Earl of Sandwich had introduced into

SI

C

PARLIAMENTARY a. 178 !.

the service of Great - Britain. He had made it an essential part of the duty of an English Admiral to run away from an enemy. He, that first lord of the Admiralty, who had declared in his place, in the House of Peers, that he deserved to lofc his head 1 if he ever failed to have a fleet equal to the combined naval power of France and Spain. He had forfeited the penalty of his bond; the Earl of Sandwich had forfeited his head, for the Earl of Sandwich had not a fleet in any quarter of the world equal to that of the House of Bourbon. In America, the British squadron, under Admiral Graves, amounted to twenty - five fail of the line. The French lquadron, under De Grasse, to thirty - five fail 5 in America then we were unequal. In the Weil - Indies a decided superiority against us had been manifested by the occurrences of the campaign. We had loft the island of Tobago; a large Spanish squadron was now triumphant in those leas, unopposed by any British force whatsoever, capable and ready to do what they pleased. True; we had taken a defence ! el ' s island, and disgraced ourselves by the capture; a capture productive of no good ( no national good he meant, for undoubtedly the conquerors would have benefited by the plunder ) and by which we had brought upon our name and arms the greatest stigma that could fall upon an enlightened nation, that of barbarity *

In the Welt - Indies then we were inferior, and fb inferior I that there was not a man of any experience or of knowledge who did not tremble for the safety of our dearest possessions in those Teas, l/nequal in those two places, it might be thought that our great superiority was employed in some exploit in another part of the world. Where ? how ? was it in Europe

In Europe, the Channel fleet did not at any time consist of more than 27 ships of the line, and the combined fleets amounted to 47 fail, and blocked up the mouth of the English Channel; claimed the proud dominion of the Teas on our coasts, and took within our view a valuable and a numerous fleet of traders.

It > the English Channel, then, we were inferior. But < perhaps in the Northern seas there was a great commanding squadron to overcome or to destroy the Dutch marine. Was there lb ? Admiral Parker met and fought the enemy with an inferior force, and there was a circumstance occurred in this part of our naval management which gave a most striking picture of the Admiralty system. After Admiral Parker had written home to inform the Board that the Dutch squadron was much larger than they had given him to understand or expect, they dispatchal a cutter to him with the intimation that there were two ships 1 lying at Harwich, fully equipped and ready for sea at an hour’s 1

notice,

A. 1781. DEBATES *

notice, which he might have if he desired them. Instead ef fending thefeships, irT consequence of the information which the Admiral had given them, they sent a cutter, and loft : the opportunity. Admiral Parker met the Dutch fleet in the mean time, and fought without the addition of these ships, by which, perhaps, and indeed in all probability, he would have procured a decisive victory, and have destroyod or maimed the Dutch force for the rest of the war. ' But by this igndrant, treasonable con - dud, instead of a victory, there was only a drawn battle. But perhaps we had been superior in the Mediterranean, and in the Baltic. No; in the Mediterranean we durst not even attempt. to relieve an inverted island; the island of Minorca; —nor re~

. lieve a blockaded garrison; the garrison of Gibraltar; two places that were always hitherto confulered to be of the last importance. — In the Baltic, we had given up the right of fighting, even when attacked; we must not dare to fire a gun in the Baltic. In the European Teas, then, we had been unequal to the enemy in all the operations of the campaign. In the East - Indies we were not superior to the enemy. He had heard in the King ' s speech, of the prosperous state of affairs in the East, but he profefted ho knew of no prosperity in that quarter. — Was there any news of conquest, or of advantage, or even of escape, come from the East i It was a hidden secret to every body with whom he converted; and he believed, was to be found no where but in the King ' s speech. In every corner of the world thus are we inferior to the enemy and yet, with a fleet diminished and inferior, rendered ftdl more weak by the infamous manner in which it is directed. —After the present disaster to our arms in Virginia, with the fame men to conduct, and what is worte, with the fame fyftein, are we, the rep re - fentatives of the people of Great - Britain, called upon to addrels the Crown, and promise to support his Majesty in the fame pursuit that hath brought us to this state.

In giving this detail of our situation, he had avoided entering. into the minute and subordinate measures of government. He had confined himself merely to the leading features of this management, and of our lit nation; and though he had not enumerated ourdomeftic grievances, he by no means forgot or despised them. There was one grand domestic evil, from which all our other evils, foreign and domestic, had sprung. The influence of the Crown. To the influence of the Crown we must attribute the lofcof the army in Virginia; to the influence of the Crown we must attribute the lot ' s of the thirteen provinces of America; for ‘was the influence of the Crown yi $he two Houses of Parliament,

le

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

mens that enabled his Majesty’s Miniders to persevere again d the voice of reaion, the voice of truth, the voice of the people. This was the grand parent spring from which all our misfortunes flowed. But dill, as he had laid before, this picture of our situation was more didant from dejection than the serious picture of the honourable gentleman who spoke before him; for all these calamities were connected with the system, and the men in power. Change the one in ut ?, and remove the other, and you would purify the fountain - head, by which all the flood was contaminated.

He called upon the House to know whether they were ( till ready to go on with this accursed and abominable war. He called upon them as the representatives of the people, and not as the creatures of the Mini ! ter, to do their duty; to execute the trust reposed in them, and to act up to the sentiments that they really felt. Did they really believe that we could ever conquer America ? He desired them to lay their hands upon their hearts, and proclaim in the presence of God and men, whether they thought that all the power of Britain, drained and exerted, was equal to the talk. He would leave the question to this confci - entious ted, and he would venture to say, that if no man, but he who thought the contrary of this, would presume that night, to vote for the Address, the Minider would be left in the finalleft j minority that was ever known in that House; nay, he believed in his foul, that the Minider himself would vote against the war. Were they determined ralhly and vehemently to goon ? Had they not done enough for the Minider, and was it not now fiil - ficienttime to do something for their constituents ? In his own opinion, no address whatsoever should be sent up to the throne, until they had an opportunity of going down to their condituents, and conmlting with them on the matter. They, and they only, were to pay lor the continuance of the war, and it was fit and ncccITary that they should give their indrudiions : But though

this was his own immediate opinion, he was willing to take 2 1 more gentle course, for he desired unanimity as much as thei honourable gentleman who spoke before him; and therefore he. would move to amend the motion for the Address, by the fubfii - tution of a clause, in the room of a great part of that now in the hand of the Speaker. The violent epithets and abuse against the French, though he did not approve of them, were yet become so familiar to the House, and the Minidry were become so much in love with them, perhaps uling them to conceal their good offices in a more substantial way, that he did not very ' eameftly object to them. The part to which he could not

agree

A. 1781. DEBATES.

agree was all that which went to the continuance of the American war, and which was couched in the most cunning and in - Jidious language. The amendment which he should propose would give his Majesty the assurance of their loyalty and Zealand would promise in a more effectual way to support the essential rights and permanent interests of his empire He concluded with moving, that after the first paragraph in the motion, concluding with die words, w diligent exertion to restore the public tranquility, " there should be inserted this sentence, in lieu of all the rest:

And we will, without delay, apply ourselves with united hearts to propose and digest such counsels as may in this crisis; excite the efforts, point the arms, and by a total change of system command the confidence of all his Majesty’s flibjects. "

Mr. Aftnchtn seconded the motion of amendment It was absolutely necessary now to become serious; we had too long dealt in the language of flattery and falsehood. The Addreis now moved for was founded on the basis of flattery, and not of truth. It was calculated to deceive and mislead his Majesty into a belief that the people were favourable to the American war, and willing to support him irt the continuance of it. They were no such thing. They abhorred the war, and whatever Ministers might say; nay, whatever their adherents, the Members of that / House might say, the people would not go on from year to year, draining their blood and treasure in the prosecution of a war which they heartily condemned both in the principle and on > - gress. For, fays he, while we are going on with this danger ous and expennve war, without honour, and without advantage, we are increasing a sum, already above two hundred miU lions, by an addition of two - and - thirty for the expence of the current year. Where are we to stop ? Are there no bounds $ ho moderation; no discretion with regard to expence ? The Minister congratulates himself that our taxes, however nu *

Inerous, are not burdensome; ftiey are laid upon luxuries, and not upon necessaries. But whatever is taxed in a commercial country must terminate with necessaries. Misfortunes cannot teach; ruin cannot correct the obstinacy of Ministers; it defences a harsher name than obstinacy. We have seen our fleets disgracefully running before the French fleet, or cooped within the chops of the Channel. He said, he had the highest opinion of the bravery of Admiral Darby, nor did he mean to throw the most trifling censure upon him. Indeed he believed that he a£U ed as the greatest prudence directed, and in the only sure manner for the welfare of that fleet which was under his command. It VoIm V. E was

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781 -

was not to him that we were to attribute the disgraceful mockery of the last campaign. With an inferior fleet j a fleet so very inferior to that of the enemies, he could only consult the safety of his country by avoiding an engagement. To that wretched system of Admiralty management, which had reduced the fleet to what it was, we muff attribute the disgraces of the last campaign. That system which had driven so many brave and able officers from the service, and which had distracted and insulted those that remained; that system of which the Earl of Sandwich was the patron, and ought to be the vidiim. It was not enough that they should by mismanagement and injustice; by fccking only the increase of parliamentary influence in the promotions which were given, and the appointments that were; made, by substituting in the room of fair and jpft ceconomy plans of unwise parsimony in the dock - yards, and driving by that means into the service of our enemies the ablest mechanics in the yards; and by the fame plans introduced into the ships, driving also to foreign countries the most serviceable petty officers, who were the best acquainted with the discipline and manoeuvring of our fleets; by which we had taught the enemy bur art of building as well as of conducting our ships. It was not enough by thele means to weaken, to reduce, and to distradl the navy; but this little diminished and divided force must also want the benefit of wife, able, and vigilant direction; for though they lavished immense sums in secret service money they yet procured no article of foreign intelligence; no circum - r stance of useful information. While Frenchmen were found hardy enough to dare death and infamy with all their concomitant terrors, we had no one to give us any account of any manoeuvre of the enemy; of any project which might take place br any feheme which was intended to be effected. Our war, as it was deficient of ap end, was also wanting of a system. This circumstance was clearly and most curiously proved in the course of the last summer, when the French and Spanifti fleets appeared at the mouth of the Channel, without the Minister’s knowing any thing of the matter. When it was published in one of the newspapers they denied the fa&; their adherents Were employed to contradict it, and though the paper persisted in its information, they continued obstinately ignorant; Nay, the Admiral commanding at Plymouth, sent tidings of the fact to Bristol, and lent the news for the safety of the trade, and that the merchants might have the means of preventing many captures; it was 0 most Angular fa < ft, that the naval Com - inander at Bristol, o 6. the day that be received this intelligence

7

A 1781.

DEBATES.

fcqn\ Plymouth, received alfp an express from the Admiralty informing him that it was no such thing and that their Lord - ships did not believe that the combined fleets were out of port. \

So much did they know of the transactions of our enemies and of the danger of the empire. The merchants Qf Bristol did as they ought; they believed the letter of Lord Shuldham, and paid no regard to the intelligence of the Admiralty; they kept their vefltrlsjn harbour, and saved them from the jaws of the enemy. This was one glaring inlfance, put of many, of the extreme negligence, incapacity, ignorance, or treachery of the Admiralty, it fortunately happened for the delivefanCe of the countnr in this inlfance, that Providence interfered, and sent a tempest to drive the enemy from our coasts. Another inlbnce had occurred in the course of the campaign equally glaring, and in the issue more eventful. They sent Admiral Parker ouf to fight the Dutch with five ships, alluring him, that with that force he was much superior to the enemy, for tfyey \ycre so weak, unprovided, and incapable that they could not ( end out a iquadroiv equal to five ships of the line. After this another ship was sent to give him a great and dcciftvc majority; another joined him by mere accident, the Berwick j and vet with all these, when the Dutch came out of the Texel, they proved to be much superior tq him j and in an engagement fought with all the ancient valour of the two nations, they parted on equal terms. Admiral Parker wrote home that he found they had been misinformed with rdpec to the force of the enemy, and retired from a situation in which he found it was vain to expert to do service to his country, though he might gain by his cn - terprize, immortal honour for himself. Such was the Admini - ilration of this naval Board, ar. d such was the condurt of the men with whorq we were &U to hitruff the most important part of the strepgtV of Britain. To this it was impossible that he could agree; aiu} tq this the Address, as proposed by the young gentleman on the opposite fide of the way, absolutely went.

He therefore seconded the amendment of his honourable friend.

The able and comprehend ve speech which he had made, had precluded him from saving many things that he had intended j and he should conclude, with a warm recommendation to the House, to adopt the amendment by which the fytyem would be hanged, and the nation be saved.

Lord Mulgravs said he had not intended to have spoken, ifLnrd circum ( lances, which were man i foil ! y fa He, had not been ad - duced in argument. He said the honourable gentleman who {poke laiL but one had asserted, th. it all the men of any naval

eminence

I *

PARLIAMENTARY a, f78n

rain go to war. with the Dutch without a cause, for he declared he never yet could discover a cause for which we went tp war with that power, forgetting all the interests, all the policy, and all the connection by which we had ever been and ought always to be guided with respect to her. What must have been the exultation of Frenchmen, when they saw the fleets of Admiial Parker and Admiral Zoutman; fleet# that ought never to have m. t in any sea but on terms of friendship, meet to tear one another to pieces : in short, it was impossible for any set of men, however well inclined they might be to favour the interests of France, to serve her more cffc&ually than his Majesty’s ministers had done; and vet we were constantly hearing the minillry exclaim against the perfidy of France : they made his Majesty, from the throne, speak in the fame ( lile of the restless ambition, and the perfidy of France. He exceedingly wished, that as \vc could not give them hard blows, wc would be decent enough not to give them hard words; but it was the fashion of his M < jessy ’ $ ministers y they loved to talk in bitter terms. But why was the perfidy of France so bitterly inveighed against ? Was that any thing new ? Was the treachery of France of a late date, or her enmity to this country, or her desire to weaken us, or her restless ambition ? They were all cflahlished as axioms in politics; and none but the present flatelmen would have futfered themselves to be deluded by professions to the contrary, however specioufiv they might he made, especially when there was inconteflible evidence against them, in the pieparjtfions which they were making in all their posts.

. The honourable gentleman who had seconded the motion, had strongly called for unanimity, and afterwards recommended the prosecution of the American war. Were the Ministry confident enough to expeCl that there could be unanimity on that subject ? Had they not, from the outlet, declared their firm Unequivocal abhorrence of it ? Hud they not declared and predicted what had come to pass ? Had they not by every argument and means which respectful zeal could suggest, called upon, urged, and instigated them to put an end to a war which could •nly be produClive of ruin and disgrace. Every period of it had been marked with disaster, and the last misfortune was such, as took away the final hope, even of the mod violent abettors of the war. The honourable gentleman had said, that we could not blame the unfortunate and gallant Lord who commanded the brave army in Virginia; that wc must receive him with praises;

to

A. 17S1. DEBATES.

( or victories had been the preludes to the surrender of his army. He would join that gentleman in bellowing the warmefe praties on that noble Earl; for not to him did he impute the distfter, but to the Mini dry, by whose ft v age obstinacy he was ordered to perievere in an expedition against the evidence both of fact and reason. But had not all the transactions of this war been of the feme fort ! Had not all the generak been brave, and a ) i unfortunate ! The conquest of Ticondcrago had concluded in the surrender of Saratoga. T he victory of Brandywine had ended in the recall of oir William Howe; and the battle of Camden in the capitulation at York. It had been with Ear ] Cornwallis as it was with General Burgoyne.

tt The paths of glory led but to the grave. ’ *

It had always happened so, and it must always happen ( b in the prosecution of this disastrous war. Gen. Burgoyne had been brave; Gen. Burgoyne had failed; and Gen. Burgoyne had been reviled, persecuted, and proferibed; so had Gen. Sir William Howe; so, perhaps, in his turn, would the brave and unfortunate Earl Cornwallis. Though he did not know where these candid men intended to fix the blame; whether upon Lord Cornwallis, or on Sir Henry Clinton, or on both; or on Admiral Graves, or on all. But it would soon be discovered; their dirty literary engines would be set to work, and calumny would come forth in all the insidious garbs that inventive malice could fuggefh They would place the blame any where, but in the right place; in their own weakness, obstinacy, inhumanity or treason. To some one of these. causes the blame was to be attributed, and not to any failure in the execution of their plans. Two years fence, a right honourable friend of his had moved the House, that oar troops should be withdrawn from America, under a firm perfuafeon, that the French troops joined to the Americans, would be irresistible; and that left to themselves, their jealously of one another, and their pafeions might be favourable to Great - Britain. The motion was rejected, because, oh ! it was not posseble that the Americans could suffer a French army to enter into their provinces ! So little did his Majesty’s Ministers know of the intentions, or of the disposetion of the people with whom they were at war. The event now confirmed the idea of his right non. friend, whose military knowledge of the Colonies would not be disputed. Now then, put a period to thfc

contest. The French and the Americans are joined; - *

the French and the Americans have taken an army. There was no part of the unfortunate disaster at York - town so portendous as that circumstance, or that gave him so much concern. It led to more fatal consequences than the lo. fs of

D 2 ftven

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

reduced us from the splendor, and theftrength, and thehap -

piness which wc enioyed, to the disgrace, the weakneis, and the danger into which we flood at present, yet dared to comp forward, and tell the representatives of the people of England, that they were not yet satisfied; that they had not yet done enough; that they determined to perseverein the American war, and to spend more of the treasure, and lavish tnore of the blood of these very people, although there was a general clamour against it, and out of that House the loudefl disapprobation was expressed, and the mofl direct condemnation of the system.

There was one tiling which he must take notice of : the honourable gentleman who had made the motion had been unadvised, He had lavished part of that oratory in an attack which was all necdlary to defence. He advised him to husband his abilities, and reserve them all for the defence of the ministry below him, rather than wade them in attacking the ooposition. He had charged them with expressing joy at the triumphs of America, It would have been becoming in him to have had one quality of youth, candour, on the occasion, and to have stated fairly what he rhofe to repre - sent. It was true he had said in a former session, that it was his sincere opinion that if the ministry had succeeded in their full feheme on the liberties of America, the liberties of this country would have been at an end; and thinking this ( as he did ) in the sincerity of an honest heart, he was pleased with the reliftance which they had met to their attempt. If the honourable genltcman had thought the fame thing, if he had joined him in the opinion that ministry, if they had succeeded in their first attack upon America, would afterwards have succeeded in a attack upon Britain; he no doubt would have wished fucceis to American refiftnnee, at least if he had been an honest man, he would This was his opinion, it had always been foj he might be wrong, but he from his heart believed it; and he called upon the honourable gentleman, when he n. xt mentioned the assertion, to take notice also, as in candour he ought, of the opinion that accompanied it. The great and glorious statesman, whose memory every gentleman would revere ( the Earl of Chatham ) entertained this opinion in the very commencement of the dispute 1 and feeling for the liberties of his native country, thanked God that America had refilled the claims of this Country, But C€ all the calamities W ' erc to be aferibed to th ? wi ( hc$j an4 the joy, and the speeches of opposition. "

Qh

Ji. i7 t. - DEBATES.

Oh miserable and unfortunate mini dry ! Oh blind and incapable men ! whole measures are fra red with lb little forelight, and executed with lb little firmness, that they not only crumble to pieces, but brin on the ruin of their country, merely because one rash, weak, or wicked man in the House of Commons makes a speech against them 1 Oh, what miserable datefmen mud these be, who frame their measures in so weak and wretched a manner as to make no provision for the contingencies of fortune, n > r for the rash passions; and say, if it pleases the House, the wicked passions of men ! Could they expert that there would be no ralh, no weak, no wicked men in this kingdom $ or were they so rash, so weak, and so wicked, as to contrive measures of such a texture that the intervention of any unforeseen circum - fiance broke them to pieces, and with their failure destroyed the empire of which they had the government I It was said against administration, that they had no responsibiliry. People desired to know who was the minister, and who was answerable for the iniquitous measures of government ? The ministry felt the difficulty of the question, and hesitated a long time in the answer; but at lad, having found out an expedient, they exclaimed in triumph, Oh, yes, responsibility I to be fare there mud be responsiblity ! there are persons accountable to the people for the measures of government F Who are they. ? "The persons, " reply theminidry, " are re - fponfible, who have always opposed our measures. " This was the drange and the ridiculous manner in which they argued, and in which they endeavoured to ( huffie themselves out of Tefpondbility which they knew to be lb dangerous If thefy had succeeded, they would have taken all the credit and an the praise to themselves; but because they have failed, their throw the blame upon those men who endeavoured to prevent the calamities by dopping the causes; they threw it upod the men who saw them in their career to a dreadful preci pice, determined to throw themselves from the immeasurable height, caretefs of the death that mud enlbe from dafliingon _ the rocks and plunging into the sea below, and who endea voured in vain to flop them in this mad intent. They. seized us upon the brink, say minidry, and by their efforts to dop Us prevented us from taking the glorious leap which we had x intended : if they had differed us to dash into the abyss without moledation, then we should have been happy. — When this fort of language was held, he had always treated it with silent ridicule ;, and if he had now given it any

12

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

. serious reception, he begged the House to pard6n him; it was unintentionally if he had, for it merited nothing but ridicule anti contempt.

The honourable gentleman who had seconded the motion said, that "the House had impatiently heard narratives of the American war, and of the measures that had led to; it, and he trusted that there would be no more retrospective censure in the present moment, " Impatiently ! Had the House heard them impatiently ! Mi -; nifters must bear to hear them again, and on that day they ( must hear them; that was the day when the representatives, of the people must re - call to the ears of his Majesty’s ministers the disgraceful and ruinous measures that had brought us to this state. They must hear of them not only here, but he trusted, that by the aroused indignation and vengeance of an injured and undone people, they must hear of them at the tribunal of justice, and expiate them on the public icafFold. He saw an honourable gentleman smile at the word scaffold, [ the Lord Advocate of Scotland ], What did not the learned gentleman think that it was yet time for ' punishment ) Had they not in his imagination done enough, or had they more calamities to inflict, more negligence to exemplify, or rather more treachery to complete ? What was the learned gentleman’s opinion } When did he think the hr moment would arrive, when fufFering would be supineness, and retribution be just ! It was his opinion that the; day was now approaching, it was at hand, when the public would no longer submit nor the ministry escape. Their conduct was unprecedented in aoy age or in any hii - tpry; it beggared the records of nations : for in all the annals of kingdoms ruined by weakness, or ruined by treachery, there was not an instance so glaring as the present, of a country ruined by a set of men, without the confidence, the love, or the opinion of the people, and who yet remained secure amidst the storms of public disaster. The honourable gentleman, who had seconded the motion, had called lor unanimity. He demanded to know if they meant to insult that ftde of the House when they asked for unanimity, and designed to continue the American war. They had ©pposed it from its commencement; they had opposed it in all its progress; they had warned, supplicated, and threatened; they had predicted every event, and in no one instance ' had they failed in predicting the fatal consequences that had enlued from their obstinaev or from their treafoa.

DEBATES.

K1781.

| f in a moment like the present, a moment of impending ruin, men who loved their country could have any comfort, be confessed he must fed it as a comfort and eonfolation, that when the history of this dreadful period should come to be written by a candid and impartial man, he must proclaim to posterity, that the friends with whom he had the honour to act were not to be charged with the calamities wfyftem. In justice to them he must declare, that they did all that men could do to avert the evils, to direct them to a more safe and honourable track, but they failed in their anxious endeavours to save their country. Thus much at leaf ! the historian would : say, and they would be exempted from ( haring the condemnation, though they must suffer the calamity in common with the rest of their unhappy fellow - subjects.

The honourable gentleman had told us, that we must not defpood; and at the same time he had given us a picture of our situation, which he confessed to be more serious than pleating. He talked hope to the ear, put he had spoken idpondency to the heart. This was his fenous picture, and a most serious one it was. You are now suffering these things from measures the most wife, the most prudent, the most necessary, executed with firmness and with fore - light, and in a cause the most just and upright. Was it so ! then how much farther distant from despondency was the picture which he would give than this serious, but not defending, picture of the honourable gentleman. I cannot, fays the honourable gentleman, express my sentiments of the situation of this country better than by applying to it the ad - dress of the celebrated orator, Demofthcnes, to the Athenians. " I should ( fays he ) dejeft and despair, I should consider your situation as dcfolate and irreparable, if I did not re - deft that you have been brought to this state by Weak and improvident measures, and by weak and treacherous men. If your affairs had been managed wifely, if your operations had been firm and steady, and after all you had been reduced to this situation, 1 should have indeed despaired of deliverance; but as you have been reduced by weak and by bad men, I trust you may be recovered by wife and by upright governors. Change your fyHem and you may yet flou - rish; persevere, and you must be ruined. " This was exactly his opinion of the present situation of this country : If their cause had been just and virtuous if their measures bad been wife and vigorous, if their ministers had been

. capable

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

capable and zealous, and after all we had been brought 8 our present situation, he should have despaired of deliv *

, ranee; but as it was there were yet hopes, by substitutiq a just and a virtuous system in lieu of the present oppress and disgraceful one, by substituting wife and Vigorous met fores in room of the present ridiculous and impotent scheroa by substituting activity and zeal in the place of indolend and treachery, and by changing in short the whole plan an conduit of government. It was not his motive for this act vie that he withed to succeed to those places of trust; be fin - cerdy wished their present possessors good of them; the ) had rendered the offices of trust and power most unenviable to men Who loved their honour, and whose only object it accepting them would be to promote the splendour, tb security, and the happiness of this country. Let them, it, the name of Heaven, enjoy the emoluments for which thej have lavished so much $ and if our ruin must be accom pfished, let it be completed by the fame baneful hands.

The honourable gentleman exhibited two pictures of this country; the one representing Herat the end of the lad glorious war, the other at the present moment. At the end of the last war this country was raised to a most dazzling heighth of splendour and respelL The French marine was in a manner annihilated, the Spanish rendered contemptible; the French were driven from America; new sources of commerce were opened, the old enlarged; our influence extended to a predominance in Europe, our empire of the ocean established and acknowledged, and our trade filling the ports and harbours of the wondering and admiring world. Now mark the degradation and the change. We have now loft thirteen provinces of America, we have loft several of our islands, and the rest are in danger; We havW loft the empire of the sea, we have loft our respect abroad and our unanimity at home; the nations have forsaken us, they fee us distra&ed and ob - ftinate, and they leave us to our fate. Coiintly ! " This was your husband; this is your husband. " This was your situation, when you were governed by whig ministers and by whig measures, when you were warmed and instigafed by a just and a laudable cause, when you were united and impelled by the confidence which you had in your ministers, and when they again were strengthened and emboldened by your ardour and enthusiasm. This is your situation, when you are under the conduct of tory mist fters and a tory system, when you are disunited, difheartcned,

fjStm d e b a nr £. s.

sted have neither confidence in yonr ministers nor union among yourselves. When your cause is unjust and your conductors are either impotent or treacherous. He said, that Vic should not go into a minute detail of all the transactions of rainifters in this accursed war, but only trace them through ctie leading features, which would shew the plan and fyftan that they pursued. They commenced war against America after that country had offered the fairest proportions, ajid extended her arms to receive us into the closest and scared connexion. They did this contrary to their own sentiments of what was right, but they were over - ruled by that high and secret authority which they durst not disobey, sad from which they derived their situations; they were ordered to go on with the American war or quit their places. They preferred emolument to duty, iod kept their oftcnfiblo power at the expence of their country. To delude the Parliament and the people, they then delbribed the contest to be a mere fqqabble. It was not America with whom we had to contend; it was only Hancock and his crew : A handful of men would march triumphant from one end of the continent o the other. This was the language founded in that House, and for this language a learned member of it was exalted to the dignity of a peer, and enrolled among the hereditary council of the realm, ( he meant Lord Loughborough ). He was thus rewarded for no other merit that he could ever discover but that of vehemently abuling our fellow subjects in America, and calling their oppofilion the war of Hancock and his crew.

Having by misrepresentation deluded the Parliament into the contest, they endeavoured to continue the deluiion by promising the country gentlemen a revenue from America, This, like all the rest of their fictions, was what they did not themselves believe, but it was necefl ' ary to the occasion. They saw the French railing an armament in their ports; great preparations were evidently making, which demanded the notice and the inquiry of the British Ministry long be - fore they openly professed this resolution to support the in dependence of America. What did our Ministry do ? they suffered thele armaments to go on, they came down day after day, and professed that France was friendly in her dispost tions; nay, after they knew that the proportions were hostile against Britain; that they were intended to rdift us in our attempts upon America when it was no longer in the power of ministry to conceal the irksome truth, and when they ' were

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

were galled with what tiras told them of it in that House they adjourned it for a considerable time, just previous to the conclusion of the treaty between France and America. Why did they do all this ? becaufeif they had not they mud have been forced to go to war with France at a much earlier period than they did, which they could not have done without giving up the American war; the object of their ambition, because the parent of their fortune, and the tenor on which they held their power. They had wilfully and positively plunged this country into a war with France, with Spain, and with Holland, by a treacherous acquief - cence with the deligns of France for the mere Jove and attachment that they had to the American war. If they had crushed the preparations of France in their infancy; if they had called her to a peremptory account before their naval equipments were matured; would any man breathing say, or suspect that the French would have dared to act as they did, or presume to go to war with the whole strength of this country, undivided, unweakened, by the prosecution of a road war against her Colonies ? Surely not. But they pursued

another policy. He would not say that he believed they were paid by France; it was not possible fqr him to prove the fa£l; but he would venture to say, that they deserved to be paid by the grand monarque, for they had served him more faithfully, and more successfully than ever ministers served a matter. If the French king heaped treasures upon their heads; if he exhausted his Exchequer to enrich them; if he even drained his resources for their fake, he purchased the aggrandizement of his kingdom at an easy rate; for they bad done more for its permanent advantage, more towards the accomplishment of the grand object of French ambition, that of universal monarchy, than all the preceding admini - strations that ever France had employed, nay more than all the little atchievements of Louis le Grand. He, in his aim to acquire universal monarchy, grasped only at the conquest or the purchase of a few barrier towns, and by purluing this impolitic means, had exasperated and routed Europe against him. But the present system of France had been more deeply and more fagaciously laid. If there should be a deliberation between ti. e king of France and his subjects on the best means of extending and establishing the projected univer/al monarchy; what would be the tenor of their conversation ? Wemuft, the king would say, weaken and destroy our grand and moil formidable rival, Great - Britain. I o be sure, reply the subjects; but this cannot be done without diqiinishing

A. 1781; DEBATES. IJ

and exhausting ourselves. Yes, fays the king; we shall not strike a blow; we will make them cut and mangle one another; we will employ our ministers; those ministers who are paid by Great Britain for doing our business, to go to war with their matter’s subject and destroy themselves. This accordingly is done. The prime minitter of France, whom, fays the honourable gentleman, I now fee fitting overagainst me, goes to war with America for the maintenance of rights of trifles that were never disputed, and rcunains deaf and blind to the calamities and the intreaties of the people. Oh ! but, say the subjects of France, Britain will triumph if we do not interfere. Then, fays the monarch, we shall interfere; after deluding these men "with empty unmeaning professions, which no creatures but themselves would believe; we will come in at the critical moment to give the finishing stroke to American independence. All this will be great, will be matterly; the subjects would reply : Britain will be weakened; but by this we shall only have an equal share in the circulating commerce of America : Nay, we shall do more fays the king, we shall conciliate the affections of America $ we will conclude a treaty with America, and by being in - strumental to her independence, incline her by obligations to a preference in favour of France. " All this may be supposed to have occuried between the king Of France and his subjects, and still farther it might have been said, that in order to complete the design of establishing an universal monarchy they mutt destroy thp other rival powers of Europe; the naval powers were the most to be dreaded, and, after Britain of these naval powers the Dutch were the first to be overthrown. How could they do that without weakening themselves } Why, replies the king of France, how but by in - ftigatingour faithful servants, the ministers of Great - Britain, to go to war with their nearest, dear eft, and best friends the Dutch. True, their interests are inseparable; they are like the right hand and the left of one immense and terrible body % by a brotherly combination of strength and action they are irreflftible, and the House of Bourbon mutt fall before them $ but divide them, nay, not only separate, but set them to tear one another, and they will crumble before us. To do this would be i in practicable with any other set of men; but nothing is impossible for those ministers in the lcale of ab - furdity or madneis to attempt. Thi > would no doubt be - said, and what must be the astonishment, what the feelings, what the transportof Frenchmen, when they perceived Bri - Vol. V. D tain

. PARLIAMENTARY A, i78r,

tain go to war. with the Dutch without a cause, for he declared he never yet could discover a cause for which we went tp war with that power, forgetting all the interests, all the policy, and all the connexion by Which we had ever been and ought always to be guided with respect to her What must have been the exultation of Frenchmen, when they saw the fleets of Admiial Parker and Admiral Zoutman; fleets that ought never to have m : t in any Tea but on terms of friendship, meet to tear one another to pieces; in short, it was iinpoilible for any set of men, however well inclined they might be to favour the interests of France, to serve her more effectually than his Majesty’s ministers had done; and vet we were constantly hearing the ministry exclaim against the perfidy of France : they made his Majesty, from the throne, speak in the fame stile of the restless ambition, and the perfidy of France. He exceedingly wished, that as wc could not give them hard blows, we would be decent enough not to give them hard words : but it was the falhion of his Majesty’s ministers; they loved to talk in bitter terms. Bur why was the perfidy of France so bitterly inveighed against ? Was that any thing new ? Was the treachery of France of a late date, or her enmity to this country, or her desire to weaken us, or her restless ambition ? They were all established as axioms in politics; and none but the present statcfmen would have futfered themselves to be deluded by professions to the contrary, however speciously they might be made, especially when there was mconteftible evidence against them, in the picparjtfions which they were making in all their polls.

. The honourable gentleman who had seconded the motion, had strongly called for unanimity, and afterwards recommended the prosecution of the American war. Were the Ministry confident enough to expe < 5l that there could be unanimity on that i ' ubje& ? Had they not, from the outlet, declared their firm Unequivocal abhorrence of it ? Hud they not declared and predicted what had come to pass ? Had they not by every argument and means which respe&ful zeal could suggest, called upon, urged, and instigated them to put an end to a war which could only be productive of ruin and disgrace. Every period of it had been marked with disaster, and the last misfortune was such, as took away the final hope, even of the most violent abettors of the war. The honourable gentleman had said, that we could not blame the unfortunate and gallant Lord who commanded the brave army in Virginia; that wc must receive him with praises;

{Of

A. i7St « DEBATES.

for vi < 5h > rics had been the preludes to the surrender of his army. He would join that gentleman in bellowing the warmefi prailes on that noble Earl; for not to him did he impute the disaster, hut to the Ministry, by whose savage obstinacy he was ordered ' to persevere in an expedition against the evidence both of fact and reason. But had not all the transactions of this war been of the lame fort ! Had not all the generals been brave, and ali unfortunate ! The conquest of Ticondcrago had concluded in the surrender of Saratoga. The victory of Brandywine had ended in the recall of Sir William Howe; and the battle of Camden in the capitulation at York. It had been with Ear ] Cornwallis as it was with General Burgoyne.

" The paths of glory led but to the grave. *

It had always happened so, and it mult always happen so in the prolccudon of this disastrous war. Gen. Burgoyne had been brave; Gen. Burgoyne had failed; and Gen. Burgoyne had been reviled, persecuted, and proferibed; so had Gen. Sir William Howe; lo, perhaps, in his turn, would the brave and unfortunate Earl Cornwallis. Though he did not know where these cand - : d men intended to fix the blame; whether upon Lord Cornwallis, or on Sir Henry Clinton, or on both; or on Admiral Graves, or on all. But it would foonbe discovered; their dirty literary engines would be set to work, and calumny would come forth in all the insidious garbs that inventive malice could suggest. They would place the blame any where, but in the right place; in their own weakncls, oWtinacy, inhumanity or treason. To some one of these. causes the blame was to be attributed, and not to any failure in the execution of their plans. Two years lince, a right honourable friend of his had moved the House, that onr troops should be withdrawn from America, under a firm perliiafion, that the French troops joined to the Americans, would be irrcliftible; and that left to themselves, their jealouly of one another, and their passions might be favourable to Great - Britain. The motion was reje&ed, because, oh ! it was not possible that the Americans could fuller a French army to enter into their provinces I So little did his Majesty’s Ministers know of the intentions, or of the disposition of the people with whom they were at war. The event now confirmed the idea of his right hon. friend, whose military knowledge of the Colonies would not be disputed. Now then, put a period to th6

contest. The French and the Americans are joined; - *

the French and the Americans have taken an army. There was no part of the unfortunate disaster at York - town so portendous as that circumstance, or that gave him so much Concern. It led to more fatal consequenees than the lo. fs of ' D 2 fcvea

0 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1. 781.

seven thousand men. The circumstance of this conquest being accomplished by the combined army of French and Americans, would fupcrinduce a claim of acknowledgment, and of gratis tude, that would tie the two people together in an alliance of iriendship, and give rife to commercial connexions, which would ( hut out the only profjiex that remained for this country of re - establi filing a friendiy intercourse with America, and having the benefit of her trade. Some of the persons belonging to his Majestyh council were not so sanguine as others. Some, for whom he entertained respect, as private gentlemen, were not so, sanguine as to believe, that if the people of America were really determined against us, we could ever reduce them to obedience. One of these, for whom he had great respex, a right honourable gentleman on the floor ( Mr, Rigby ) said, upon the capture of Charles - town, that if that event did not produce fortunate concisions in our favour, he should despair of success, and be ready to acknowledge, that it was an improper and mad thing to continue the contest. Now then, he called upon the right honourable gentleman to stand up, and in the face of the world aX up to his promises, for it now was proved, that the capture of Charles - town had concluded in the surrender of an army. Had any other conference risen from it ? No; none. The right honourable gentleman, who professed to be open, and dif - dained the insidious dealing of saying one thing one day, and another the next, just as it might suit the occasion, would rife, therefore, he trusted, and call upon his Majesty/s Ministers to put an end to this war.

There was one circumstance in the conduX and language both of the Ministers and of men of all parties, which he could not help taking notice of; it was, that amidst all their sorrow for the loss of Earl Cornwallis and his brave army, there was one thing which gave them great consolation, and for which they were grateful : it was, that our fleet had not ventured to fight the enemy. Hear it, Mr. Speaker, fays the honourable gentleman; it is a source of joy, new in die history of Britain, that we rejoice on the occasion of one of our fleets not venturing to meet and fight the enemy. To this even were we reduced, and our joy on the circumstance was well - founded. The honourable gentleman who seconded the motion had given great praise to Earl Cornwallis, and justly so, as he had already said; but in his opinion, the most brilliant part of the noble Earl’s conduX was, that even in the miaft of his embarrassment, in the very moment of peril, when he ex - peXed every hour to be assaulted, and himself, with the whole grmy ? to be put to the fvyordj he retained and expressed the

21

A. 1781. - DEBATES.

> purest patriotism and love for his country in the anxiety which he shewed for the safety of the fleet ! 44 Do not venture to relieve

■ me; my fate is determined; do not decide the fate of our

■ country by including yourselves in the disaster. " But, indeed, the whole conduct of Jx > rd Cornwallis was great and distin - guished; while enterprize, activity, and expedition was wanted, no man had more of these qualities. At last, when prudence became necessary, he took a station which, in any former period of our history, would have been a perfect asylum. He planted himself in York and Gloucester, and preserved a communication with that which used to be the country nd the dominion of Great - Britain; a communication with the sea. It used to be the country of an English commander, to which he could retire with safety, if not with fame. It used to be the country in which he was invincible, whatever might be his strength on shore. Here it was that Earl Cornwallis was stationed on the borders of Great - Britain, and by which he preserved a communication with New - York, nay, with the city and the port of London. But even this was denied him 5 for the ocean was no more thfe country of an Englishmen, and the noble Lord was blocked up, though planted on the borders of the sea; nay, was reduced even to thank God, that a British fleet did not attempt his refeue. He said, he was far from meaning to in - /Inuate that Admiral Graves was in fault; the ah left commander in the universe would have acted as he did, even Lord Hawke; the great and the gallant Lord Hawke, whose name he might now use with reverence, as he was no more ( for it was not the fashion to venerate living authorities ); and whose memory would ever be held dear, as the father of the British navy, would have a < sted in the same manner. He who lived during the lplendor of the British navy, and who perhaps was happy to retire that he might not live in its decline; even he would have added in the same manner. The hon. gentleman said he had taken a good d ? al of pains to inquire; he had conversed with the ablest officers on thesubjedt; and he had it in his power to do so, ( for all the ablest officers Were on shore, ) and they declared unanimously, that it would have been madness in Admiral Graves to have ventured to attack the French fleet in their position in the Chcfapeak; that it could not have been done without the utmost risk of losing the whole fleet, as well as the army that was on board. How different was this from what it used to be in the English navy. In former wars to meet an enemy and to fight, to command a squadron and to vanquish, was the fame thing. A British admiral knew not what it was to retreat from a French squadron, or be apprehenflve of engaging them. But this, among other things, ' the Earl of Sandwich had introduced into

C.

FARLIAMtNTARY A. 1781.

the service of Great - Britain. He had made it an essential part of the duty of an English Admiral to run away from an enemy .; He, that first lord of the Admiralty, who had declared in his place, in the House of Peers, that he deserved to lose his head if he ever failed to have a fleet equal to the combined naval power of France and Spain. He had forfeited the penalty of his ’ bond; the Earl of Sandwich had forfeited his head, for the Earl of Sandwich had not a fleet in any quarter of the world equal to that of the House of Bourbon. In America, the British squadron, under Admiral Graves, amounted to twenty - five fail of the line. The French squadron, under De Grasse, to thirty - five fail; in America then we were unequal. In th§ Weft - Indres a decided superiority against us had been manifested j by the occurrences of the campaign. We had loll the island of Tobago; a large Spanish squadron was now triumphant in those seas, unopposed by any British force, whatsoever, capable and ready to do what they pleased. True; we had taken a defeneeless island, and disgraced ourselves by the capture; a capture productive of no good ( no national good he meant, for undoubtedly the conquerors would have benefited by the plunder ) and by which we had brought upon our name and arms the greatest lBgma that could fall upon an enlightened nation, that of barbarity. j

In the Weir - Indies then we were inferior, and so inferior that there was not a man of any experience or of knowledge; who did not tremble for the safety of our dearest possessions in ] those Teas. Unequal in those two places, it might be thought j that our great superiority was employed in some exploit in I another part of the world. Where ? how ? was it in Europe

In Europe, the Channel fleet did not at any time confirf of more than 27 ships of the line, and the combined fleets amounted to 47 fail, and blocked up the mouth of the English Channel; claimed the proud dominion of the Teas on our coasts, and took within our view a valuable and a numerous fleet of traders.

It ) the English Channel, then, we were inferior. But perhaps in the Northern Teas there was a great commanding squadron to overcome or to destroy the Dutch marine. Was there so ? Admiral Parker met and fought the enemy with an inferior force, and there was a circumstance occurred in this part of our naval management which gave a most striking piChire of the Admiralty system. After Admiral Parker had written home to inform the Board that the Dutch squadron was much larger than they had given him to understand or expect, they dispatched a cutter to him with the intimation that there were two ships 1 lying at Harwich, fully equipped and ready for sea at an hour ’ s

notice.

4

C,

A. 1781.. DEBATES.

- notice which be might have if he deftred them. In ( lead of lending these ships, in consequence of the information which the Admiral had given them, they sent a cutter, and loft the opportunity. Admiral Parker met the Dutch fleet in the mean time, and fought without the addition of these ships, by which, perhaps, and indeed in all probability, he would have procured a decisive victory, and have destroyed or maimed the Dutch force for the rest of the war. But by this igndrant, treasonable con -. dust, instead of a victory, there was only a drawn battle. But perhaps wc had been superior in the Mediterranean, and in the Baltic. No; in the Mediterranean we diu ft not even attempt, to relieve an invested island \ the island of Minorca; —nor re~

, lieve a blockaded garrison; the garrison of Gibraltar; two places that were always hitherto considered to be of the iaft importance. — In the Baltic, we had given up the right of lighting, even when attacked; wc mud not dare to fire a gun in the Baltic. In the European seas, then, we had been unequal to the enemy in all the operations of the campaign. In the East - Indies we were not superior to the enemy. He had heard in the King’s speech, of the prosperous stateof affairs in the East, but he profeiled ho knew of no prosperity in that quarter. — Was there any news of conquest, or of advantage, or even of rfcape, come from the East ? It was a hidden secret to every body with whom he converted; and he believed, was to be, found no where but in the King’s speech. In every corner of the world thus are wc inferior to the enemy; and yet, with a fleet diminished and inferior, rendered still more weak by the infamous manner in which it is directed. —After the present disaster to our arms in V irginia, with the lame men to conduct, and what is worfc, with the fame system, are wc, the representatives of the people of Great - Britain, called upon to addreis the Crown, and promise to support his Majesty in the fame pu. r - suit that hath brought us to this state.

In giving this detail of our situation, he had avoided entering 1 into the minute and subordinate measures of government. He had f confined hirafelf merely to the leading features of this management, and of our situation •, and though he had not enumerated ourdomeftic grievances, he by no means forgot or despised them. There was one grand domestic evil, from which all our other evils, foreign and domestic, had sprung. The influence of the Crown. To the influence of the Crown we must attribute the lofcof the army in Virginia; to the influence of the Crown we must attribute the loss of the thirteen provinces of America; for it was the influence of the Crown intfie two Houses of Parliament,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781. '

men£ that enabled his Majesty ' s Ministers to perfcvere agair. ft the voice of reason, the voice of truth, the voice of the people. This was the grand parent spring from which all our misfortunes flowed. But itill, as he had ( hid before, this picture of our situation was more distant from dejection than the serious picture of the honourable gentleman who spoke before him; for all these calamities were connected with the fyltem, and the men in power. Change the one in tand remove the other, and you would purify the fountain - head, by which all the flood was contaminated.

He called upon the House to know whether they were Bill ready to go on with this accursed and abominable war. He called upon them as the representatives of the people, and not as the creatures of the Minister, to do their duty; to execute the trust reposed in them, and to a & up to the sentiments that they really felt. Did they really believe that we could ever conquer America ? He desired them to lay their hands upon their hearts, ( and proclaim in the presence of God and men, whether they I thought that all the power of Britain, ( trained and exerted, was equal to the talk. He would leave the question to this confci - 1 entious test, and he would venture to say, that if no man, but t he who thought the contrary of this, would presume that night t to vote for the Address, the Minister would be left in the ( mailed ! j minority that was ever known in that House; nay, he believed, in his foul, that the Minister himself would vote against the war. Were they determined ralhly and vehemently to goon ? Had they not done enough for the Minister, and was it not now sufficicnttime to do something for their conilituents ? In his own opinion, no address whatsoever should be sent up to the throne, until they had an opportunity of going down to their conllituents, and conlulting with them on the matter. They, and they only, were to pay for the continuance of the war, and it was fit and necessary that they should give their instructions : But though this was his own immediate opinion, he was willing to take a j more gentle course, for he desired unanimity as much as thei honourable gentleman who spoke before him; and therefore he would move to amend the motion for the Address, by the fubili - tution of a clause, in the room of a great part of that now in the hand of the Speaker. The violent epithets and abuse again ! ! the French, though he did not approve of them, were yet become so familiar to the House, and the Minillry were become so much in love with them, perhaps uling them to conceal their, good offices in a more substantial way, that he did not very earnestly object to them. The part to which he could not

agree

A. 17 81. D £ B A T E S.

agree was all that which went to the continuance of the American war, and which was couched in the most cunning and in - iidious language. The amendment which he should propose would give his Majesty the assurance of their loyalty and zeal, and would promise in a more effectual way to support the eftential rights and permanent interests of his empire He concluded with moving, that after the first paragraph in the motion, concluding with the words, w diligent exertion to restore the public tranquility, " there should be inserted this sentence, in lieu of all the rest : r

And we will, without delay, apply ourselves with united hearts to propose and digell such counsels as may in this crisis; excite the efforts, point the arms, and by a total change of system command the confidence of all his Majesty s Aibjects. "

Mr. Minchin seconded the motion or amendment It was absolutely necessary now to become serious; we had too long dealt in the language of flattery and falsehood. The Addreis now moved for was founded on the basis of flattery, and not of truth. It was calculated to deceive and mislead his Majesty into a belief that the people were favourable to the American war, and willing to support him irt the continuance of it. They were no such thing. They abhorred the war, and whatever Ministers might say 5 nay, whatever their adherents, the Members of that House might say, the people would not go on from year to year, draining their blood and treasure in the prosecution of a war which they heartily condemned both in the principle and prtA - gress. For, fays he, while we are going on with this danger ous and expennve war, without honour, and without advantage, we are increasing a sum, already above two hundred miU lions, by an addition of two - and - thirty for the expence of the current year. Where arc we to stop ? Are there no bounds j no moderation; no discretion with regard to expence ? Thu Minister congratulates himself that our taxes, however nu hierous, are not burdensome; - they are laid upon luxuries, and not upon necessaries. But whatever is taxed in a commercial country must terminate with necessaries. Misfortunes cannot teach; ruin cannot correct the obstinacy of Ministers it de serves a harsher name than obstinacy. We have seen our fleets disgracefully running before the French fleet, or cooped within the chops of the Channel. He said, he had the highest opinion of the bravery of Admiral Darby, nor did he mean to throw the most trifling censure upon him. Indeed he believed that he a£U ed as the greatest prudence directed, and in the only sure manner for the welfare of that fleet which was under his command. It VoIm V. E was

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781 *

was not to him that we were to attribute the disgraceful mockery of the last campaign. With an inferior fleet j a fleet so very inferior to that of the enemies, he could only consult the safety of his country by avoiding an engagement. To that wretched system of Admiralty management, which had reduced the fleet to what it v/as, we mull attribute the disgraccs of the last carp - paign. That system which had driven so many brave and able officers from the service, and which had distracted and infiilteti those that remained; that system of which the Earl of Sandwich was the patron, and ought to be tho victim. It was not enough that they should by mismanagement and injustice; by feeicing only the increase of parliamentary influence in the promotions which were given, and the appointments that were; made, by substituting in the room of fair and jpft ceconomy, plans of unwise parsimony in the dock - yards, and driving by that means into the service of our enemies the ablest mechanics in the yards; and by the fame plans introduced into the ships driving also to foreign countries the most serviceable petty officers, who were the belt acquainted with the discipline and manoeuvring of our fleets; by which we had taught the enemy our art of building as well as of conducing our ships. It was not enough by thele means to weaken, to reduce, and to distnuft the navy; but this little diminished and divided force must also want the benefit of wife, able, and vigilant direction; for though they lavished immense sums in secret service money they yet procured no article of foreign intelligence; no circum - 1 stance of useful information. While Frenchmen were found Tiardy enough to dare death and infamy with all their concomitant terrors, we had no one to give us any account of any manoeuvre of the enemy; of any project which might take placet or any scheme which was intended to be effected. Our war, as it was deficient of ap end, was also wanting of a system. This circumstance was clearly and most curiously proved in the course of the last summer, when the French and Spanish fleets appeared at the mouth of the Channel, without the Mbiiftcfs knowing any thing of the matter. When it was published in one of the newspapers they denied the fa&; their adherents Were employed to contradict : it, and though the paper persisted in its information, they continued obstinately ignorant : Nay, the Admiral commanding at Plymouth, sent tidings pi the fact to Bristol, and lent the news lor the safety of the trade, and that the merchant might have the means of preventing many ’ captures; it was a most Angular fa < ft, that the naval Com - inander at Bristol, oft the day that received this intelligence

L,

27

A 1781. DEBATES.

fcwn Plymouth, received alfp an express from the Admiralty, informing him that it was no such thing, and that their Lord - I foips did not believe that the combined fleets were out of port.

j $0 much did they know of the transadions of our enemies and ! of the danger of the empire. The merchants Qf Bristol did as. they ought; they believed the letter of Lord Shuldham, and paid no regard to the intelligence of the Admiralty; they kept their vessels. in harbour, and saved them from the jaws of the tnemy. This was one glaring instance, put of many, of the extreme negligence, incapacity, ignorance, or treachery of the Admiralty. It fortunately happened for the deliverance of the country in this instance, that Providence interfered, and sent a tempeu to drive the enemy from our coasts. Another instance had occurred in the course of the campaign equally glaring, and in the issue more eventful. They sent Admiral Parker ouf to fight the Dutch with five ships, alluring him, that with that force he was much superior to the enemy, for tfyey \ycre so weak, unprovided, and incapable, that they could not lend out a iquadron equal to five ships of the line. After this another ship was ( ent to give him a great and decisive majority; another joined him by mere accident, the Berwick j and vet with all these, when the Dutch came out of the Tcxel, they proved to be much superior tq him; and in an engagement fought with all die ancient valour of the two nations, they parted on equal terms. Admiral Parker wrote home that he found they had been misinformed with respectto the force of the enemy, and retired from a situation in which he found it was vain to expert to do service to his country, {hough he might gain by his enterprise, immortal honour fur bimfolf. Such was the AdminiT stration of this naval Board, ar. d such was the conduct of the men with whon we were ftilj to intrust the moll important part of the strejigth of Britain. To this it was impossible that he could agree; and to this the Address, as proposed by the young gentleman on the opposite fide of the way, absolutely went.

He therefore seconded the amendment of his honourable friend.

The able and comprehensive speech which he had made, had precluded him from laving many things that he had intended $ and he should conclude, with a warm recommendation to the House, to adopt the amendment by which the system would be hanged, and the nation be saved.

Lord Mulgravs said he had not intended to have spoken, if circumstances, which were manifoft ! y fa lie, had not been ad - duced in argument. He said the honourable gentleman who {poke lait hut one had after ted, that all the men of any naval £ 2 eminence

l

1

9

Mu '.

8

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

eminence were on shore and unemployed. [ Mr. Fox said from 1 the other fide of the House, no, no; these were not his words. Lord Mulgrave exclaimed that they were his words, or his ineaning was to that effedL All the able officers were on fhoie; that was the expression, and he would abide by it. ] The contrary was the fad. In particular he could point out one Admiral who had carried the glory and honour of the British flag as far as it had ever been carried; though he was at this mo; - ment on shore, yet he was speedily to take again the com - 1 jmmd of the fleet in the West Indies. That Admiral would in 1 future be ranked among the first naval characters of ' this country. To argue from a loose expression uttered some years ago by Lord Sandwich in the House of Lords, and to bring it into debate now, was neither candid nor parliamentary. It was not possible for the House to know whether the words were correctly quoted or not, and therefore they had with that propriety and wildom, by which all their ( landing orders were framed and regulated, determined that no Member should bring up in de - 1 bate the words of any gentleman on a former day, much less bring up words spoken in another place. He averred that the noble Lord at the head of the naval department was not criminal in his condudf. He had acted throughout the whole of his admmiftrution with a real assiduity and vigour. He asserted that our navy was so far from being inferior in strength to the situation in which the noble Lord found it, that it was even superior to its boatled {fate in 1759; for, at this moment we employed no less than $18, 000 fcauien and marines on board the royal navy, a greater number than ever was employed at any former period of our history. He infilled that the noble Lord was by no means to blame, for not being able to make greater exertions, or producing more success $ the fault lay not with him; it was in the nature of our situation fighting combined powers, who dragged us to every quarter they pleased, having, from their superiority in numbers, the power of choosing in what quarter of the globe they should wage the war. But it was by the accumulation and strength of our enemies that we were inferior. The first fleet that Lord Sandwich had sent into the European seas, he averred, was superior to the enemy. The administrution of the Admiralty Board, that had preceded that r > f the noble Lord, had been too parsimonious; and the - effects of their parlimony were felt to this day j that parsimony was, in a great measure, the cause why our exertions were not greater by fca, as it operated upon the number of our ships. It had, increased much under the direction of the noble Lord at the

; head

A 1781 P E B A HP E S.

head of that department : and that too in contradiction to those very men who qow censure his conduct, and who desired the navy not to be increased from oeconomic motives. The parft - mony of that noble Lord whom he had praised so much, and the system then pursued with the concurrence of the opposition, the system of Lord Hawke, had crippled the Bridfh navy; and it was a well - known notorious and disgraceful fa&, that at the time of the contest about the Falkland Islands, we had not a fleet to send to sea. It was very true that the difference with America had deprived us of a considerable supply of naval stores, as well as of manners; but even with this disadvantage, such had been the exertions of the noble Lord, that the magazines had been, and were now plentifully stored. If the honourable gentleman chose to turn his great historical knowledge to the other fide of the question, he knew that he could prove to the satisfckStion of the House that we are not, nor ever were, equal to France in a naval contest, where France applied all her re - sources and strength to the railing of a navy. He asserted, that in the reign of king William, France was superior to us and Holland. In the reign of queen Anne it was like wife superior. To call this a disgraceful war was ungrateful and ungenerous. It was calamitous, but not disgraceful. It was a war in which the honour and spirit of the nation had been carried as high as at any period of our history. It was not unlike that mode of prophesying, which, though it had always the good fortune of proving false, yet had tended to add courage to our enemies : Facts which only wanted time to disprove themselves. Such as what we have frequently heard in these walls; the Germans will all desert, the English sailors will not tight against the Americans : How true these prophecies were time had evinced. With respect to the fa& mentioned by the honourable gentleman of the cutter that was dispatched to Admiral Parker, it was not correctIy nor candidly stated. When Admiral Parker wrote home that he suspected the Dutch force to be greater than the Admiralty had apprehended, a cutter was sent to inform him, that one ship, the Berwick, then in the North fcas, had orders to join him, which ( he accordingly did, and that there was another line of battle ship ling at Harwich, which he inigirt have if he liked. Was there any thing absurd, or negligent, or treacherous in this ? Would the honourable gentleman have had the Admiralty to fend the ship without knowing whether ( he was wanted or not ? He had thought proper to say thus much to defend the First Lord of the Admiralty against the afperfiorrs which had been thrown on him unjustly by the two honourable * 2 gentlemen

t

3 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

gentleman who had spoken before him. It was his sincere opinion, that the noble Lord was as honest a man and as able a naval Minister as ever filled that department.

Ad. K fprf. Admiral Keppel spoke a few words in answer to the noble Lord. He represended him for the vehement manner in which he had seized on a hasty expression of Mr. Fox, and thundered it out as an unjust aspersion on many brave and gallant officers now fighting the battles of their country, and whom it would, be base and disgraceful in any man to revile. There were officers in the service every way deserving the appointments which they, held, and he knew the honourable gentleman to be incapable of insulting them; but the noble Lord had ungenerously, and in his opinion uncandidly, taken up an expression delivered in a parenthcfis, and to which, he sincerely believed, no gentleman in the House applied the meaning given to it by the noble Lord buthimself. The noble Lord had said, that the first fleet which Lord Sandwich sent into the European seas to fight the French was superior to the enemy; he denied the fact; it was not true. It had been before this time advanced, and before this coatradicted. At the time of his court - martial, he had called upon the Admiralty Board to produce the official lift of the strength of the French fleet, which they refused to do; do it yet; produce that lift, fays the honourable Admiral with some warmth, and do not come here hazarding assertions, which, when called upon, you will not avow, and dare not, because you cannot prove ! The noble Lord had said, that the parsimony of Admiral Lord Hawke was the cause of our present weakness. He denied that also. Lord Hawke was ti uly, as Mr. Fox had said, the father of the British navy, and he had left the English fleet in a ilourishing condition; flourishing for a time of peace; and if the present First Lord of the Admiralty had done his duty; if he had faithfully and diligently applied the immense grants of Parliament to the increase of our navy, or had even ably directed, employed, and applied the naval force which he really pof - iefled, the misfortunes of this war would never have occurred. The last was the severe charge which he had to bring against the noble Lord; the misapplication of the force with which he was intrusted; and, if the House would call for the papers which he would point out, he pledged himself to prove to their conviction, what he averred upon h; s knowledge to be true.

LoH MvU Lord Mulgrave rose again, and maintained what he had said before, that Mr. Fox ' s expression was, " for all the able officers 4C are on shore. " These were the terms, and he had no way of collecting his meaning but from his words *

1 Mr,

A. 1781. DEBATES > 3 *

Air. Thomas Pitt said, that if the honourable gentleman r - ffb \ ( Mr. Fox ) had made use of unparliamentary language, in speak - ltt ' ing of what a noble Lord had said in the other House, he was sure he did not mean to infringe upon the orders of that House; but from the conviction, that whatever or wherever a gentleman speaks, it ought to be truth; and he must say, that it looked suspicious in rejecting to be tried by his own assertions. What ! was it honourable to take refuge in a parliamentary order against so serious a charge as the degradation, if not the ruin of the British navy, and with it the ruin of the British empire ? was this honourable, or did it look like conscious innocence and manly fortitude ? The noble Lord perilled in misrepresenting the honourable gentleman against the sense and candour of the House. The honourable gentleman had clearly and evidently said no more than, that many great, gallant, and experienced officers were on shore j driven from the service by the system of the Admiralty. Was it not the fa& ? But did this include a - charge against these officers who were employed ? By no means.

The honourable gentleman condemned the whole plan and conduct of Administration. They were engaged in a disgraceful pursuit, for they seemed to be actuated by the worst of motives.

He laid, that gentlemen ought not, for the trifling ambition of momentary greatness, the petty and insignificant baubles of fortune or situation, to press measures which must make them odious to posterity. In the page of the historian the laudably ambitious should expect his character. Ambition wa a public and a generous virtue : it studied and pursued the exaltation of its country; but theirs was not ambition; it was a passion of a nature too bale to be mentioned in that House. He conjured gendemen to consider the diminution of national honour. He conjured them by their private interest, which must come dimi - nished to their families. The motion for the Address {hewed, however, the torpidity of mind, which he feared did not promise to procure this consummatf on so devoutly to be wished.

The lucryrrur rerum did not touch them. He applied himself to the country gentlemen : but he declared, he looked upon it, that there was no public, no Parliament, or we could not go on without bringing to account those who have brought this country, to its present disgraceful situation.

He had no wish for a change of ministry : it was equal to him who were in that situation. He neither desired or would accept of trust. No matter what set of puppets worked the dftnal seene ! Whether one low little set of men on that fide of the House, or another low little set on this, while the system

remained,

t

3 *.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

remained, and the secret poisoning influence which it had begun with, and continued through the whole of the present reign. He declared to God, he hoped that the present Ministry might continue in their situation until they brought the affairs of this nation to that crisis which might be accompanied with the suitable reward, either of punishment or glory. For his part, be approved of the amendment; but he would nevertheless, should that amendment be carried, vote against the Address, as he thought it at once superfluou9 and improper to vote any Address. His Majesty has sent us his thoughts, and the House is to con - iider of theie thoughts. He declared for one, that he would not content to give one shilling of supply to support the present war; a war to which the country gentlemen had unfortunately given too much countenance. He requested the country gentlemen, therefore, to consider what could be done to retrieve the nation from its very calamitous situation. He was sure he was parliamentary in his conduct, for as a member of that House, he had ( he care of the public purse, and it was as much the province of a member of that House to take care of it as it was a preroga - j five of the Sovereign to declare war and proclaim peace.

In reply to what the noble Lord had laid, that it was a war more calamitous than disgraceful, he said, that in his opinion, it was both the one and the other; disgraceful in its principle, and calamitous in its progress. The honourable gentlemaft ( Mr. Fox ) had said, that we ought to go down to the people of England, and receive their instructions, before we pledged ourselves to the continuance of the war. This was exadfly his opinion, and what he begged leave to recommend. In a fortnight they might do this, and it was his sincere advice to withhold all supply till that was done.

Lord Worth. Lord North now arose, and in a ihort speech contended jhat the Address, in its original shape, without the amendment, ought to meet the unanimous concurrence of that JHouse. He adverted to what had fallen from Mr. Fox, that he believed his Majesty’s ministers received the pay of Ffance. [ Mr. Fox said across the House, that he did not say he believed, but that they could not act more for the interest of France if they did receive salaries from that kingdom. ] The honourable gentleman, fays the noble Lord, it seems, did not lay he believed it; I give nim credit; I am convinced he did not believe it, nor any man in the House, nor in the kingdom, could believe that his Majesty’s ministers received the pay of France. He would not follow the honourable gentleman through his very long enumeration of misfortunes, ari -

a. 781. debates.

sing, as he had said, from miscondufl, incapacity, ortrei - - chery. Whatever might be their abilities, he was convinced that his Majesty’s minlfters were Zealous in the ler - vics of their country; and if they had been wrong, it was error of judgement, and not of the heart. They had prosecuted the American war, not with the infamous de - lign stated by the honourable gentleman, of aggrandising the Crown at the efcpence of the constitption, and making the subjecti ilaves that the king might be despotic. This was not the purpose of ministers, nor was it the wish of his Majesty. If they had entertained this design; if they had desired to give the Crown an increase of power by American connexion, they had thrown away and rejected the opportunity. The Americans had no objection to submit to the authority of the Crowns they offered, and desired that they should remain obedient and loyal to the Crown \ but they obj ' sted to all dependence on ihc Parliament. They would suffer the King to reign in America without the interference of the legiila ? tyre. It was to the claims of the Parliament, and not to those of the sovereign, that they were adverse. It Was there ? fore highly unjust and injurious to say of minister9 that they had instituted and persevered in this war for the purpose of addin influcneeto the Crown : it was for the fake of the constitution; it was to prefciVe the supremacy of the Par - *

1 iament of Britain; to preserve their just rights and privi leges, that they had gone to war with the Colonies; and that they had maintained it amidst all the clamours and oppo - fition that they had met with in that House. They had looked forward to the unity of the British constitutiort, and had fprgbnc ihe offer of separating the King from his Parliament, and advancing one branch of the legislature to the dominion of America, independent gf the other two. Way not this the fa£i ? pid npt men know that the An c. r, can wifticd to be governed by tpc King and theif own assemblies; and that they went to war because. they would not be gQycri > ed by the legislature of Britain ? The argument therefore against the principle of the war was unfounded# The p. incipic was just, and confident with true policy, if it was true policy to preserve entire apd unbroken that old and venerable constitution of government, composed of King, Lords, and Commons, for which our fathers had bled, and Which Europe envied This was the principle; the principle vyas right; and bfi would always justjfy it in the faca of his King and his $ouptly. - Vol. Y. F But

3 *

parliamentary

But to come to the question. —It was objected to the Address, that it bound the House to the continuance of the American war. Th; s was a mistake : the Address did rtot pledge the House to the continuance of the American war, or 10 any form or shape, or size of it. The Address only declared ti his Majesty, that they would support the roeafure9 which should be undertaken, or continued, for the preservation of the tfiential rights and permanent interests of the empire. There was no word of continuing the American war : it was not mentioned in the Address at all. Gentlemeii were left at liberty to agree to or object to the future measures that should be proposed i all that they pledged themselves to was to act with vigour in supporting the elsential rights and permanent interests of the empire. It was the opinion of his Majesty’s ministers, and he trusted it would be the opinion of every man in the kingdom that we should, in the present moment of real and serious alarm, aft with the energy which was necessary to our deliverance. We haJ been unfortunate, and a melancholy dilafter had befallen out arms in Virginia; but tnuft we lie down and die > Mull we give up the conflvft, because we had failed in this particular instance, or because we had failed in other inllances ? « —No : it ought - to rouse us into action; it ought to impel, and urge, and animate us : for by bold and united txertions,. every thing might be saved; by dejection and defparr, every thing mult he loll. This was his opinion t rt was the opinion of his Majesty’s ministers; and they trusted that it would he the ©pinion of Parliament, and of the people. This was all that was declared in his Majesty’s speech; that neither the temporary inconveniences of his subjects, nor his own llrong defiic for peace, should prevail upon his Majesty to abandon the eftential rights and permanent interests of his kingdoms. Was the House ripe to give up those rights and interests ? —He hoped not. Upon this ground it was then that his Majesty’s ministers came down, and delired, and they did not think themselves audacious or impudent in desiring the concurrence and support of Parliament in profecu -, ting this true and just system of policy. It had been laid, that it was a war of avarice, of ambition, of prerogative : he denied the fast; it was a war of constitution. The honourable gentleman had threatened him with impeachment and lea fluids; but that should not deter him fresh the preservation of the rights and legislative authority of Parliament. The question war, in respect to the war, whether they were in -

• - dined

3 *

A. 1781. DEBATES. *

din d to resign their rights as a Parliament; or wirh firm ness add refs his Majesty with an offer of such vigorous aid a6 might, in the end, procure a peace confident with the legifla - rive powers over the Colonies. In respect to bimfclf, he was ready at any time to dand an inquiry into his conduct : but whatever might be his fate, he would dill persevere in Supporting the right of Parliament. The war with America had been unfortunate, but not unjud. He had at all times thought so; and should he hereafter mount the scaffold for that part which he had borne in the administration, he should continue to think so : it was not a war of ambition; it was not a war of administration; it was a war founded in fight, and dictated by necessity. With regard to the present Act - jdrefs, there were three modes proposed for confederation : the Address itself, which proposed to aifrd his M < jedy in attaining his jud rights; the amendment, which propoied a change of men and measures; and a 1‘ullcn fiience without any address. This lad mode, he said, he decidedly difap - proved, as neither being precedented or parliamentary. As to t e two former, he had declared his opinion of the war; it would be to act in con tradition to that opinioo not to vote for the Address which proposed to fiapport it.

Mr. Burke rose next, and with great warmth reprobated Mr. Burke. the language of the noble Lord. He averred, that it was impudent, it was audacious; it was foraething worse, it was insulting in his Majesty’s miniders to look Parliament in the face, and talk such language as they had 1 that moment heard from the mouth of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon. He said, if there could be a greater misfortune thaq those we had undergone in the disgraceful conted we were engaged in, it was hearing men rising up in the great aifetn - bly of the nation to vindicate such measures : it was the mod alarming part of our condition; it was that which froze up his blood, and harrowed up his foul : for if they were not ' to be taught by experience; if neither calamities could make them feel, nor the voice of God make them wile, what had this poor, fallen, raiserable, and undone country to hope for ? He was an enemy to dejedion, ’ and he never would recommend or preach despair; but if any thing could tend to deje£ the people of England, to make them despair of their ' situation, and resign themselves to their fate, it was to hear their miniders come down, after what we had differed, and impudently tell them that they were determined to £0 on with the American war. A battle might be lod, an

F 2 enters

36

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

enterprise might miscarry, an island might be captured, an army might be loft in the best of causes, and even under a system of vigour and foreiight; because the Rattle, after all pie wifdoip and bravery of man, was in the hands of bear ven j but if cither, or if all, of these calamities had happened in a good cause, and under the aufpipes of a vigilant administration, a brave people would not despair : they would be animated by their injuries; they would cpllefl energy from dii ' appointment; and feeling and knowing that a great and a good ministry would be instigated, in such a case, to strike some bold, new, and decisive stroke, they would arm and resolve to second them they would gather reinforcement from their hopes; and with a new foul they would proceed to the execution of whatever their ministry would proje£f and their leaders undertake. But it was not so in the present case. As his honourable friend had well described it, amidst all their sufferings and their misfortunes, they saw none so bad, none so distressing, as the weakness or the wickedness of their ministers. The noble Lord said the war was not disgraceful, it was only unfortunate s for his own parr, he continued to call the war disgraceful, and not unfortunate j and he was warranted so to call it. Unfortunate was an epithet only to be annexed to occurrences wherein fortune only was concerned. The destrufli. on of the Spanish armada, which was properly fitted out, was pnfortunate; buf surely the stroke against Lord Cornwallis could not be termed so. Fortune had nothing to do with it : there was no forer fight, no plan laid down, and every man ipuft from thence conjetture the event : and we were now to go on without plan and without foreiight in this war of calamities; fof every thing that happened in it was a calamity. He considered them all alike, victories and defeats; towns taken, and towns evacuated; new generals appointed, and old generals recalled : they were all alike calamities in his eyes j for they all spurred us on. to this fatal bufinpls. Victories gave us hopes, defeats made us desperate, and both mitigated us to go on; they were therefore both calamities : and the King’s speech was the greatest calamity of all; for the King ? s ipeech shewed us the disposition of the ministers; and this disposition was not to retreat an inch; to go on, to plunge us deeper, to make ps more disgraceful and more unhappy.

But the noble Lord fays, the King’s speech does not call Vjpon us to go on with this war. What then, does not the

- ' ‘ ’ ‘ poblc

C. oog le

A. 1781,. DEBATES,

noble Lord know what the Jk ' tng ’ 9 speeeh was } Is he, far ! the honourable gentleman, as usual, ignorant of what hd brought down in his pocjtet ) Perhaps it was made and J ' poken without his advice : but as plainly as language could imply; for indeed it was not the way of his Majesty’s mini - ilers to l ' peak like other people; they had always a method of their own, a fort of hocus pocus style, which would tranl - late either this way or that way, as might luit their immediate purposes; for the perpose of to - day was not with them the purpose of to - morrow : ht said, as plain as ministerial language could speak, the King’s speeeh and the addrel ' s called upon and pledged the ! House to the continuance of the American war; but he would read the passage, and then fee if any gentleman could doubt the fact : " And we receive, with the strongest emotions of duty and gratitude, your Majesty’s gratious and endearing declaration, that you should not answer the trust committed to the fbvereign of a free people, nor make a suitable return to your subjects for their constant, zealous, and affectionate attachment to your per ( on, family, and government, if you consented to lacrilice, either to your own desire of peace, or to their temporary <; ale and relief, those essential rights and permanent interests, upon the maintenance and preservation of which the future strength and security of this country mull ever principally depend. ’ u Wc declare, on our part, that we know no means of making to your Majesty any return so suitable and so just, and of answering the great trust committed to us by those whom we represent, as by giving your Majesty this firm alfu - rance, that we are resolved to assist and support your Majesty, to the utmost of our power, in maintaining and preserving the eflcntinl rights and permanent interests of your crown and people. "

What was this but a clear unequivocal declaration, upon the one side, to go on with the American war; and upon the ether, a pledge to suppbrt it ? This was immediately followed by a lamentation for the loss of the army in Virginia, and this by a harsh invective against our restless and invidious enemies. We are made to declare that their principal defigq wis to foment and maintain the rebellion in North America; r - and—and we are made to declare, that we will, to the utmost of our power, prevent them from doing this; for fee — u We are fully persuaded that the principal view of thd foafedcracy of our enemies was to foment and maintain tb

rebellion

$ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

rebellion in North - America; and, under the specious delusion of the establishment of an independent empire, to render your Majesty’s colonies subservient to the power and influence of the crown of France : but your Majesty may rely on our steady assistance to fecood your Majesty’s endeavours to defeat the dangerous Befigns of our enemies, equally prejudicial to the real interests of America and to those of Great - Britain, "

We are to give our steady assistance to second his Majesty’s endeavours to defeat the dangerous defigqs of our enemies. What are the designs of our enemies } ta foment and maintain the rebellion in North - America. Was not the American war contained in every line of this ? But farther still : we were to prevent the dangerous designs of our enemies for another reason, because the independence of America, to which, these endeavours tended, u was equally prejudicial to the real interests of America and to those of Great - Britain. " So that we were to go on with the war out of pure a£Fe&ion and friendship to America; and to a certainty yyc were to go on with it. Did the House require any more evidence ? if they did, there was evidence at hand; for if the Speech and Address had not lpoken sufficiently clear, the noble Lord himlclf gives a full, clear, and decisive explanation of it : For what docs he lay ? We went to war with America for the purpose of maintaining and preferring " thfe efl ' ential, rights and permanent interests of this country. " Whar, does his Majesty in the Speech say, and what does the House in the Add rets thank him for saying ? What but for the gra ? cious and endearing declaration, that neither his own desires, nor the temporary inconveniencies of the people, should make him think of giving up a contest for the efl ' entiai rights and permanent interests of this country. The noble Lord fays, we went to war for the maintenance of rights; the Speech fays, we will go on for the maintenance of rights.

It was but one story from the beginning to the end : it was, and had been for seven years, nothing but American war, American war, American war; and would be American war to the end of the chapter.

But he must speak. a few words on the matter of these rights, which had cost us so much, and which was likely to cost us our all. Good God ! Mr. Speaker, exclaimed the honourable gentleman, are we yet to be told of the rights for which we went to war. Oh, excellent rights ! Oh, yaluable rights ! valuable you should be, for we have pai4

L

A. 17&1, DEBATES;

dear at parting with you ! Oh, valuable rights ! that have cod Britain thirteen provinces, four iflamls, a hundred thou < - sand men, and more than seventy millions of money ! Oh, wonderful rights ! that have loft to Great - Britain her empire on the ocean, her boaftrd, grand, and substantial superioiity, which made the world bend before her ! Oh, inestimable rights ! that have taken from us our rank among nations, our importance abroadr and our happiness at home; that have taken from us our trade, our manufactures, and our commerce; that have reduced us fronl the most flourishing empire in the world to be one of the mod compact, unenviable powers on the face of the globe ! Oh, wonderful rights f that are likely to take from us all that yet remains ! What were these rights > Could any man describe them; could any man give them a body and a foul answerable to all these mighty cofU ! We did all this because we had a right to do it : that was exactly the fact. " And all this we dared do, because we dared. " \ye had a right to tax America, fays the noble Lord; and as we had a right, we mutt do it. We must rilk every thing, we will forfeit every thing, we will think of no consequences, we will take no confederation into our view but our right, we will consult no ability, we will not measure our right with our power, but we will have our right, wer will have our bond : America, give us our bond; next youi ? heart we will have it : the pound of flelh is ours, and wo will have it. This was their language. Oh, inilerable and infatuated men ! mil ' crable and undone country ! not to know, that right signified nothing without might; that the claim, without the power of enforcing it, was nugatory and idle in the copyhold of rival states, or of immenle bodies. Oh ! fays a filly man, full of his prerogative of dominiorf over a few beads of the field, there is excellent wool on the back of a wolf, and therefore he must be fheared. What ! shear a wolf £ yes But will he comply ? have yon considered the trouble ? how will you get this wool ? Oh,

1 have considered nothing, and I will consider nothing, but. my right; a wolf is an animal that has wool; all animals that have wool are to be ( horn, and therefore I will ( hear the wolf This was just the kind of reasoning urged by the noble Lord, and this the CQunfcl given by him. The Ameri - « ans have money; we want it, we will have it. They refitted their claim; they fought their battle for a time themselves, a ? kft called in an ally; they are joined by the French, and conr

joined

AO

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 « :

joined they have forced your armies to furrerider; and yet the nobje Lord at. this moment comes dj$wn and tells the Parliament of the nation that he has ruined, infolently tells them; that we are fighting for a right : he said infdently, for it was an insult upon the patience of the Parliament. But he begged pardon, he ! agreed with the honourable gentleman ( Mr. T; ritt}, that there j was no parliament, no people or else such language, at such a day, would not be hazarded, much less suffered.

But this was like all the rest i it was only a fresh attempt to iinpose, to delude, and to draw ort the people He went into a recital of the various ( lories which they had told, and of the various doctrines and various plans Which they had held and abandoned, and taken up again. But whait had our War with America been, but a continual series of marching and countermarching, of taking and evacuating : indeed j different places in America seemed to undergo an excrement jitious evacuation, analogous to that of the human body : and the noble Lord comes, fays he, and recommends to us an Act - dress, assisting, fays he, to carry on this very useless if not very injurious war; and this is to be in the language of clapping on the back, 4 < who’s afraid t" and such other vulgar cant j for, divesting it of its phraseology, what else is the echo of the royal lpeech, but those fame vulgar expressions couched jn better terms

He was averse from deceiving and arimfing tho people jyith what he felt impracticable. He trusted i day of reckoning would come; and whenever that day came, he ( hookf be able, by impeachment, to bring upon the heads of the authors of these unhappy affairs the punishment of them. The nation, as an animal, was dead; but the vermin which fed on it had ( till an existence. He had looked cautiously at the conduCl of Lord Cornwallis; his gallantry he attested; but what had his operations been, but marching and counter - marching from north to south, and from the mountains to the sea, and from the fca to the mountains; This had been to deceive the people here, and make them believe that we had a proportionate intefeft in the country to the extent of territory traveled; and to confirm this, jtnd to prove the certain subjugation of Virginia, £ord Dunmofe was Cent out to be governor. But the j Operations of the Americans were certain, though silentj and though tardy, effective Where real geperalship was to ! be manifested, they had shewn it *. Nor was this the only

3 instance j

A. if8i. DEBATES. 1

instance of captured armies : Where was General Burgoynets army ? Redde nobis kgiones. Give us back our force, nor

protra£l this burthensome, disgraceful, for it is not unfortunate, war, which, " like a wounded fnake, drags its flow length alonglet us not hug in our bosom that snake, which will fling us even to the last agony of diflblution.

Lord Nugent fj > oke shortly on the point, that the Speech and Addreis did not pledge the House to the continuance of the American war. The honourable gentleman’s oratory could do any thing; it was fafeinating, it had the power of incantation; but it was not an easy thing to create fomc - thing out of nothing. There was no ground in the Addrei ' s for the honourable gentleman to go upon. The House. were dtfired to pledge themselves to the support of the rights and iutcrefts of this country; and surely they would all do that.

They were not to lie down and die, becarufe they had met with a misfortune in Virginia. They were to be arouzed by it; they were to snatch new courage from it, and be doubly armed and doubly aflive. If they must fall, let them in the name of God pecifh like Britons, " greatly falling with a falling state, " if it was a falling ( late, but wjaich he could not by any means allow. He was not for despondency : but as to the American war, he con felled he had his thoughts about it; he thought things grew worl ' c and worse; and he was come to think, that it would be more, adviseable even to acknowledge their independency, than to go on playing the fame looting game against them, by pur - suing the war in the fame way as we had done; nay, in tafl, it would be policy to acknowledge their independence. But we would come to talk of the American war another day,

The business now was to vote a suitable Answer to the King’s Speech; and, he declared in his conscience the one proposed was, he thought, very proper.

Colonel Barre rose next. He confdled that he came with Col. Barre. the grcatcfl coolnels of temper to the House; but his feelings were fb hurt at the Address, and the speech of the Minister that it was with the greatest difliculty he could restrain his indignation. He took a retrospective view of our late losses and proceedings ir > the colonies and the West - Indies. In one year we had loft Dominica, the following year Grenada, the npxt St. Vincent, and now we had loft Tobago. Here lie proved the defence was so small, in respect to lbldicry, that there was only 41 men in the garrison, and there were found three cannon and four mortars to one man. He was sorry to differ from the honourable gentleman ( Mr; Burke ) who

Y l. Vf Q had

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

had asserted, that wc had no public. We had a public, otherwise that never could be a parliament. As the noble lord boasted so much of his resources, he called upon him to know where they might be found. It was true, there had been a subscription begun, which had never been filled, although a certain nobleman in office had given two thousand pounds, another one thousand, another twenty, &c. &c. But these were. not sufficient. He confessed the noble lord, in the blue rib - l > on, was a most able financier. That he would bring tax upon tax. It was his boast to levy no burthens but upon luxuries. However, experience told us, that taxes always decrcafed the consumption of necessaries. Was the noble lord to be acquainted that tonnage had decreased from the year 1775 to 1779, ( the year of making up the account ) in the proportion of five to three ? from these and other reasons, he should oppose any address, or vote of supplies, until the slate of nccqunts was fully and critically examined. The honourable geqtlernan observed art in the mode of calling together the members of that House. Formerly, they were used to be assembled in October. Now it was the latter part of November. The reason of this he believed was, that such of the members who were obliged to attend their regiments encamped in the summer, might not think it necessary. to come to town for so small a time before the adjournment for the holidays, were thereby prevented from opposing such votes of supplies as were hurried through the House before they came to parliament. The minister did this on purpose. This was another reason For his deferring the address and any promise of future grants to administration, Butthemost forcible reason that he had for wishing to defer the motion for the Adel refs was, that he linperely wished to see the plan adopted, recommended by two honourable gentlemen, of calling their constituents together, and taking their advice in this critical and alarming moment. It was an honest parliamentary cuf -. tom, as ancient as the copftitution itself, and was the best / means in the defective and much altered state of delegation, of reviving the true British practice of collecting the lense of their constituents.

Id. Gfor ? e ' Lord George Germaine rose, and spoke with regard to the

Ctrmams. farther prosecution of the American war. Certainly it was not the intention of his majesty’s ministers to bring the House, by an underhand and insidious vote to pledge themselves to the farther continuance of it; and he was a good deal fur - prized to hear gentlemen gravely argue that the words of the

address

A. 781. t > t B A f §.

add refs conveyed that meaning. He did not know how they had diicovered it to figriify To much Certainly it called upon us to pledge themselves to support such measures as should be Decenary to the thaintenance of our eifential rights and per - maneotinterests, and so far as the American war went to that end, so far, but no farther, did they pledge themselves. It would afterwards become a question, whether the American war should be prosecuted or not} when a specific proportion to that effect was before the House, then would be the moment for gentlemen to declare their opinion; with respect to his own opinion, it was perhaps needless for him to say, that he had entertained hopes of a better fate to the gallant army under the earl Cornwallis ft wis aT most calamitous di ( after, and what he should lament to the end of his life; but he Was ready, for the share which he had in it as the A - merican secretary, as his oi$ce was commonly called, to meet the strictest inquiry that gentlemen could wish to institutea The share which he had had in all the measures of the American war, he Was ready to avow and to justify. He had acted from the purest and the most honest motives. If gentlemen imagined that he was enamoured of his situation, wedded to it, and lothe to leave it, they wete rniftaken, they had often beard his sentiments on this subject; he had never Solicited the office; he had been called to it, and he was ready, with out reluctance or regren, to quit it; at the feme time, that he was not to be brow - beat nor clamoured out of it : when it should please his royal rnaftet it would please him *

The noble Lord said, he bad never been so ( anguine as tp hope, or believe, that we could reduce America to, obedience by force of arms. He never thought this. All that he had ever believed, and that he had ever wished for was, to support, and give efficacy to the ftrpggles of the loyalists against the inimical He had always undqrstood that the loyalists were numerous, and that they wanted nothing but the assist ance of the English arms to give them a decisive authority in the colonies. If he had been roiftaken in his opinion; if he had been milled in his information, he. could not help it. He had only to say, that if he was in error, it was an error in which he ( till remained, for he yet believed that We had many friends in the colonies, who would be happy of a reconciliation With this country, upon terms of dependance. He would; never be the mioifter who should give up that dependance He thought that this country depended upon its coaedion with America for its very existence. Take away

Q America,

44

Mr. Dau bcny.

Lord Mail land/

Mr. R gby.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

America, and we should link into perfect insignificance 5 pre - fei ve it, and he would venture to say, it was yet the brighteffc jewel in the crown,

Mr. Daulenyfpoke with great heat for the farther con -

tinuance of the American war. It was a war founded in ju— ' ftice, and necessary to the honour as well as the interests of t His country. In saying this, he knew that he spoke the lenti - ments of of the city which he was calted upon to represen *. The citizens of Bristol were witling to sacrifice half their fortunes in the prosecution of it,

• Lord Maitland speke forcibly a gain ft the Address and against the farther prosecution of the American war. He said that it was the most idle and ridiculous thing in the world to assert that the House were not pledged to the farther continuance of the American war. They certainly and clearly were so. He was astonished that ministers should persevere ra what they law was so much against the wishes and the inclinations of the people. Had they no apprehenhons of the vengeance of a free, a great, and a suffering people ? bur, he was lorry to say, that that vigorous spirit which used to distinguish us as a nation, seemed now to be latent inour bofotns, if it was not altogether dead. There was an indifference about every thing which respected the nation, that made him tremble more than the foreign dangers which surrounded us. There was not a people in the world, except ourselves, who Wduld not have been arouzed by the calamity, and have

guoked those men from the authority which they had abused.

ut we were wedded to misfortune. They had made disaster familiar to us. Were they not apprehensive of the future historian; if they were perfectly indifferent of their prefeot figure, what would be said of them ? What would even the most favourable and partial friend say of them in writing the Iriftory of the picfent time. They had a specimen of what they were to expe£V, in the writings of one of the greatest historians now living ( Mr. Gibbon ), who had praised them for the discovery of the little insignificant island of Otaheite, to cover thefhame, or to conceal their loss of the continent of America. He adverted to what Mr Orde had said of the duty there was of the people appearing in suits of aimour before the King. He said it would have a much better effefr, and would sooner restore us to our native grandeur, if the people would appear in suits of armour before the ministry.

Mr « Kigly adverted to what had fallen from Mr. Fox relating to an afteriion which had dropt from him at a for - I mcr

A. 1781/ DEBATES. - 45

mer period of time. It was very true he had said, that if the conquest of Charles - town did riot operate decisively in our favour, he had determined to go no farther, so. one, in its prosecution. It was his linceie honest sentiment, that it would be madness to persevere in the war, against the evidence of positive and avowed disaffection. If he law that it produced no effect upon the minds of the people in that country, that they remained sullenly inimical to Great Britain, rejecting her proffered friendinip, that then he should abandon all hopes of reducing America by force. He had Jiesaid this then; he said it now. But whatever might be hi ? opinion, with regard to the farther prosecution of the American war, the present was not the time when he was called upon to deliver it, or to shew it by his vote. The question of the American war was not before the House. It was only proposed to them, to agree to an addreis to the Throne, promising to support his Majesty in his endeavonrs to maintain and preserve the essential rights and permanent interests of this country. C. ould there polfibly be a second question about that ? Could the House hesitate a moment in agreeing with the honourable gentleman, who moved for such an act - drefc, at such a moment ? It met with his - sincere concurrence; and he gave his vote for it as heartily and as freely as he ever did upon any Occasion. He could not help taking notice of what had fallen from several gentleman, of their desiring to take counsel from their constituents at this crisis.

What ! was not the sense of the nation to be collected in that House ? such applications to the people were unconftitu - tional, if not illegal; they led to drafter, public tumult, and outrage. He was always against them; first, because they were unnecessary; for the the great constituent body of the people, having delegated their voice to their lepresenta - tives, their representatives only could pronounce it; and he was against it also, because it was dargerous, for it tended todisturb the peaceable government of the country.

General Conway spoke with great energy against the farther Gnml prosecution of this unnatural war. I he arguments that had been advanced on the one side of the House, only went to prove, that his Majesty’s ministers had not dared to do that openly, which yet they wished to do; they had not dared to call the House to support them specifically in continuing the American war; but they had done it as effectually by the address which was proposed, as if it had been absolutely and ttpreflly mentioned# The honourable gentleman ( Mr.

, Burke )

■ ^.

6

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 8r.

Burke ) had made it manifest; it did mean, and it could mean nothing dfe; and must he, in this most awful manner, pledge himself to the farther prosecution of that, from which all our evils had sprung ? mud he go up to his royal mailer, and give him adurance that he would support him with his life and fortune, in that which he was convinced would bring ruin upon his country He should be a traitor to his king and country if he was to act in this manner.

Mr. Sheri - Mr. Sheridan attacked Mr. Rigby for thd contemptuous manner in which he had spoken, and always did speak, of the constituent body of the country. He defended the honourable member’s ideas on the subject, and argued very forcibly on Mr. Rigby’s declaration, that the House were in possession of all the sense of the country. Mr. Sheridan then adverted to the arguments that had been urged to claim the confidence and support of the House at thisjunfture, which, he said, all went to prove, that ministers were entitled to the support of the country, in proportion as they lhewcd themselves unfit to govern it. He was particularly happy in his manner of handling what Lord George Germaine af - i ferted, that he dill continued to regard. America as the brightest jewel of the crown.

Mr. Rigby. Mr. rose to explain, and said, he would not have it go forth, at a time there was so full a gallery, that he had spoken so contemptuously of the rights of the people; he had objected only to the difficulty of gathering, their sentiments ifl a peaceable manner. fit. Fox. Mr. Fox then rose, ( and after some debate on the point

bf order, respecting the right of reply, claimed by those who had made a motion ) and, in another most xnafterly speech, replied to the arguments which had been advanced oa the other fide of the House against the amendment which he had proposed, and which had been so ably supported by arguments of the most forcible kind and so weakly opposed by; fallacious and puerile quibbles All the argument, if it defer ved the name, or rather all the wrangling, was for the

furpose of maintaining that the address did not pledge the louse to the continuance and support of the American war. Bo contemptible an evasion little deserved the reception with which it had met, but his honourable friend had cotnpleatly overturned it; for if our language spoke plainer, or our terms were more explicit, he would refer to the cool deterroL nation of every man, who was not a minister, in the House. He referred to the harsh and exulting ipanner in which Lord

Mulgrayc

A. 1781. DEBATES. 47,

Musgravp took up and twisted an epression of his; and he answered, one by one, every argument that had been advanced.

Then the House divided on the amendment; Ayes, 129; noes, 218. — The original Address was then agreed to, and a Committee appointed to draw it up *

November 28.

Mr, Perceval reported from the Committee, appointed the MrPercctal day before, to draw up an address to be presented to his Majesty, that the committee had drawn up an address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House.

He therefore moved for leave to bring it up.

Sir William ( Vale objected to the report being brought up, and begged to be indulged with a minute or two. He said, vv ke ! That in the debate of yesterday, unanimity of sentiment,. and a total junction of persons, were said to be the only means to bring this country out of that wretched situation in which ( he was at present involved. Union was certainly an object not to be attained by the present address; for, as it dated things that were not, men, indead.

of union, mud rather wish to oppose a war which created such an expence of blood and treasure; but, besides, every rational man would naturally inquire how we/hould be able to support so enormous a charge ? The minider had informed the House, that there would dill be resources in the nation sufficient to support the war; if his Lordship meant that there was money in the country, his assertion was undoubtedly just; but dill he would not agree with him that there were dill resources, because the war had exhausted them, as might be clearly ascertained by the great falling off in the value of land. If the noble Lord in the blue ribbon would go down to his estate in the country, and ask his tenants if there were resources, he was confident they would answerhim in the negative; that our resources were exhausted, appeared also from the reduced price of wool, which had fallen in the proportion of from 22 and 20 shillings to 10.

He therefore advised the noble J - ord not to suffer himself to be deluded by the vain hopes of finding supplies for feeding a war, whion had already swallowed up aimed all the re - sources of the country.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke spoke to an assertion of the mi - $; r p. j. nifteron the day before, and also in the Address, that ei the Clerke. war was a just and necessary war, to maintain the cflentii

48

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

rights of the empire. " This he denied; it was no such thing; and we could not with any truth aver, that we went to war with America for the maintenance of any just rights; for m mericans presented a petition, by the hands of Mr. Penn, offering to agree to any fair, decent, and honourable terms. He could not, therefore, consent to a positive fallhood, and be an accomplice in saying that the war was either just or honourable; and he could not therefore agree to the address. In that petition, Congress, he well remembered, expressly declared themselves ready and willing to accede to any terms confident u - ith their own freedom, and calculated to preserve the honour of the mother country. What could be more decern, what more dutiful ! But that petition was rejected; Mr. Penn was refused to be heard, and thence the spring of all our calamities; whoever therefore fuggrfted that measur was responsibL for all the mischiefs that had ensued, and ought to answer for them. The minister had called for union; how was it possible that they who had always reprobated the American war, could now be brought to agree to its continuance ? It was impossible.

Mr. Dun - Mr. Duncombe took notice of an observation of Mr. Fox, eombe. the before, that " by the amendment which he proposed, members would have an opportunity of consulting their con - ftituents before they pledged themselves to the continuance of the war. " This, he laid, he very much desired to do; as, by that means he should have an opportunity of dif - chnrginghis duty, and acting agreeable to the wishes of that most respcstable and numerous body of freeholders whom he was delegated to represent. Indeed he partly knew their sentiments. He knew that they abhorred the American war; be was therefore at no loss to act upon that subject. With regard to the resources talked of lo frequently by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, if he meant the few guineas in gentlemen’s pockets, there might be found some little money;

btit with regard to the people in general, the case was widely different, the fast ( landing cxaftly as the honourable Baronet who spoke last but one had dated it. He said the American war was generally odious, and he was persuaded, however, gentlemen within doors might be pleased to argue, there was not a man, if he was to alk. him his real sentiments without those walls, who would not acknowledge that the American war had nearly exhausted the blood and treasure of this country, and was big with ruin.

MrVMiiar. 1 Mr. JViHiamPitt spoke next He role he said to give

vent to those sentiments of indignation which, in the pre -

ient

sing to be borne in silen£e; the duty He owed to his sovereign and to his oWn country would not permit him to reniain in silence When he saw ministers rutining headlong into measures Which could end only iti the ruin of the date : he wish cd to ( Hew his attachment to his sovereign and his family by Holding to him a language which would shew him that he had been deceived by those to whom he looked for ad tice $ he Wilfred to discharge his duty to his country by endeavouring to prevent Parliament from precipitately voting an address which pledged the House in the mod dirra man her to prosecute the American war, and support the continuance Of that fatal fy stem which had led this country Hep by step to the mod calamitous and disgraceful situation that ever a once flouri ( hing and glofidus empire could pofllbly be driven to ! a ( ituation that threatened the final difiolution of the empire, if not prevented by timely, wife, and vigorous efforts. He implored them to pause a moment and consider What they were doing. The Address then at the bar was touched in terms the mod hypocritical and delusive and if differed in t efifis so farming and melancholy to be pub - Hshed to the World as the real fentiraents of the House of Commons, it would be an additional misfortune greater ttan any that had yet preceded it. It would at once deceive die King, proditute the judgment of Parliament and degrade Its dignity infuit the people, and superinduce consequences fatal to the very being and exidence of the empire It was an honed and a faithful line of conduct in them to warn both the sovereign and people of the dangers that were com ? tfion to both ft was not the base and deceitful language of adulation which Parliament should adopt; but that dile and that manner which became a body of men equally attached to their sovereign and their constituents. He was unable to account for the confidence of miniders, in propofingan address which pledged Parliament to measures without vouch fa - sing to give that Parliament any ( ketch or outline of those plans and measures which the House were called upon to ftn&ify; in the better days of Parliament such condufit Would nave been treated with the indignation which it defended They pretended to argue that the Address did not pledge the Huufe to the war with America. — It was puerile to r ' lie was deferens to force miniders to break throi 1

H

DEBATES A. 17&1.

the supercilious silence in which those plans were veiled; or to silence the empty loquacity with which they endeavoured to argue men out of their senses He aiked, there was a ' man in the House, who, after the late disaster which had befallen this country, could trufl the administration of affairs in the hands of the, present ministers ? Gentlemen would rc - collcfl the supplies tha£ had been voted; the means that > had been devised and adopted; $1 ? powers that had been entrusted to them; and the use that they had made of them; that use was loudly proclaimed by the captivity of Lord Cornwallis and his army. Were gentlemen then disposed to trufl : still the management of a war to the care of men who had already made lb bad a use of the confidence of Parliament ? Was the American war to have no end ? - And wqrt the mi - ' nifters, who, by all their measures, had only cGmvinced the nation of the abfurditv of carrying it on, to come to - that. House, and to propose an address. which tied them down to prosecute the war, of the impropriety, bfurdity, io - justice, and rbinous tendency of which every marl in the House was convinced ? What could make the American war an object lb steadfastly to be adhered to ? Was there any national obje£l in the pursuit ? Certainly therp was none *

• The real truth was, it was an appendage to tKe. Ffrft. Lord of the Treasury too dear to be parted with ! it was the grand pillar, built on the ruins of the constitution, - by which he held his situation; the great means of extending that balefid influence of the Crown on which alone he placed all his security ! But how could they expc£t that parliament would repose confidence in them, when they themselves had no bond of union between them ? In his foul, he was satisfied, 1. that if he was to go from one end of the Treasury bench to I the other, and aik every man who fat on it, ' if he could trufl i

•, his neighbour ? they would all answer in the negative : and

yet they expc&ed that confidence from Parliament which they had not in one another. ‘.

Eifer since he had left the House he spent his time in ask - ing himself what arguments had been given llrong enough to persuade the House to go on with this war *. One of its I ‘avowed supporters, the noble Lord in the blue ribbon Tpeaking ' of the American war had declared, that, he ever had considered it, and still did consider it, as a war just and n < r - cellary, founded on the claim of a right that was undisputed With regard to the grammatical or logical correctnefi of this

A. 1781. PARLIAMENTARY.

reason, he would not institute an inquiry, nor would he now enter into an argument upon the justice of the war; that point having been fufhciently difcuffed, for mankind, to have made up their minds upon it. What the noble Lord meant by neceility, if he meant any thing short of a physical necessity, he was at a loss to imagine. rI ' hat an end could not be put to the war, if Parliament resolved on such a measure, was too absurd an idea to be maintained. The war - had been proved by fatal experience to be fruitless, and every day that we persisted in it clearly tended rather to create new, difficulties than smooth the path to peace and friendship. That the war was originally just and neceft ' ary was, however, the only argument of one noble Lord; let the House recoiled ! what had fallen from another noble Lord, whole ( filiation rendered all that he said upon the subject peculiarly the object of attcniion. That noble. Lord had held a very different language. ' Without laying claim to that boldness of pride. and ambition, which alone could generate the hope of making America the victim of conquest, he had laid, all his, hope rested on the more mild, lenient, and moderate expectation of the practicability of fending a sufficient force into the country, to enable the numerous friends of Greats Britain to get the better of the party that r - pposed them, and had possessed themselves of power. The noble Lord had told them, that he never imagined America could be recovered by arms, but that the loyalists, who were much fupc - rior to the hostile, would be able, with their assistance, to effect all that could be wished for. In order to see the wisdom of this conceit, Mr. Pitt advised the House to look back to the events of the war, and especially ' to those of the last, campaign, which were too recent, and of which every man’s bread was too full to render it necessary for him to undergo the anguish of describing them. Above all, he begged the house, if they wanted farther proof of the power of protection which Great - Britain was warranted to hold out, let them look at the articles. of the capitulation of Lord Cornwallis, and let - them cast their their eye on the answer to the tenth article. They would there fee, that all the friends of Great - Britain, all the loyalists, who had been treacherovdly deluded to join Lord Cornwallis, and deceived by false hopes and ill - found ed protnifes, so far from being protected, were left to the ^. civil justice of the country. Wh. it the civil jiifUce of Am. e -, rica if was utterly impossible for luiv fOjbiv, but if

‘ - ' « " ' the"

4

Li. George Germaine.

PARLIAMENTARY A 178 *.

had asserted, that we had no public. We had a public, otherwise that never could be a parliament. As the noble lord boaded so much of his refourecs, he called upon him to know where they might be found. It was true, there had been a subscription begun, ' which had never been filled, although a certain nobleman in office had given two thousand pounds, another one thousand, another twenty, &c. &c. But these were not sufficient. He confessed the noble lord, in the blue ribbon, was a most able financier. That he would bring tax upon tax. It was his boast to levy no burthens but upon luxuries. However, experience told us, that taxes always deerrafed the consumption of neceflarics. Was the noble lord to be acquainted that tonnage had decreased from the year 177$ to 1779, ( the year of making up the account ) in the proportion of five to three ? from these and other reasons, he mould oppose any address, or vote of supplies, until the date of accqunts was fully and critically examined. The honourable geqtleroan observed art in the mode of calling together the members of that House. Formerly, they were used to be assembled in October. Now it was the latter part of November. The reason of this he believed was, that such of the members who were obliged to attend their regiments encamped in the sommer, might not think it necessary, to come to town for so froall a time before the adjournment for the holidays, were thereby prevented from opposing such votes of supplies as were hurried through the House before they came to parliament. The minister did this on purpose. This was another reason For his deferring the address and any promise of future grants to administration. Butthemost forcible reason that he had for wishing to defer the motion for the Adel refs was, that he linperely wished to see the plap adopted, recommended by two honourable gentlemen, of calling their condituepts together, and taking their advice in this critical and alarming moment. It was an honed parliamentary cuf -. tom, as ancient as the copditution itself, and was the bell means in the defective and much altered date of delegation, of reviving the true British practice of collecting the lenfeof their conditucnts.

Lord George Germaine rose, and spoke with regard to the farther prosecution of the American war. Certainly it was not the intention of his majesty’s tniniders to bring the House, by an underhand and insidious vote to pledge themselvesto the farther continuance of it; and he was a good deal fur - prized lo hear gentlemen gravely argue that the words of the

address

Juddrels conveyed that meaning. He did not know how they had discovered it td signify so much. Certainly it called upon to pledge themielvea to support such measures as should be xicccltary to the Maintenance of our eifential rights and permanent interests, and so far as the American war went to that end, so far, but po farther, did they pledge themselves, It would afterwards become a question, whether the American war should be prosecuted or not ? when a specifk proposition to that effied was before the House, then would be the moment for gentlemen to declare their opinion j with respect to his own opinion, it was perhaps needless for him to say, that he had entertained hopes of a better fate to the gallant army under the earl Cornwallis It wis a moil calamitous di ( after, and what he should lament to the end of his life; but he was ready, for the share which he had in it as the A - merican secretary, as his office was commonly called, to meet the strictest inquiry that gentlemen could wish to inftjtute The share which he had had in all the measures of the American war, h$ was ready to avow and to justify He had acted from the purest and the most honed motives. If gentlemen imagined that he was enamoured of his ( ituation, wedded to it, and lothe to leave it, they wete mistaken, they had often heard his sentiments on this subject; he had never solicitod the office; he had been called to it, and he was ready, without reluctance or regret, to quit it; at the ( hole time, that he was not to be brow « beat nor clamoured out of it : when it should please his royal maftef it would please him *

The noble Lord said, he had never been so ( anguine as tp hope, or believe, that we could reduce America to obedience by force of arms He never thought this. All that he had ever believed, and that he had ever wished for was, to support, and give efficacy to the druggies of the loyal ids against the inimical. He had always undqrstood that the loyslide were numerous, and that they wanted nothing but the abidance of the English arms to give them a decisive authority in the colonies. If he had been mistaken in his opinion; if he had been milled in his information, he. could not help it. He had only to say, that if he was in error, it was an error in which he ( till remained, for he yet believed that We had many friends in the colonies, who would be happy of a reconciliation With this country, upon terms of dependance He would; never be the itunifter who should give up that dependance He thought that this country depended upon its coacdion with America for its very evidence Take away

America,

44

Mr. Dau bcny.

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

Lord Wait land '

Mr. R ' gby,

America, and we should fink into perfect insignificance; pre - feive ir, and he would venture to say, it was yet the brightest jewel in the crown.

Mr. Daul guyfpoke with great heat for the farther con -

tinuance of the American war. It was a war founded in justice, and necessary to the honour as well as the inrerefts of this country. In saying this, he knew that he spoke the senti - ments of of the city which he was called upon to represent The citizens of Bristol were willing to sacrifice half their fortunes in the prosecution of it. x

Lord Maitland spoke forcibly a gain ft the Address and against the farther prosecution of the American war. He said that it was the most idle and ridiculous thing in the world to assert that the House were not pledged to the farther continuance of the American war. They certainly and clearly were so. He was astonished that ministers should persevere in what they favv was so much againffc the wishes and the inclinations of the people. Had they no apprehensions of the vengeance of a free, a great, arid a suffering people ? bur, lie was lorry to say, that that vigorous spirit which used to distinguish us as a nation, seemed now to be latent in our bosoms, if it was not altogether dead. There was an indifference about every thing which respected the nation, that made him tremble more than the foreign dangers which surrounded us. There was not a people in the world, except ourselves, whp would not have been aroused by the calamity, and have plucked those men from the authority which they had abused. but we were wedded to misfortune. They had made disaster familiar to us. Were they not apprehensive of the future historian; if they were perfectly indifferent of their present figure, what would be said of them ? What would even the •most favourable and partial friend say of them in writing the history of the picfent time. They had a specimen of what •they were to expe£V, in the writings of one of the greatest historians now living ( Mr. Gibbon ), who had praised them for the discovery of the little insignificant island of Otaheite, to cover the shame, or to conceal their loss of the continent of America. ' He. adverted to what Mr Orde had said of the duty there was of the people appearing in suits of aimour before ttye King. He said it would have a much better effect, and would sooner restore us to our native grandeur, if the people would appear in suits of armour before the ministry.

Mr, Kigfy adverted to what had fallen from Mr. Fox relating to an alferuon which had dropt from him at a for *

I mcr

A. 1781. DEBATES. 45

mcr period of time. It was very true he had said, that if the conquest of Charles - town did riot operate decisively in our favour, he had determined to go no farther, foj orie, in its prosecution. It was his sinceye honest sentiment, that it would be madness to persevere in the war, against the evi - deuce of positive and avowed disaffection. If he law that it produced no effect upon the minds of the people in that country, that they remained futlenly inimical to Great Britain, rejecting her proffered friendship, that then he should abandon all hopes of reducing America by force. He had besaid this then; he said it now. But whatever might be his opinion, with regard to the farther prosecution of the American war, the present was not the time when he was called upon to deliver it, or ro shew it by his vote. The question of the American war was not before the House. It was only proposed to them, to agree to an add refs to the Throne, proraifing to support his Majesty in his endeavonrs to maintain and preserve the essential rights and permanent interests of this country. Could there polfibly be a second question about that } Could the House hesitate a moment in agreeing with the honourable gentleman, who moved for such an act - drtfs, at such a moment ? It met with his - sincere concurrence; and he gave his vote for it as heartily and as freely as he ever did upon any Occasion. He could not help taking notice of what had fallen from several gentleman, of their desiring to take counsel from their constituents at this crilis.

What ! was not the sense of the nation to be ccllc&ed in that House ? such applications to the people were unconftitu - Itional, if not illegal; they led to drafter, public tumult, and outrage. He was always against them; first, bccause they were unnecessary; for the the great constiruent body of the people, having delegated their voice to their representatives, their representatives only could pronounce it; and he was against it also, because it was dargerous, for it tended todisturb the peaceable government of the country.

General Conway spoke with great energy against the farther Cmeral prosecution of this unnatural war. The arguments that had been advanced on the one side of the House, only went to prove, that his Majesty’s ministers had not dared to do that openly, which yet they wished to do; they had not dared to call the House to support them specifically in continuing the American war; but they had done it as effedf ually by the address which was proposed, as if it had been absolutely and txpreflly mentioned# The honourable gentleman ( Mr.

, Burke )

6

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 8i.

Burke ) had made it manifed; it did means and it could mean nothing dfe; and mud he, in this mod awful manner, pledge himself to the farther prosecution of that, from which all our evils had sprung ? mud he go up to his royal mader, and give him assurance that he would support him with his life and fortune, in that which he was convinced would bring ruin upon his country. He should be a traitor to his king and country if he wa9 to act in this manner.

Mr. Sheri - Mr. Sheridan attacked Mr. Rigby for thd contemptuous manner in which he had fpokfcn, and always did speak, of the condituent body of the country. He defended the honourable member’s ideas on the subject, and argued very forcibly on Mr. Rigby’s declaration, that the House were in possession of all the sense of the country. Mr. Sheridan then adverted to the arguments that had been urged to claim the confidence and support of the House at thisjunfture, which, he said, all went to prove, that miniders were entitled to the support of the country, in proportion as they 1 hewed themselves unfit to govern it. He was particularly happy in his manner of handling what Lord George Germaine af - ferted, that he dill continued to regard Ameriea as the frighted jewel of the crown.

Mr. Rigby. Mr. fo&h rose to explain, and said, he would not have it go forth, at a tfme there was so full a gallery, that he had spoken so contemptuously of the rights of the people; he had objected only to the difficulty of gathering their sentiments in a peaceable manner.

Mr. Fox. Mr. Fox then rose, ( and after some debate on the point : bf order, respecting the right of reply, claimed by those who had made a motion ) and, in another mod maderly speech, replied to the arguments which had been advanced on the other fide of the House against the amendment which h « had proposed, and which had been so ably supported by arguments of the mod forcible kind; and so weakly opposed by fallacious and puerile quibbles. All the argument, if it de - served the name, or rather all the wrangling, was for tbs burpose of maintaining that the address did not pledge tbs House to the continuance and support of the American war. So contemptible an evasion little deserved the reception with; which it had met, but his honourable friend had compleatly j overturned it; for if our language spoke plainer, or our j terms were more explicit, he would refer to the cool deternn j nation of every man, who was not a minister, in the House He referred totht harsh and exulting gunner in which Lord

Mulgrave

47

A. i ) 8i *. DEBATES.

Mulgrave took of and twisted an expredion of his; and he answered, one by one, every argument that had been advanced.

Then the House divided on the amendment; Ayes, 129; noes, 218. — The original Address was then agreed to, and a Committee appointed to draw it of.

November 28.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, appointed the MrPercetal day before, to draw up an address to be presented to his Majesty, that the committee had drawn up an address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House.

He therefore moved for leave to bring it up.

Sir lyilliam ffrake objected to the report being brought

and begged to be indulged with a minute or two. He said, vv k «. ' That in the debate of yesterday, unanimity of sentiment,. and a total junction of persons, were said to be the only means to bring this country out of that wretched situation in which ( he was at present involved. Union was certainly an object not to be attained by the present addreis; for, as it dated things that were not, men, indcad of union, mud rather wish to oppose a war which created such an expence of blood and treasure; but, besides, every rational man would naturally inquire how we/liould be able to support so enormous a charge ? The minider had informed the House, that there would dill be resources in the nation sufficient to support the war; if his Lordship meant that there was money in the country, his afiertion was undoubtedly just; but dill he would not agree with him that there were dill relourccs, because the war had exhausted them, as might be clearly ascertained by the great falling off in the value of land. If the noble Lord in the blue ribbon would go down to his estate in the country, and aik his tenants if there were resources, he was confident they would answer him in the negative; that our resources were exhauded, appeared all ’ o from the reduced price of wool, which had fallen in the proportion of from 22 and 20 shillings to 10.

He therefore advised the noble Lord not to suffer himself to be deluded by the vain hopes of finding supplies for feeding a war, which had already swallowed up almost all the resources of the country.

Sir Philip Jennings CIcrh spoke to an afiertion of the mi - $; r r. j. oilier on the day before, and also in the Address, that ct the Cierkc. war was a jud and necessary war, to maintain the essential

rights.

8

Mr. Dun combe.

MrWillion - int.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

rights of the empire. " This he denied; it was no such thing; and we could not with any truth aver, that we went to war with America for the maintenance of any just rights; for m mericans presented a petition, by the hands of Mr. Penn, coffering to agree to any fair, decent, and honourable terms. He could not, therefore, consent to a podtive falshood, and be an accomplice in saying that the war was either just or honourable; and he could not therefore agree to the address. In that petition, Congress, he well remembered, expressly declared themselves ready and willing to accede to any terms confident with their own freedom, and calculated to preserve the honour of the mother country. What could be more decern, what more dutiful ! But that petition was rejected; Mr. Penn was refused to be heard, and thence the spring of all our calamities; whoever therefore fugg sted that measure was responsible for all the mischiefs that had ensued, and ought to answer for them. The minister had called for union; how was it possible that they who had always reprobated the American war, could now be brought to agree to its continuance ? It was impossible.

Mr. Duncomle took notice of an observation of Mr Fox, the day before, that " by the amendment which he proposed, members would have an opportunity of consulting their con - dituents before they pledged themselves to the continuance of ’ the war. " This, he laid, he very much desired to do; as, by that means he should have an opportunity of discharginghis duty, and acting agreeable to the wishes of that mod respectable and numerous body of freeholders whom he was delegated to represent. Indeed he partly knew their sentiments. He knew that they abhorred the American war; he was therefore at no loss to act upon that subject. With regard to the resources talked of so frequently by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, if he meant the few guineas in gentlemen’s pockets, there might be found some little money; bttt with regard to the people in general, the case was widely different, the fast {landing cxaftly as the honourable Baronet who spoke lad but one had dated it. He said the American war was generally odious, and he was persuaded, however, gentlemen within doors might be pleased to argue, there was not a man, if lie Was to alk him his real fentirfcents without those walls, who would not acknowledge that the American war had nearly exhausted the bipod and treasure of this country, and was big with ruin.

Mr. ff ill ' uimPitt spoke next. He rose he said to give

vent to those sentiments of indignation which, in the pre -

fen

sing to be borne in fileace; the duty he owed to his sovereign and to his oWn country would not permit him to reniain in €lence when he saw ministers rutining headlong into mea - fores Which could end only in the ruin of the state 1 he wish ed to ( Hew his attachment to his sovereign and his family by Holding to him a language which would {hew him that he had been deceived by those to whom he looked for ad tice; Hewiflied to discharge his duty to his country by endeavouring to prevent Parliament from precipitately voting tn address which pledged the House in the mod direct man ner to profecote the American war, and support the continuance of that fatal system which had led this country ( lep by step to tlxe mod calamitous and disgraceful situation that ever a once flourishing and glorious empire could pofllbly be driven to ! a situation that threatened the final difiolution of the empire, if not prevented by timely wife, and vigorous efforts. He implored them to pause a moment and consider What they were doing. The Address then at the bar was tooched in terms the mod hypocritical and dclusive and if Offered in 1 crisis so alarming and melancholy to be pub Hshed to the World as the real sentiments of the House of Commons, it would be an additional misfortune, greater than any that had yet preceded it. It Would at once deceive the King, prostitute the judgment of Parliament and degrade its dignity, infuit the peopte, and ftiperinduce consequences fatal for the very being and existence of the empire It was an honed and a faithful line of conduct in them to warn both the sovereign and people af the dangers that were common to both ft was dot the base and deceitful language of adulation which Parliament should adopt; but that llile and that manner which became a body of men equally attached to their sovereign and their constituents. He was unable to account for the confidence of ministers, in proposing. an act - dress which pledged Parliament to measures without vouch fa - fingto give that Parliament any {ketch or outline of those plans and measures which the House were called upon to fhnftify \ in the better days of Parliament such conduct Would nave been treated with the indignation which it de - served They pretended to argue that the Address did not pledge the House to the war with America. — It was puerile Hd was de&ous to force ministers to break throi 1

H


DEBATES A. 17B1.

the supercilious silence in which those plans were veiled; or to silence the empty loquacity with which they endeavoured to argue men out of their senses. He asked, if there was a man in the House, who, after the late disaster which had befallen this country, could trufl the administration of affairs in the bands of the present ministers ? Gentlemen would recoiled the supplies thap had been voted; the means that - had been devised and adopted; the powers that had been entruf -; ted to them; and the use that they had made of them; that ’ use was loudly proclaimed by the captivity of Lord Cornwallis and his army. Were gentlemen then disposed to trust Hill the management of a war to the care of men who had already made lo bad a use of the confidence of Parliament ? Was the American war to have no end ? - And w re. the mi - j niflers, who, by all their measures, had only convinced the } nation of the abfurditv of carrying it on, to come to - that j. House, and to propose an address. which tied them down to prosecute the war, of the impropriety, - absurdity, in - justice, and rUinous tendency of which every marl in the < House was convnced ? What could make the American war an object so steadfastly to be adhered to ? Was there any. national object in the pursuit ? Certainly there was none.

• The real truth was, it was an appendage to the Ffrftj Lord of the Treasury too dear to be parted with ! it was the grand pillar, built on the ruins of the constitution, - by. which he held his situation; the great means of extending that baleful influence of the Crown on which alone he placed all his security ! But how could they expect that Parliament would repose confidence in them, when they themselves had no bond of union between them ? In his foul, he was satisfied,. that if he was to go from one end of the T, reafury - bench to the other, and ask every man who fat on it, ' if he could trust < >, his neighbour ? they would all antvver in the negative : and yet they expc£ted that confidence from Parliament which they had not in one another.

Evfer since he had left the House he spent his time in ask - ing himself what arguments had been given strong enough to persuade the House to go on with this war.. One of its ' avowed fttpporters, the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, speaking of the American war had declared, that, he ever had considered it, and still did consider it, as, a war just and nc - celTary, founded on the claim of a right that was tmdifputed. With regard to the grammatical or logical correctnefi of this

: " _. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. « v ° ' n 1

A. 1781. PARLIAMENTARY.

reason, he would not institute an inquiry, nor would he now enter into an argument upon the justice the war; that point having been sufficiently difeufled, for mankind to have made up their minds upon it. What the noble Lord meant by necessity, if he meant any thing short of a physical necessity, he was at a lots to imagine. That an end could not be put to the war, if Parliament resolved on fuel ) a measure, was too absurd an idea to be maintained. The war had been proved by fatal experience to be fruitless, and every day that we persisted in it clearly tended rather to create new. difficulties than smooth the path to peace and friendship. That the war was originally just and necessary was, however, the only argument of one noble Lord; let the House recollect what had fallen from another noble Lord, whole lit nation rendered all that he said apon the subject peculiarly the object of attention. That noble. Lord had held a very different language. Without laying claim to that boldness of pride and ambition, which alone could generate the hope of making America the victim of conquest, he had said, all his t hope rested on the more mild, lenient, and moderate expectation of the practicability of fending a sufficient force into the country, to enable the numerous friends of Greats Britain to get the better of the party that opposed them, and had possessed themselves of power. The noble Lord had told them, that he never imagined America could be recovered by arms, but that the loyalists, who were much lupe - rior to the hostile, would be able, with their atfiltance, to cffeCfc all that could be wished for. In order to see the wisdom of this conceit, Mr. Pitt advised the House to look back to the events of the war, and especially ' to those of the last, campaign, which were too recent, and of which every man’s breast was too full to render it necessary for him to undergo the anguish of describing them. Above all, he begged the house, if they wanted farther proof of the power of protection which Great - Britain was warranted to hold out, let them look at the articles of the capitulation of Lord Cornwallis, and let - them cast their their, eye on the answer to the tenth article. They would there fee, that all the friends of Great - Britain, all the loyalists, who had been treachcrously deluded to join Lord Cornwallis, and deceived by. false hopes and ill - founded prom ifes, so far from being protected, were, left to the, civil justice of the country. What the civil just tee of A me - nca Was, if was utterly impossible fov hip to &v, but if ‘ ~ ' H 2 ' the

4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

had asserted, that wc had no public. We had a public, otherwise that never could be a parliament. As the noble lord boasted so much of his resources, he called upon him tp know where they might be found. It was true, there bad been a subscription begun, 1 which had never been filled, although a certain nobleman in office had given two thousand pounds, another one thousand, another twenty, &c. &c. But the/e were. not sufficient. He confessed the noble lord, in the blue rib - l > on, was a most able financier. That he would bring tax upon tax. It was his boast to levy no burthens but upon luxuries. However, experience told us, that taxes always deerrafed the consumption of necessaries. Was the noble lord to be acquainted that tonnage had decreased from the year T775 to 1779, ( the year of making up the account ) in the proportion of five to three ? from these and other reasons, he should oppose any address, or vote of supplies, until the slate of accounts was fully and critically examined. The honourable geqtleraan observed art in the mode of calling together the members of that House. Formerly, they were used to be a ( Templed in October. Now it was the latter part of November. The reason of this he believed was, that such of the qicmbsrs who were obliged to attend their regiments encamped in the summer, might not think it ncceifary, to corpe to town for so small a time before the adjournment for the holidays, were thereby prevented from opposing such votes of supplies as were hurried through the House before they came to parliament. The minister did this on purpose. This was another reason For his deferring the address and any promifeof future grants to administration. But the most forcible reason that he had for wishing to defer the motion for the Address was, tfiat he finperely wished to ( he the plan adopted, recommended by two honourable gentlemen, of calling their constitueqts together, and taking their advice in this critical and alarming moment. It was an honest parliamentary cuf -. tom, as ancient as the copftitution itself, and was the best, means in the defective and much altered state of delegation, of reviving the true British practice of collecting the lenfeof their constituents.

Li. George ' Lord George Germaine rose, and fpokc with regard to the

Ccxmainc. farther prosecution of the American war. Certainly it was not the intention of his majesty’s ministers to bring the House, by an underhand and insidious vote to pledge themselves to the farther continuance of it; and he was a good deal fur - prized to hear gentlemen gravely argue that the words of the ' ' address

kddrefs conveyed thpt meaning, tie did not know how they had discovered it td figriify so much. Certainly it called upon us to pledge themselves to support such measures as should be necessary to the tbaintenane ' e of our elTential rights and permanent mterefts, and so far as the American war went to that end, so far, but no farther, did they pledge tjicmselves. It would afterwards become a question, whether the American war should be profectited or not ) when a specific proposition to that cfbcffc was before the House, then would be the moment for gentlemen to declare their opinion; with respect to his oWn opinion, it was perhaps needless for him to say, that he had entertained hopes of a better fate to the gallant army under the earl Cornwallis. It was a mod calamitous di ( after end what he should lament to the end of his life; but he Was ready, for the share which he had in it as the A - merican secretary, as his office was commonly called, to meet the ft rifle ft inquiry that gentlemen eould wifti to institutti The share which he had had in all the measures of the American war hf was ready to avow and to justify He had acted from the purest and the most honest motives. If gentlemen imagined that. he was enamoured of his situation, Wedded to it, and lothe to leave it, they were mistaken, they had often heard his sentiments on this fobjeft; he had never foliated the office j he had been called to it, and be was ready, with out reluctance or regret, to quit it; at the feme time, that he was not to be brow - beat nor clamoured out of it : when it should please his royal master it would please him *

The noble Lord laid he had neter been so ( anguine as to hope, or believe that we could reduce America to obedience by force of arms. He never thought this. All that he had ever believed, and that he had ever wished for was, to support, and give efficacy to the ftroggles of the loyalists against the inimical. He had always undqrstood that the loyalists were numerous, and that they wanted nothing but the a Alliance of the English arms to give them a decisive authority in the colonies. If he had been mistaken in his opinion; if he had been milled in his information, he. could not help it. He had Only to say, that if he was in error, it was an error in which he stili remained, for he yet believed that W had many friends in the colonies, who would be happy of a reconciliation With this country, upon terms of dependance. He would; never be the mini Her who should give up that dc - peodance He thought that this country depended upon its coae&ion with America for its very existence. Take away

G a

America,

44

PARLIAMENTARY 17

America, and we should fink into perfect iofignificance; prc - feive it, and he would venture to say *, it was yet the brightest jewel in the crown.

Mr. Dau Mr. Daideny spoke with great heat for the farther continuance of the American war. It was a war founded in jn - ' slice, and hecelfary to the honour as well as the inrerefls of this country. In saying this, he knew that he spoke the senti - ments of of the city which he was called upon to represent. The citizens of Bristol were witling to sacrifice half their fortunes in the prosecution of it. '

lord Mait - Lord Maitland speke forcibly against the Address an against the farther prosecution of the American war. He said that it was the mod idle and ridiculous thing in the world to aftert that the House were not pledged to the farther continuance of the American war. They certainly and dearly were so. He was astonished that ministers should persevere in what they law was so much against the wishes and the inclinations of the people. Had they no apprehensions of the vengeance of a free, a great, and a suffering people ? bur, he was lorry to say, that that vigorous spirit which used to distinguish us as a nation, seemed now to be latent in out bofbms,

' if it was not altogether dead. There was an indifference about every thing which respected the nation, that made him tremble more than the foreign dangers which surrounded us. There was not a people in the world, except ourselves, whp would not have been arouzed by the calamity, and have •plucked those men from the authority which they had abused.

But we were wedded to misfortune. They had made disaster familiar to us. Were they not apprehensive of the future historian; if they were perfectly indifferent of their prefect figure, what would be said of them ? What would even the •moil favourable and partial friend say of them in writing the lriftory of the picfent time. They had a specimen of what •they were to expe£l, in the writings of one of the greatest historians now living ( Mr. Gibbon ), who had praised them for the discovery of the little insignificant island of Otaheite, to cover the shame, or to conceal their loss of the continent of America. He adverted to what Mr Orde had said of the ( duty there was of the people appearing in suits of aimour before tl > e King. He laid it would have a much better effect, and would sooner restore us to our native grandeur, if the people would appear in suits of armour before the ministry.

Mr. R gby. Mr K&y adverted to what bad fallen from Mr. Fox *

relating to an afleruon which had dr opt from him at a for -

1 met

45

A. 1781. ’ DEBATES. -

mer period of time. It was very true he had said, that if the conquest of Charles - town did riot operate decisively in our favour, he had determined to go no farther, so orie, in its prosecution. It was his sinceye honest sentiment, that it would be madness to persevere in the war, against the evidence of positive and avowed disaffection. If he law that it produced no effect upon the minds of the people in that country, that they remained sullenly idifnical to Great Britain, rejecting her proffered friendfnip, that then he should abandon all hopes of reducing America by force. He had Jiesaid this then; he said it now. But whatever might be hi ? opinion, with regard to the farther prosecution of the American war, the present was not the time when he was called upon to deliver it, or ro shew it by his vote. The questicm of the American war was not before the House. It was only proposed to them, to agree to an add refs to the Throne, proroifing to support his Majesty in his endeavonrs to maintain and preserve the essential rights and permanent interests of this country. Could there polfibly be a second question about that ? Could the House hehtate a moment in agreeing with the honourable gentleman, who moved for such an act - dress, at such a moment ? It met with his - sincere concurrence; and he gave his vote for it as heartily and as freely as he ever did upon any occasion. He could not help taking notice of what had fallen from several gentleman, of their desiring to take counsel from their constituents at this crisis.

What ! was not the sense of the nation to be ccllc&ed in that House ? such applications to the people were unconftitu - tional, if not illegal; they led to drafter, public tumult, and outrage. He was always against them; first, because they were unnecessary; for the the great constituent body of the people, having delegated their voice to their representatives, their representatives only could pronounce it; and he was against it also, because it was dargerous, for it tended todisturb tfye peaceable government of the country.

General Conway spoke with great energy against the farther Ctnml prosecution of this unnatural war. The arguments that had been advanced on the one side of the House, only went to prove, that his Majesty’s ministers had not dared to do that openly, which yet they wished to do; they had not dared to call the House to support them specifically in continuing the American war; but they had done it as effectually by the address which was proposed, as if it had been absolutely and npreflly mentioned# The honourable gentleman ( Mr,

, Burke )

Digttized

6 PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 8i;

Burke ) had made it manifest; it did mean9 and it could mean nothing else; and must he, in this mod awful manner, pledge himself to the farther prosecution of that, from which all our evils had sprung ? must he go up to his royal mailer, and give him assurance that he would support him with his life and fortune, in that which he was convinced would bring ruin upon his country. He should be a traitor to his king and country if he wa9 to a A in this manner.

Mr. Sheri - Mr. Sheridan attacked Mr. Rigby for the contemptuous manner in which he bad fpoktn, and always did speak, of I the constituent body of the country. He defended the ho - i nourable member’s ideas on the subject, and argued very forcibly on Mr. Rigby’s declaration, that the House were in possession of all the lense of the country. Mr. Sheridan then adverted to the arguments that had been urged to claim the confidence and support of the House at this juncture, which, he said, all went to prove, that ministers were entitled to the support of the country, in proportion as they shewed themselves unfit to govern it. He was particularly happy in his manner of handling what Lord George Germaine af - ferted, that he stilt continued to regard America as the hrighteft jewel of the crown.

Mr. Rigby. Mr Rigby rofc to explain, and said, he would not have it go forth, at a flme there was so full a gallery, that he had spoken so contemptuously of the rights of the people; he had objected only to the difficulty of gathering their sentiments in a peaceable manner.

Hr. Fox. Mr. Fox then rofc, ( and after some debate on the point tof order, respecting the right of reply, claimed by those who had made a motion ) and, in another rood mafherly : speech, replied to the arguments which had been advanced on the other fide of the House against the amendment which ht had proposed, and which had been so ably supported by arguments of the most forcible kind; and so weakly opposed by fallacious and puerile quibbles. All the argument, if it de - served the name, or rather all the wrangling, was for the burpose of maintaining that the address did not pledge the House to the continuance and support of the American war. So contemptible an evafton little deserved the reception with which it had met, but his honourable friend had compleatly overturned it; for if our language spoke plainer, or our terms were more explicit, he would refer to the cool deterxni - nation of every man, who was not a minister, in the House He referred to the harsh and exulting tpanner in which Lord x Mulgrave

♦7

A. 1781 DEBATES.

Mulgrave took up and twitted an epression of his; and he answered, one by one, every argument that had been advanced.

Then the House divided on the amendment; Ayes, 129; noes, 218. — The original Address was then agreed to, and a Committee appointed to draw it up.

November 28.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, appointed the MrPercetU day before, to draw up an address to be presented to his Majesty, that the committee had drawn up an address accordingly, Which they had directed him to report to the House.

He therefore moved for leave to bring it up.

Sir jyilliam Wake objected to the report being brought UP > s; r wiUi and begged to be indulged with a minute or two. He said, Um

That in the debate of yesterday, unanimity of sentiment,. and a total jundlion of persons, were said to be the only means to bring this country out of that wretched fixation in which she was at present involved. Union was certainly an object not to bc attained by the present address; for, as it stated things that were not, men, ' instead of union, mutt rather wish to oppose a war which created such an expence of blood and treasure; but, besides, every rational man would naturally inquire how we/hould be able Jo support so enormous a charge ? The minister had informed the House, that there would still be resources in the nation sufficient to support the war; if his Lordship meant that there was money in the country, his assertion was undoubtedly just; but still he would not agree with him that there were still relourccs, because the war had exhausted them, as might be clearly ascertained by the great falling off in the value of land. If the noble Lord in the blue ribbon would go down to his estate in the country, and aik his tenants if there were resources, he was confident they would answer him in the negative; that our resources were exhausted, appeared also from the reduced price of wool, which had fallen in the proportion of from 22 and 20 shillings to 10.

He therefore advised the noble I - ord not to suffer himself to be deluded by the vain hopes of finding supplies for feeding a war, which had already swallowed up alinoft all the resources of the country.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke fpokc to an afiertion of the mi - sir p. j. oilier on the day before, and also in the Address, that the Cierke. war was a just and necessary war, to maintain the cflentui

rights

« 8

Mr. Dun -

tombe.

MrW. n - sm Kit.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 r -

rights of the empire. " This he denied; it was no such thing; and we could not with any truth aver, that we went to war with America for the maintenance of any just rights; for m mericanspresented a petition, by the hands of Mr. Penn, coffering to agree to any fair, decent, and honourable terms.

He could not, therefore, consent to a positive falshood, and be an accomplice in saying that the war was either just or honourable; and he could not therefore agree to the address.

In that petition, Congress, he well remembered, expressly declared themselves ready and willing to accede to any terms confident with their own freedom, and calculated to preserve the honour of the mother country. What could be more decern, what more dutiful ! But that petition was rejected; Mr. Penn was refused to be heard, and thence the spring of all our calamities; whoever therefore fuggffted that measure was responsiblf for all the mischiefs that had ensued, and ought to answer for them. The minister had called for union; how was it possible that they who had always reprobated the American war, could now be brought to agree to its continuance ? It was impossible.

Mr. Duncombetook notice of an observation of Mr, Fox ’,

the day before, that " by the amendment which he proposed, members would have an opportunity of consulting their con - ftituents before they pledged themselves to the continuance of the war. " This, he laid, he very much desired to do; as, by that means he should have an opportunity of dif - < charging his duty, and acting agreeable to the wishes of that most rctpcstable and numerous body of freeholders whom he was delegated to rcprelent. Indeed he partly knew their 1 sentiments. He knew that they abhorred the American war; he was therefore at no loss to act upon that subject. With regard to the resources talked of so frequently by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, if he meant the few guineas in gentlemen’s pockets, there might be found some little money; I bflt with regard to the people in general, the case was widely different, the fast ( landing cxaftly as the honourable Baronet w ho spoke last but one had dated it. He said the A me - ! rican war was generally odious, and he wa < persuaded, however, gentlemen within doors might be pleased to argue, there was not a man, if he was to alk him his real sentiments without those tvalls, who would not acknowledge that the American war had nearly exhausted the blood and treasure of this country, and was big with ruin.

Mr. Jl ' iHiam Pitt spoke next. He rose he said to give (

vent to those lcniiments of indignation which, in the prefect

( ^.

sing to be borne in fllen£e; the duty He owed to his sovereign and to his oWn country would not permit him to remain in silence when he saw ministers ruiining headlong into measures Which could end only iii the ruin of the Hate \ he wifti ed to Blew his attachment to his sovereign and his Family, by Holding to him a language which would shew him that he bad been deceived by those to whom he looked for ad Vice he wilKed to discharge his duty to his country by endeavouring to prevent Parliament from precipitately voting tn address which pledged the House in the moll direct man her to profecOte the American war, add support the conti - nuance of that fatal system which had led this country flep by dep to the mod calamitous and disgraceful situation that ever a once flourishing and glorious empire couldpofilbly be driven to ! a situation that threatened the final difloliition of the empire, if not prevented by timely, wife, and vigorous efforts. He implored them to pause a moment and consider What they were doing. The Address then at the bar was touched in terms the mod hypocritical and delusive, and if {offered in 1 crisis so farming and melancholy to be pub Hiked to the World as the real sentiments of the House of Commons, it would be an additional misfortune, greater than any that had yet preceded If. It Would at once deceive the King, proditute the judgment of Parliament and degrade its dignity, infuit the peopte, and superinduce consequences fetal to the very being and exidence of the empire It was an houeft and a faithful line of conduit in them to warn both the sovereign and people of the dangers that were common to both ft was not the base and deceitful language of adulation which Parliament should adopt; but that dile and that manner Which became a body of men equally attached to their sovereign and their condituents. He was unable to account for the confidence of miniders, in proposing, an address which pledged Parliament to measures without voochfa - sing to give that Parliament any {ketch or outline of those plans and measures which the House were called upon to fan&ifyj in the better days of Parliament such conduit Would hive been treated with the indignation which it defended They pretended to argue that the Address did not pledge the House to the war with America. — It was puerile was defirotis to force miniders to break throi 1

H

DEBATES. A. i7 i.

the supercilious silence in which those plans were veiled; or to silence the empty loquacity with which they endeavoured to argue men out of their senses. He asked, there was a man in the House, who, after the late disaster which had befallen this country, could trust the administration of affairs in the hands of the present ministers ? Gentlemen would recoiled ! the supplies thap had been voted; the means that - had been devised and adopted; the powers that had been entruf - ted to them; and the use that they had made of them; that use was loudly proclaimed by the captivity of Lord Cornwallis and his army. Were gentlemen then disposed to trufl : still the management of a war to the care of men who had already made lo bad a use of the confidence of Parliament ? Was the American war to have no end - And w re the mi - niflers, who, by all their measures, had only convinced the nation of the abfurditv of carrying it on, to come to that. House, and to propose an address which tied them down to prosecute the war, of the impropriety,. abfurdily, itv - justice, and rUinous tendency of which every man in the House was convmced ? What could make the American war an object lb steadfastly to be adhered to ? Was there any national object in the pursuit ? Certainly there was none.

• The real truth was, it was an appendage to the Ffrfe3 Lord of the Treasury too dear to be parted with ! it was the grand pillar, built on the ruins of the constitution,. by which he held his situation; the great means of extending that baleful influence of the Crown on which alone he placed all his security ! But how could they expcdl that Parliament would Tepose confidence in them, when they themselves had no bond of union between them ? In fiis foul, he was satisfied,. that if he was to go from one end of the Treasury - bench to the other, and ask every man who fat on it, ' if he could trust ■, his neighbour ? they would all answer in the negative : and yet they expedfed that confidence from Parliament which they had not in one another.

Ever since he had left the House lie spent his time in ask - ing himself what arguments had been given strong enough ‘to persuade the House to go on with this war.. One of its ‘avowed fttpporters, the noble Lord in the bluq ribbon, speaking of the American war had declared, that, he ever had considered it, and still did consider it, as a war just and ne - cellary, founded on the claim of a right that was undisputecL With regard to the grammatical or logical correctnet of this

" '. « V ° n

A. 1781. PARLIAMENTARY.

reason, he would not institute an inquiry, nor would he now enter into an argument upon the justice of the war; that point having been sufficiently difeufled, for mankind, to have made up their minds upon it. What the noble Lord meant by neceility, if he meant any thing short of a physical necessity, he was at a loss to imagine. That an end could not be put to the war, if Parliament resolved on such a measure, was too absurd an idea to be maintained. The war had been proved by fatal experience to be fruitless, and every day that we persisted in it clearly tended rather to create new. difficulties than fmootli the path to peace and friendship.

That the war was originally just and necessary was, however, the only argument of one noble Lord; let the House recollect what had fallen from another noble Lord, ' whole situation rendered all that he said upon the subject peculiarly the object of attention. That noble, Lord had held a very different language. Without laying claim to that boldness of pride and ambition, which alone could generate the hope of making America the victim of conquest, he had laid, all hi&, hope rested on the more mild, lenient, and moderate expectation of the practicability of fending a sufficient force into the country, to enable the numerous friends of Greats

Britain to get the better of the party that r pposed them, and had possessed themselves of power. The noble Lord had

told them, that he never imagined America could be recovered by arms, but that the loyalists, who were much fupc - rior to the hostile, would be able, with their affiltance, to effect all that could be wished for. In order to lee the wisdom of this conceit, Mr. Pitt advised the House to look back to the events of the war, and especially to those of the last, campaign, which were too recent, and of which every man’s breast was too full to render it necessary for him to undergo the anguish of describing them. Above all, he begged the house, if they wanted farther proof of the power of protection which Great - Britain was warranted to hold out, let them look at the articles of the capitulation of Lord Cornwallis, and let - them cast their their, eye on the answer to the tenth article.

They would there fee, that all the friends of Great - Britain, all the loyalists, who had been trtncherously deluded to joia Lord Cornwallis, and deceived by falte hopes and ill - founded promises, so far from being protected, were left to thex. civil justice of the country. What the civil justice of A me -

Tica was, it was utterly impossible for him toiav, bur if / - w ' 02 c the ’

4© PARLIAMENTARY 17S1

joined they have forced your armies to surrender arrd yet the nob cLord at this moment comes duhvn and tells the Parliament of the nation that he has reined, infolently tells them that we are fighting for a right : he said insolently foT it was an insult upon the patience of the Parliament. But he begged pardon, he agreed with the honourable gentleman ( Mr. T ritt ), that there was no parliament, no people or else such language, at such a day, would not be hazarded, much less suffered.

But this was like all the rest i it was only a fresh attempt to impose, to delude, and to draw on the people He went Into a recital of the various stories which they had told and of the various doctrines and various plans Which they had held and abandoned, and taken up again. But what had our yar with America been, but a continual series of marching and countermarching, of taking and evacuating : indeed the different places in America seemed to undergo an excrcmen - jitious evacuation, analogous to that of the human body : and the noble Lord comes, fays he, and recommends to us an Act - clrcfs, assisting, fays he, to carry on this very useless if not very injurious war; and this is to be in the language of clapping on the back, " who’s afraid and such other vulgar cant; for, diveiling it of its phraseology, what else is the echo of the royal speech, but those fame vulgar expressions couched in better terms r

He was averse from deceiving and amusing the people tyith \vhat he felt impracticable. He trusted A day of reckoning would come; and whenever that day came, he should be able, by impeachment, to bring upon the heads of the, author ? of these unhappy affairs the punishment of them. ' ‘The nation, as an animal, was dead; but the vermin which fed on it had Hill an existence. He had looked cautiously at the conduCl of Lord Cornwallis; his gallantry he attested; but what had his operations been, but marching and counter - marching from north to south and from the mountains to the fca, and from the fca to the mountains This had been to deceive the people here, and make them Relieve that we had a proportionate intefeft in the country to the extent of territory traveifed; and to confirm ntis, nd to prove the certain subjpgation of Virginia, J ord Dunmore was sent out to be governor. Bat tho operations of the Americans were certain though silent; and though tardy, effective Where real geperalship was to be manifcfttd, they had shewn it - Nor was this the only 3 instanct

A. t ? 8i. DEBATES. i

infiance of captured armies : Where was General Burgoyne s army r Redde nobis kg tones Give us back our force, nor protract this burthensome, disgraceful, for it is not unfortunate, war, which, ulike a wounded snake, drags its flow length alonglet us not hug in our bofora that snake,

, which will sting us even to the last agony of dissolution.

Lord Nugent spoke shortly on the point, that the Speech Lu Nugent, and Address did not pledge the House to the continuance of the American war. The honourable gentleman’s oratory could do any thing; it was fafeinating, it had the power of incantation; but it was not an easy thing to create fomc - thing out of nothing. There was no ground in the Address for the honourable gentleman to go upon. The House. were. desired to pledge themselves to the support of the rights and interests of this country; and furclv they would all do that.

They were not to lie down and die, becoufc they had met with a misfortune in Virginia. They were to be arouzed by it; they were to snatch new courage from it, and be doubly armed and doubly active. If they must fall, let them in the name of God perish like Britons, < 4 greatly falling with a falling state, " if it was a falling ( late, but wjbich he could not by any means allow. He was not for despondency : but as to the American war, he confdfed he had his thoughts about it; he thought things grew worlc and worse; and he was come to think, that it would be more, adviseable even to acknowledge their independency, than to goon playing the fame loosing game against them, by pur - suing the war in the fame way as we had done; nay, in sass, it would be policy to acknowledge their independence. But we would come to talk of the American war another days The business now was to vote a suitable Answer to the King’s Speech; and, he declared in his conscience the one proposed was, he thought, very proper.

Colonel Barre rose next. He confdfed that he came with Col. Barre. the greatest coolncfs of temper to the House; but his feelings i were so hurt at the Address, and the speech of the Minister that it was with the greatest difficulty he could restrain his indignation. He took a retrospective view of our late Losses and proceedings in the colonies and the West - Indies. In one year we had loft Dominica, the following year Grenada, the npxt St. Vincent, and now we had loft Tobago. Here hp proved the defence was so small, in respect to foldicry, that there was only 41 men in the garrison, and there were found three cannon and four mortars to one man. He was sorry to differ from the honourable gentleman ( Mr; Burke ) who V9 L. Vf Q M

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

had asserted, that wc had no public. We had a public, otherwise that never could be a parliament. As the noble lord boasted so much of his resources, he called upon him to ( enow where they might be found. It was true, there had been a subscription begun, ' which had never been filled, although a certain nobleman in office had given two thousand pounds, another one thousand, another twenty, &c. &c. But these were not sufficient. He confessed the noble lord, in the blue rib - l > on, was a most able financier. That he would bring tax upon tax. It was his hoaft to levy no burthens but upon luxuries. However, experience told us, that taxes always deerrafed the consumption of necessaries. Was the noble lord to be acquainted that tonnage had decreased from the year T775 to 1779, ( the year of making up the account ) in the proportion of five to three ? from these and other reasons, lie should oppose any address, or vote of supplies, until the state of accqunts was fully and critically examined. The honourable geqtleraan observed art in the mode of calling together the members of that House. Formerly, they were used to be assembled in October. Now it was the latter part of November. The reason of this he believed was, that such of the members who were obliged to attend their regiments encamped in the summer, might not think it necessary to come to town for so fmalVa time before the adjournment for the holidays, were thereby prevented from opposing such votes of supplies as were hurried through the House before they came to parliament. The minister did this on purpose. This was another reason for his deferring the address and any promifeof future grants to administration. But the most forcible reason that he had for wishing to defer the motion for the Address was, that he finperely wished to see the plan adopted, recommended by two honourable gentlemen, of calling their constituepts together, and taking their advice in this critical and alarming moment. It was an honest parliamentary cuf -. tom, as ancient as the copftitution itself, and was the bell means in the defective and much altered state of delegation, of reviving the true British practice of cohering the lense of their constituents.

. George ’ Lord George Germaine rose, and spoke with regard to the

rmamc. farther prosecution of the American war. Certainly it was not the intention of his majesty’s ministers to bring the House, by an underhand and insidious vote to pledge themselves to the farther continuance of it; and he was a good deal fur - prized to hear gentlemen gravely argue that the words of the

address

le

add refs conveyed thpt meaning. He did not know how they had discovered it to fighify so much. Certainly it called upon us to pledge themselves to support such measures as should be necdlary to the ibaintenance of our elfcntial rights and permanent interests, and so far as the American war went to that end, ( o far, but no farther, did they pledge themselves. It would afterwards become a quedion, whether the American war should be prosecuted or not ? when a specific propofniorl to that effect was before the House, then would be the moment for gentlemen to declare their opinion; with respect to his own opinion, it was perhaps needless for him to say, that he had entertained hopes of a better fate to the gallant army under the earl Cornwallis It wis a ' most calamitous di fader, and what he should lament to the end of his life; but he was ready, for the share which he had in it as the A - merican secretary, as his office was commonly called, to meet the drifted inquiry that gentlemen eould with to inditute The share which he had had in all the measures of the American war, ho was ready to avow and to judify. He had acted from the purest and the mod honed motives. If gentlemen imagined that he was enamoured of his dtuation, wedded to it, and lothe to leave it, they wete midaken, they had ofteft heard his sentiments on this subjoft; he had never iblicitod the office; he had been called to it, and he Was ready, with out reluctance or regret, to quit it; at the Dime time, that he was not to be brow - beat nor clamoured out of it : when it should please his royal made ? it would please him *

The noble Lord laid, he had never been so {anguine as to hope, or believe, that we could reduce America to obedience by force of arms. He never thought this. All that he had ever believed, and that he had ever wished for was to support, and give efficacy to the druggies of the loyahlls against the inimicah He had always undqrdood that the loyalida were numerous, and that they wanted nothing but the assist ance of the English arms to give them adecifive authority in the colonies. If he bad been midaken in his opinion; if he had been milled in his information, he. could not help it. He had Only to say, that if he was in error, it was an error in which he still remained, for be yet believed that vn had many friends in the colonies, who would be happy of a reconciliation With this country, upon terms of dependance. He would never be the minider who should give up that dependance Hc thought that this country depended upon its enaction with America for its very evidence Take away

C a

America,

44

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

America, and we should fink mio perfect insignificance; pre - feive it, and he would venture to say, it was yet the brightest jewel in the crown.

Mr. Dau Mr. Daulenyfpoke with great heat for the farther con - < ny tinuanqc of the American war. It was a war founded in ju - ' ftice, and necessary to the honour as well as the inrerefts of this country. In saying this, he knew that he spoke the lenti - ments of Of the city which he was ealted upon to represent. The citizens of Bristol were willing to sacrifice half their fortunes in the prosecution of it. v

lord Wait - Lord Maitland spoke forcibly against the Address and a land. ' gainst the farther prosecution of the American war. He said that it was the most idle and ridiculous thing in the world to assert that the House were not pledged to the farther continuance of the American war. They certainly and clearly were so. He was allonished that ministers should persevere in what they favv was so much against the wilshes and the inclinations of the people. Had they no apprehensions of the vengeance of a free, a great, and a suffering people ? but, lie was lorry to say, that that vigorous fpiirit which used to distinguish us as a nation, seemed now to be latent in our bofbms,

' if it was not altogether dead. There was an indifference about every thing which respected the nation, that made him tremble more than the foreign dangers which surrounded us. There was not a people in the world, except ourselves, whp would not have been arouzed by the calamity, and have plucked those men from the authority which they had abused. But we were wedded to misfortune. They had made disaster familiar to us. Were they not apprehensive of the future historian; if they were perfectly indifferent of their prefect figure, what would be said of them ? What would even the •most favourable and partial friend say of them in writing thfc history of the picfent time. They had a specimen of what they were to expett, in the writings of one of the greatest historians now living ( Mr. Gibbon ), who had praised them for the discovery of the little insignificant island of Otaheite, to cover thelhame, or to conceal their loss of the continent of America. He adverted to what Mr Orde had said of the duty there was of the people appearing in luits of aimour before tl > e King. He said it would have a much better effect, and would sooner restore us to our native grandeur, if the

I

iner

45

A 1781. DEBATES.

mcr period of time. It was very true he had said, that if the conquest of Charles - town did riot operate decisively in our favour, he had determined to go no farther, so one, in its prosecution. It was his since c honest sentiment, that it would be madness to persevere in the war, against the evidence of positive and avowed difafFedtion. If he law that it produced no effect upon the minds of the people in that country, that they remained sullenly inimical to Great Britain, rejecting her proffered friendship, that then he should abandon all hopes of reducing America by force. He had hesaid this then; he said it now. But whatever might be his opinion, with regard to the farther prosecution of the American war, the present was not the time when he was called upon to deliver it, or to shew it by his vote. The question of the American war was not before the House. It was only proposed to them, to agree to an add refs to the Throne, proraifing to support his Majesty in his endeavonrs to maintain and preserve the essential rights and permanent interests of this country. C. ould there poifibly be a second question about that ? Could the House hesitate a moment in agreeing with the honourable gentleman, who moved for such an act - dress, at such a moment ? It met with his - sincere concurrence; and he gave his vote for it as heartily and as freely as he ever did upon any Occasion. He could not help taking notice of what had fallen from several gentleman, of their desiring to take counsel from their constituents at this crisis.

What ! was not the sense of the nation to be cclle&ed in that House ? such applications to the people were unconftitu - Vional, if not illegal; they led to di after, public tumult, and outrage. He was always against them; first, because they were unnecelFary; for the the great constituent body of the people, having delegated their voice to their representatives, their representatives only could pronounce it; and he was against it also, because it was dargerous, for it tended todisturb the peaceable government of the country.

Qcneral Conway spoke with great energy against the farther Central prosecution of this unnatural war. The arguments that had been advanced on the one side of the House, only went to prove, that his Majesty’s ministers had not dared to do that openly, which yet they wished to do; they had not dared to all the House to support them specifically in continuing the American war; but they had done it as effectually by the addrels which was proposed, as if it had been absolutely and expressly mentioned# The honourable gentleman ( Mr.

, Burke )

t

6 PARLI AMENTARY A.

Burke ) had made it manifed; it did mean, and it could mean nothing else; and mud he, in this mod awful manner, pledge himself to the farther prosecution of that, from which all our evils had sprung }mud he go up to his royal mader, and give him assurance that he would support him with his life and fortune, in that which he was convinced would bring ruin upon his country. Me should be a traitor to his king and country if he was to act in this manner,

Mr. Sheri - Mr. Sheridan attacked Mr Rigby for thd contemptuous manner in which he had fpoktn, and always did speak, of the condituent body of the country. He defended the honourable member’s ideas on the subject, and argued very forcibly on Mr. Rigby’s declaration, that the House were in possession of all the sense of the country. Mr. Sheridan then adverted to the arguments that had been urged to claim the confidence and support of the House at this juncture, which, he said, all went to prove, that miniders were entitled to the support of the country, in proportiejn as they shewed themselves unfit to govern it. He was particularly happy in his manner of handling what Lord George Germaine af - ferted, that he dill continued to regard America as the hrighted jewel of the crown.

Mr. Rigby. Mr. Righy rose to explain, and said, he Would not have it go forth, at a tfme there was so full a gallery, that he had j spoken so contemptuously of the rights of the people; he had 1 objected only to the difficulty of gathering their sentimenta ill a peaceable manner ., j

Hr. Fox. Mr. Fox then rose, ( and after some debate on the point tof order, respecting the right of reply, chimed by those who had made a motion ) and, in another mod inaiierly : speech, replied to the arguments which had been advanced on the other fide of the House against the amendment which hr, had proposed, and which had been so ably supported by ar - - guments of the mod forcible kind; and so weakly opposed by fallacious and puerile quibbles All the argument, if it tie - % served the name, or rather all the wrangling, was for tb « $ purpose of maintaining that the address did not pledge the >, House to the continuance and support of the American war. 4 Bo contemptible an evasion little deserved the reception with which it had met but his honourable friend had compleatljr overturned it; for if our language spoke plainer, or our £ terms were more explicit, he would refer to the cool determi [ nation of every man, who was not a minider, in the House f ) He referred to the harsh and exulting gunner in which Lord

Mulgrarc

L

A. 1781. DEBATES.

47

Mulgrave took up and twisted an expredion of his; and he answered, orxe by one, every argument that had been advanced.

Then the House divided on the amendment; Ayes, 129; noes, 218. — The original Address was then agreed to, and a Committee appointed to draw it up.

November 28.

Mr. Perceval reported from the Committee, appointed the MrPercerU day before, to draw up an address to be presented to his Majesty, that the committee had drawn up an address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House.

He therefore moved for leave to bring it up.

Sir Ufiliiam Wake objected to the report being brought UP > sir Willi and begged to be indulged with a minute or two. He said, vvlke ! That in the debate of yesterday, unanimity of sentiment,. and a total jun£tion of persons, were said to be the only means to bring this country out of that wretched fixation in which ( he was at present involved. Union was certainly an object not to be attained by the present addreis; for, as it dated things that were not, men, indead of union, mud rather wish to oppose a war which created such an expence of blood and treasure; but, besides, every rational man would naturally inquire how we/hould be able to support so enormous a charge } The minider bad informed the House, that there would dill be resources in the nation sufficient to support the war; if his Lordship meant that there was money in the country, his adertion was undoubtedly just; but dill he would not agree with him that there were dill resources, because the war had exhauded them, as might be clearly ascertained by the great falling off in the value of land. If the noble Lord in the blue ribbon would go down to his estate in the country, and a Ik his tenants if there were resources, he was confident they would answerhim in the negative; that our resources were exhauded, appeared also from the reduced price of wool, which had fallen in the proportion of from 22 and 20 shillings to 10.

He therefore advised the noble L ° rd not to fufFcr himself to be deluded by the vain hopes of finding supplies for feeding a war, which had already swallowed up almod all the resources of the country.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke spoke to an adertion of the mi - s; r p. j, aider on the day before, and also in the Address, that ct the Clerke. war was a just and necessary war, to maintain the cflentiil

right *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

rights of the empire. " This he denied; it was no stich thing; and we could not with any truth aver, that we went to war with America for the maintenance of any just rights; for rt mericans presented a petition, by the hands of Mr. Penn, coffering to agree to any fair, decent, and honourable terms. He could not, therefore, consent to a positive falshood, and be an accomplice in saying that the war was either just or honourable; and he could not therefore agree to the address. In that petition, Congress, he well remembered, expressly declared themselves ready and willing to accede to any terms confident with their own freedom, and calculated to preserve the honour of the mother country. What could be more decern, what more dutiful ! But that petition was rejected; Mr. Penn was refused to be heard, and thence the spring of all our calamities; whoever therefore fuggrfted that measure was responsibL for all the mischiefs that had ensued, and ought to answer for them. The minister had called for union; how was it possible that they who had always reprobated the American war, could now be brought to agree to its continuance ? It was impossible.

Mr. Don. Mr. Duncomlt took notice of an observntion of Mr. Fox, combe. the dny before, that 4 < by the amendment which he proposed, members would have an opportunity of confolting their con - ftiruents before they pledged themselves to the continuance of the war. " This, he laid, he very much desired to do; as, by that means he should have an opportunity of dif - chnrginghis duty, and acting agreeable to the wishes of that most respectable and numerous body of freeholders whom he was delegated to rcprel ' cnt. Indeed he partly knew their sentiments. He knew that they abhorred the American war; be was therefore at no loss to act upon that subject. With regard to the resources talked of so frequently by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, if he meant the few guineas in gentlemen’s pockets, there might be found feme little money;

but with regard to the people in general, the case was widely different, the fn£l {landing cxa£lly as the honourable Baronet who fpokc last but one had stated it,. He said the American war was generally odious, and he wa persuaded, however, gentlemen within doors might be pleased to argue, there was not a man, if he was to aik him his real fcntiriients without those walls, who would not acknowledge that the American war had nearly exhausted the blood and treasure of this country, and was big with ruin.

Mr. U ' llliam Pitt fpokc next. He role lie said to give

fiit. vent to those ientiments of indignation which, in the present

fine to be borne in ( lienee; the duty he owed to his sovereign and to his oWn country would not permit him to remain in silence When he saw ministers rutining headlong into mea - fores Which could end only iii the ruin of the ( late i he wifti fed to ( Hew his attachment to his sovereign and his Family, by Holding to him a language which would shew him that be had been deceived by those to whom he looked for ad vice \ he wirtied to discharge his duty to his country by endeavouring to prevent Parliament fronrf precipitately voting an address which pledged the House in the mod directe man her to profecilte the American war, and support the continuance df that fatal system which had led this country Hep by Hep to the mod calamitous and disgraceful Htuation that ever a once flouri ( hing and glorious empire could pofilbl v be driven to ! a situation that threatened the final diuolution of the empire, if not prevented by timely, wife, and vigorous efforts. He implored them to pailfe a moment} and consider What they were doing. The Address then at the bar was touched in terms the mod hypocritical and delusive, and if fblfeTed in a Crisis so farming and melancholy to be pub - Hshed to the World as the real sentiments of the House of Commons, it would be an additional misfortune, greater than any that had yet preceded It. It Would at once deceive the King, prostitute the judgment of Parliament and degrade its dignity, insult the peopte, and superinduce confluences fatal to the very being and exidence of the empire It was an honest and a faithful line of condutt in them to warn both the sovereign and people of the dangers that wore common to both, ft was not the base and deceitful language of adulation which Parliament should adopt; but that Hile and that mannef which became a body of men equally attached to their sovereigrt and their constituents. He was unable to account for the confidence of ministers, in proposing. an address which pledged Parliament to measures without vouchfa - to give that Parliament any ( ketch or outline of those plans and measures which the House were called upon to fen&ify; in the better days of Parliament such condufit Would have been treated with the indignation which it deferred. They pretended to argue that the Address did not pledge the House to the war with America. — It was puerile ' Hd was ddkous to force ministers to break throv 1

H

5

DEBATES, A. i7 i.

the supercilious silence in which those plans were, veiled; or to silence the empty loquacity with which they endeavoured to argue men out of their senses. He asked, if there was a man in the House, who, after the late disaster which had befallen this country, could trufl the administration of affairs in the hands of the, present ministers ? Gentlemen would recoiled the supplies that had been voted; the means that - had been devised and adopted; the powers that had been entrusted to them; and the use that they had made of them; that "ufe was loudly proclaimed by the captivity of Lord Cornwallis and his army. Were gentlemen then disposed to trud; Hill the management of a war to the care of men who had already made lo bad a use of the confidence of Parliament ? Was the American war to have no end ? - And wqrc /the mi - niflers, who, by all their measures, had only convinced the nation of the abfurditv of carrying it on, to come to - that. House, and to propose an address which tied them down to prosecute the war, of the impropriety, bfurdiiy, in - ' justice, and ruinous tendency of which every njail in the House was convinced ? What could make the American war an object so steadfastly to be adhered to ? Was there any national object in the pursuit ? Certainly therp was none.. The real truth was, it was an appendage to the FJrft. Lord of the Treasury too dear to be parted with ! it was the grand pillar, built on the ruins of the constitution, - by which he held his situation; the great means of extending that baleft influence of the Crown on which alone he placed all his fc - curity ! But how could they expc£t that Parliament would Tepose confidence in them, when they themselves. had no bond of union between them ? In His foul, he was satisfied,. that if he was to go from one end of the Tlreafury bench to the other, and ask every man who fat on it, if he could trust •, his neighbour ? they would all answer in the negative : and yet they expected that confidence from Parliament which they had not in one another.

Evbr since he had left the House he spent his time in alk - ing himself what arguments had been given strong enough to persuade the House to go on with this war *. One of its avowed fdpporters, the noble Lord in the bluq ribbon, speaking of the American war had declared, that, he ever had considered it, and still did consider it, as. a war juflf and necessary, fouuded on the claim of a right that was undisputed. With regard to the grammatical or logical corredlnefis of this

:. - " ' ' ' « v®"

A. 17S1. PARLIAMENTARY.

reason, he would not institute an inquiry, nor would he now enter into an argument upon the justice of the war; that point having been sufficiently difeufied, for mankind to have made up their minds upon it. What the noble Lord meant by necelTity, if he meant any thing short of a physical neceflby, he was at a lots to imagine. That an end could not be put to the war, if Parliament resolved on such a measure, was too absurd an idea to be maintained. The war had been proved by fatal experience to be fruitless, and every day that we persisted in it clearly tended rather to create new. difficulties than smooth the path to peace and friendthip. That the war was originally just and neccft ' ary was, however, the only argument of one noble Lord; let the House recollect what bad fallen from another noble Lord, whole situation rendered all that he said upon the subject peculiarly the object of attention. That noble, Lord had held a very different language. ’ Without laying claim to that boldness of pride and ambition, which alone could generate the hope of making America the viCkim of conquest, he had said, all his, hope rested on the more mild, lenient, and moderate expectation of the practicability of fending a sufficient force into the country, to enable the numerous friends of Greats. Britain to get the better of the party that r - ppoled them, and had poUcHed themselves of power. The noble Lord had told them, that he never imagined America could be recovered by arms, but that the loyalists, who were much iupc - rior to the hostile, would be able, with their afftftance, to effect all that could be wished for. In order to see the wisdom of this conceit, Mr. Pitt advised the House to look back to the events of the war, and especially ' to those of the last, campaign, which were too recent, and of which every man’s breast was too full to render it necessary for him to undergo the angulfh of describing them. Above all, he begged the house, if they wanted farther proof of the power of protection which Great - Britain was warranted to hold out, let them look at the articles of the capitulation of Lord Cornwallis, and let ’ them cast their their eye on the answer to the tenth article. They would there fee, that all the friends of ( Great - Britain, all the loyalists, who had bee. n trtachcrously deluded to join Lord Cornwallis, and deceived by. falte hopes and ill - found -. cdprotnifes, so far from being protected, were left to tho. civil justice of the gountry. Wh. it the civil justice of Arne -, rica Was, if was utterly, impossible for him JO iiiv, but if ' - ‘ Hz ' " ' ' the *

Si PARLIAMENTARY JL t 8fT

the ftpie treacherous fyfiem that had long disgraced Gre tr Britain was suffered to be perfe ered in after what had happened, perhaps the civil justice of this country woqld foop pvertake some men, who were undoubtedly much more proper objects of its operation than those unfortunate wretches, Who, looking up to the British standard with that reverenep and opinion of its influence which in bettpr times it was Wont to create, had foolishly sacrificed their lives and fortunes to the empty promises of an abandoned administration. He asked, where, under the dreadful pressure of national Calamity, was a monarch of a free people to take refuge. and find resource, but in the honest, undisguised, and lovaj

councils of his subjects ? Would fallacy administer comfort to the woupdpd mind } Would fraud support a falling state } He concluded by protesting, that nothing but his duty to his sovereign apd his country bad actuated him to call upon ministers to give some information to the HouseT He had spoken from oo private, personal rpotives; his feelings and his views were public : be wished for information on the fwo points he had particularly mentioned; —their inteptlcm with regard to the farther prosecution of the American war, and some outline of the manner in which they intended to pursue it. On thefp two heads he called for and expected some information.

IA A « w. for The Lord Advocate far cotlat d said ? asser many high pom -

Gotland, pliments to the honourable gentleman, that though no ramis - tcr, and consequpntly unable to give the honourable member the information he required, he thought himself bound tq give the Hpufe the reasons which had induced him to give his vote to the Address, which the honourable member ( Mr. Orde ) held in his hand, at the bar. He would tell the House fairly that before he came to town he expected to hear of the misfortune which had happened, and this from a firm idea that it was but too probable - : it did happen; and he had read the Addrpfs several times, and with a jealous eye, to discover whether there was a word in it by which he should be pledged to concur in the prosecution of the American war but he had not discovered a syllable ip it that had any such tendency j and therefore he had pot felt any difficulty in giving his vote for the Address. He thpught it would have been irpproper for him to pledge himself fotr the prosecution of the war m America; but he felt that it would have been equally improper for him not to have used a ipanly and firm language in the Address, by which all Europe

> ight

A. j ) Su U E B A T E S,

might be convinced that no disaster, however great ( and no

ppe believed the la. te misfortune to be greater than he did ) could depress the spirit or fink the courage of the nation. The language of the Address was spirited; but in his opinion it was To far from pledging Parliament to the American war, that whenever the expediency of continuing that war ffipuld become a question in that House, every gentleman who had voted for the Address, would be as free to vote for putting ap end to the war ns if no such address had ever been prpppfed. This was his opinion; and the two noble

Lords in office, who fat near him, said. In the last night ’ s

debate, that their feptiments, with respect to the Address, were exactly the fame. Now it was singular indeed, that those who might be fppposed to be moil concerned in framing the Address, had publicly disavowed all intention of binding the House by the Address to pursue the American war; and yet the gentlemen on the other fide of the House would force upon them a meaning which they disclaimed : those who finked the Address bell knew the purport and meaning of the words; those who had voted for it knew upon what grounds thpy gave their vote; they all declared that they, did oot underfund themselves to be pledged by it to prosecute the war iq America; and yet the gentlemen who had voted against the Address pretended to know the meaning better than those who voted for it, and would thus force upon them a meaning which they utterly disavowed; this, he roust needs say, was far from being candid; there must be feme secret cause for this forced interpretation of words, of which their natural purport would not admit.

The term " American, war" was often used on both fides of the House; but it was a term so indefinite, that unless gentlemen would be explicit he might mistake their mean - wg; the term might mean a war carried on over lakes and rivers, through woods and provinces, or, to say all in one word, a continental vyar in America. Was that the war which gentlemen wished to fee determined ? If it was, let them say so; and the matter be brought to a decision. There was another fort of war, which might consist In keeping some places in America, such as New - York, Halifax, and Charlestown, ( if we now have those places ); the preservation of those places by arms might be called an American war. Now, of these two forts of American war some gentlemen might vote for one who would condemn the other. Would it be 1 proper.

£4

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781,

proper, therefore, without any previous deliberation, to re - probate the war in America, under the vague name of the American war ? Surely no. It might perhaps be expedient, surrounded as we are by old, hereditary, natural, and powerful enemies, to confine our operations in America to a fmali compass, in order to turn our chief force against those enemies; that we might thereby regain our former respectable situation among the belligerent nations of Europe; and at the same time be ready to avail ourselves of every favourable occurrence in America to secure the trade and commerce of that country. Matters were now brought to a crilis; and ministers would be obliged, without delay, to make up their minds upon the plan of < operations that they mud pursue; there was not much time for deliberation; decided refolu - tions must soon be taken; Ddib, pent if they should go on much longer without taking some final resolve, the country might be undone. The necessity of a speedy resolution was so apparent, that if the deliberations should be very lon£ the resolve might be made too late. He did not mean or wish to conceal his sentiments; he wished to speak clearly; though he did not mean to deliver, at that moment, any opinion on the measures that should be adopted, or the species of war which ought to be carried on in America : it was not, however, that he had not an opinion on the subject; he certainly had one; but he would wait for another opportunity to speak it. This much, /however, he thought pro cr for the present, to speak the language of fortitude and manliness in the Address; for it ought not to be considered limply as an Address, but as a manifesto, calculated to let all Europe know that we were not depressed with a misfortune; the language ofdefpondency would be extremely improper, whether our resolves should be for war or peace : if for war, it would be absurd; if for peace, it would serve to render our enemies more urttra&able and lofty in their terms; in either case, therefore, a bold, energetic, and spirited promise of assistance was ' the fittest for that House to adopt : but to say that to agree to a manly Address would be to pledge that House to prosecute the American war, Was saying what the plain text of the Address, ’ without a comment, would notjuftify. 1

Insinuations, he observed, were frequently thrown out against ministers; and sometimes it was said they supported measures which they did not approve, and which weredia - '

metrically

A. 1781, DEBATES;

•metrically, opposite to their own principles. Such infinua *. tions as these, he believed, were not unfeldom suggested merely for the service of the moment, and by gentlemen who disbelieved them even when they used them. It was a sacred maxim in the constitution, that < c the King can do po wrongthis maxim was necessary for the personal safety. of the sovereign, and for the free deli be tation of Parliament; but then this maxim implied, that, whatever was wrong in the mdministration of the state, was to be aferibed to the cabinet ministers of the monarch. This maxim secured to those ministers the confidence of Parliament, because Parliament knew that the, servants of the Crown were not ignorant that they, and not the sovereign, were responsible for Jtjie acts of state : bu while Parliament was reposing const - jdence in the opinion of ministers, it ought to be sure that. these ministers were pursuing their own opinions. If a minister accused of mal - administration, ihoold say, I was over - ruled in the cabinet, and was obliged to give way to ihe majority of the cQuncilfuch a defence could not, and oqght not, to be admitted. by that House. Such a minister had means in his power, by which he might have fereened himself from responsibility in becoming - an accessary to the guilt of others; he might have resigned; " and that minister, who, to preserve his situation, could submit to concur in " measures that he condemned, must be one of the meanest. of € < mortals; he betrayed his trust, and deserved the execration " of his country" : the conduct he should pursue would be to propose his plans to his sovereign; if they were approved, ihey would of epurfe be carried into execution; if they were jdifaproved, he should lay down his employment. The Lord Advocate hoped that no one would suppose he alluded in the smallest degree to his noble friend ( Lord North ); every ope knew the fjicadship that subsisted between them; and lhat he would go any length to support his private and his. public character : he spoke in generals; but he could not help repeating, that the minister, who would sacrifice his. opinion to preserve his situation, was unfit for society.

The learned 1 01x1 asked, to what end could the ministers aim at holding out a delufton by meaning one thing by ihe. Speech an4 A4drefs, v and declaring in the most express manner that they n eant another ? He would be bold to say that. Parliament could not be ensnared, by such a delusion. The matter was impossible; the delusion would not hold a week :, ‘ the

PAftLI AMfcNt ARlr A > 178 *,

die fallacy mud be detected B elides, it mtift be willing Parliament indeed that could be enfnated by stich a poo

fitiful delation, or that could receive fitch aft import ion.

It was here called out, from the other fide, Parliament would receive any imposition. ] If they would, said the learned Lord the noble Lord in the blue ribband need not have taken fb round - about a method of deluding them Common pro - flitutes require not much courtship or dalliance to Win their favour But certainly, in the present cast, the cheat w < mtd be a very extraordinary one, were it pofliWe to be a cheat, because it flwft so soon discover itself. His Lccrfftiip then argued upon the meaning of the words of the Addrefej iad said, as the House knew, he pretended not to be a great mailer of the English language, yet he had sufficient knowledge of the import of words, added to a small fharO of common sense, to be convinced that the Add rest, as it was penned, pledged gentlemen to no one ( pacific lido of conduit its thar House, but was merely that foil of language which it Wds mod fit, under the circutnstances of the times, for Fartia - tnent to hold to their sovereign. He took notice of the alignments of several gentlemen in the debate of the preceding day, and observed, that one gentleman had recommended the fending a herald to Prance to sue for peace ? an idea which he reprobated as in the highest degree timid and impolitic. The capture of seven thousand brave men, tinder a noble and gallant commander, was certainly a serious and a feverfc eiitumnaflce; but it was - not to be fnrmoanted by any alts of defpcndcncy; vigorous exertion only could retrieve the misfortune.

h Tho Mr. T, Tcumjhtud spoke with energy against die Ad &reC$ > applauded the learned Lord for expressing his detesta tion of those mini ( ten who suffered themselves to be ovev « ruled in their own department, and, from the meah define of preserving their emoluments, submitted to execute the measures of which they did not approve. He trolled dint his conviction in this point would be followed by his conviction in many others; and he should be extremely happy to see the noble Lord infiitute the question at which he had hinted—of the propriety of abandoning, or of continuing the American war : perhaps it might pTofper in his hands He said, when his honourable friend talked of the fbpefei lions ( ilence and empty loquacity of those Who had undertaken to palm an Address, palmed with the grossest adulation on the House, he expelled that the empty loquacity would take refuge in their supercilious lilence; out he was mifta -

ken;

57

Ai 1781. DEBATES.

ken : the learned Lord had spoken our, and he thanked him for it. He wished him therefore to make the motion, which, hesaid, Would force geritlethen to speak out. The honourable gentlemari said, that he was vCry defirdus of giving support to his Majesty in the prosecution of such measures as ( bould be necessary irt the maintenance of our rights and interests; bathe could hot 2g kc to the Address, because it certainly and clearly pledged the Houlb to the continuance of the American War. He paid a warm tribute of praifcto Lord Cornwallis, Who, Whkn reduced to that extremity that he Was conftrairied td furrCrtder those soldiers, to whom he had acted like, and who loved him, as a father, yet his first care was to preserve the fleet, upon which he knew the very exif - tence of this country depended. What did the Aril Lord of the Admiralty deserve, who failed to refeue this brave man, and his gallant band of followers, Who were perhaps the prime of the Ertglish army. But he supposed he should be corrected by the advocate bf this Lord of the Admiralty, the member for Huntingdon, and told, that calling these m - n the prime of the army was an insult to those foldkrs who Were not present *

Lord Afutgrave said, if the honourable gehtleman meant

by the term advocate any thing else than the frion ' ship of One honeit man as another, fie rfrifrepresented and slandered him. He was as independent, as honest, and as zealous to promote, by personal exertion or suffering, the welfare of his country, as the member fot Whitchurch, or any other man in the House.

Mr. f.. Town/bcnd said he had answered an assertion of the

eoble Lord fairly; and as to the term, he would

give him no explanation of it whatever. Of the first Lord Of the Admiralty, as a public man, he had a right to speak, and to proclaim him, what he sincerely thought he was, a public criminal, and the author of all our naval calamities. In referring to what the noble Lord said yesterday, lie was Regular, for theprefctit was in the nature of an adjourned debate, Tho House interfered. Mr. Georgt Onslow spoke to Order. The Speaker blamed the gentlemen for making use Of the names of the respective places for which they served.

Mr, Fox congratulated his honourable friend, Mr. Pin, On the very powerful tffedV Which had arisen from his oratory In one speech he had done that which other lets able fueo had been attempting in vain to brin < j about for years He had drawn from a person, connected With administration, something like an open and a free declaration. This was to Vol. V. .. .. .. ... r ' " ' 1/be

i

Lord MuN Brave.

Mr. Tho. Townlheiid *

Mr. F « *

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781. I

be ranked among the other auspicious omens which had attended his introduction into that House. He used the words " something like speaking out, " because, till the learned Lord cleared his doubts, and explained certain points that appeared to him to require explanation, he could not say that the noble and learned Lord’s speech was so explicit and To open as he possibly wOuld wifti the House to suppose. Upon the whole, the learned Lord Had spoken out, and he thanked him fordoing so, and trusted he would explain die doubt that he had left upon his mind. But first the learned Lord had said a grekt deal on the ground of gentlemen’s having forced a meaning upon the Address, to which he, by voting for it, never intended to pledge himlclf. In answer to this, he could only say, that every production committed to writing inuft be judged of and construed by its phraseology and by its words. It was no argument to him for a minister or his advocate; ( he begged pardon for the word, it really wast an accidental lapse of expression;. he meant the friend, defender, or supporter of the minister; but he hopcid his error, which he solemnly declared was unintentional, would convince the noble Lord over the way [ Lord Mulgrave ] that the word advocate might be used without any design of offence. )

To return to his subject, it was no argument to him, that a minister, or the supporter of a minister declared in his place, that he did not mean what the words committed to black and white actually imported. He could not diffociate language and ideas; liter a feripta manet; and he must necessarily direct his argument to that which was likely to become a parliamentary record, and not to the fleeting speech of - an hour *

But to leave arguing upon a point which had been so much difeuffed, and about which, in fa&, there could not be a second opinion. He wished to come to that which he would beg the learned Lord to explain. If the House had been called upon to pledge themselves for the support of the American war, then there would have been rearon for all this debate; " but that a day, and an opportunity would, occur Toon when the House would fairly, come to issue on the ques - tion of the American war. " This is what lie wished to have, explained. When would tfyat day and tha$ opportunity occur ? How was it to be brought about ? He wished flnccrely for th ' p learned Lord to be explicit upoji thjis head. How was it to be brought to issue ? He confessqd, for his own part, he saw many difficulties. .. ... t

To move for acknowledging the. independence of America, would be ah improper means x > £bringing it to issue fprtjut I * WOUld

59

Arifiu ' JE - I$ - ‘A T E S.

would prevent os from taking advantage of circumstance *.

To move for the withdrawing of troops would be unfeafon - able, for it might be necessary to the prosecution of the war ' against France to hold military Nations in America. To disagree to a continental war would be improper, for a dif pute would arise about the meaning of the term continental war. In short, be knew not how the question could come to iifae : if the learned Lord really meant what he laid, he would have no objection to slate what day and what question he alluded to, when he laid the day was near, on which gen tlemen mult speak fully and fairly to the question of the American war. That day he longtd for with the mofl eager impatience; and if he could possibly guess, he should suppose the day meant, was that, when the army was to be voted,.

The learned Lord had flood up with a degree of manly firrn - ness, not very common to the friends of the minister on the present occassion; and he had declared, he meant to be explicit. If be really meant what he said, he would have no objection to speak out, and declare what day he alluded to.

If this question was not fairly answered, he would be bold to tell the noble and learned Lord, that his affectation of speaking out, was, if polhblr, more contemptible than the hackneyed evasions of the minister,

1 he Lord Advocate said, when ministers called upon the ThtLdAd - House to vote a substitution of force to replace the seven thou vocate# sand men loll with Lord Cornwallis, they mufl meet the ques - tion fully. [ Mr. Fox called over for an explanation of the word substitution. The Lord Advocate repeated his fuss sentence. Mr. Fox shook his head ! J

Mr. Burke rose next : he declared that if any thing yet Mr. Burke, remained necessary to be done or said to convince the House that the Address pledged them to the continuance of the American war, he would read part of the Address of the House to the King in the year 1778, which pledged them to the support of the French and American war for the fake of our rights and interests. This he said was his text on which he would preach, by comparing this with the alfertiop, that it pledged the House to nothing; and comparing both with the language of the Scotch, and the Irish, and the English ministers; and lastly, by comparing and applying •them all to the conic ences of the House. The Address was a deluiion, and he was not a little amazed to hear the learned Lord make it an argument that it could not be a delusion, because it could only last a week; good God, did the noble and learned Lord know so very little of the minister, as to

I 2 imagine.

P ARtl AME ' N ' l ' ARY A. I78r.

imagine, that the ( hortncfs of time, which a delusion could exist, was any reason for his not practising it ? The noble Lord dealt in cheats and dclufions they were the daily traffic of his invention ! A week ! The noble Lord had often held out a cheat for half that time ! For a day Only ! Nay, for a {ingle hour. He had practised cheats ppon the House, which died away even before the debate was ended, to f. your which they were contrived. Had not that House seen the noble Lord’s cheat upon the subject of the Conciliatory proportions ? Had they not witnessed his dexterity in laying down his own cheat on that - occasion, and adopting another which he thought he played off more advantageously ? The noble Lord would continue to play off his cheats and delusions on that House as long as he thought it necessary, and had money enough at command to bribe gentlemen to pretend they believed them ! It was no argument, therefore, to suppose that the shortness of time for which they were likely to operate, proved that they were not in fa£l de - lulions. The honourable gentleman said, the learned Lord, had ingeniously endeavoured to throw obfeurity and con - fusion on the manner of conducing the war; nay, the mini tiers themselves were not clear ip their ground respecting the Address; he said the Scotch Secretary of State and the Irish Secretary of State, had both of therp, ip another place, held a language totally different from that of the South British minister in that House. The Scotch and Irish Secretaries had expressly declared, that the Address did pledge those who voted for it to a profeeption of the American war : the one directly said they were pledged, the other hinted the fame thing. The South British Secretary and his sup - porters had told the House the dire£ contrary. What fort of confidence then ought gentlemen to place in ap administration, where there was so glaring a want of concert ? What firmness, what vigour could anfc from councils of men so disunited ? How was this difference of argument upon the fame subject to be accounted for } Was it owing to their different places of birth ? Were Scotch, Irish, and English so jumbled together, that there was a Babel in the Cabinet, and such a confusion of tongues, that the one could not understand what the other said ? The learned Lord told the House, he did not mean to pledge himself for the prosecution of the American war, when he voted for the Address } What satisfaction was that to the House ? The declaration was the private declaration of an individual member of Parliament. The Address was the acte of the

House j

v

A. 1781 : DEBATES

House; but now he came to apply to the conferences of the House, and to discharge his own. The tenth article of the Capitulation ( hocked him beyond measure. Earl Cornwallis was forced to surrender up to the civil jurisdiction of the country the loyalists who nad come to his standard. These men we had butchered in cold blood; they were doomed to be hung, drawn, and quartered; and a voting Prince of the blood was sent out to be spectator of the horrid executions of those who were quelling the rebellion against the Crown, executed for rebelling against the Congress. What a seene. cried he, for the eyes of the royal youth, to behold the faithful adherents of his Father hanging in quarters on every headland as he fajls along. What a report to make of the objects that first ( truck his view in that country, where he was taught to hope he should be every where received with welcome. Here, Sir, I beheld the bloody remnants of our faithful friend, Mr. Williams, gibbetted up for a terror to all who adhere to us; and a little farther another friend, and yet another, and another. But is not this One fatt among a thousand, sufficient to convince us of the horrible iniquity of the measures we have hitherto pursued ? and is it not the strongest reason for our forsaking a system so pernicious ) He worked up his palfions so much in dcfcantingon the ( hocking cruelty of the circumstance, that his whole frame was viflbly and violently agitated. He declared the blood of all the Americans, who lost their lives in confe - quence of that capitulation, rested on the head of Lord Cornwallis, or of ministry. As he had no right to charge him with it in the other House, where the Earl was entitled to a feat, he would make those walls re - echo with it, till Lord Cornwallis had accounted for a condu£l so disgraceful to the British name, so distressing to humanity ! and while he did this, he had the highest and mod respectful regard for the virtues of the noble Earl. Some dreadful circumstancea most have attended the giving up of his friends. He drew acomparifon between the conduct of General Burgoyne at the surrender at Saratoga, and that of Lord Cornwallis at York - town. He reminded ministers of the manner in which they had treated General Burgoyne, who gave up no loyalists to butchery. He brought to their recollection the doubts entertained by them of the General’s having a right to his feat in Parliament while he was a prisoner, attd the manner iq which they had prevented his throwing hirofclf at the feet of his Sovereign, and aiked them if such was their treatment of a General who obtained such honourable

terma

6 P A B LI A M I N TART A. 178k

terfns of capitulation, what was Lord Cornwallis to expect ? He next shewed to what extent the power of prote&loa described by the American secretary had been carried By fire apd sword we had forced the Americans to join the King’s troops, and now those very men, who had beta fighting to quell rebellion, were to be executed with ignominy, for having themselves been rebels. After working up himself and his hearers to the mod didrefsful state of emotion, he branded the mioiders as the cause of the horrid disasters he had described, and declared the Address to be the mod hypocritical, infamous, abandoned, lying paper, that ever that House had been called upon to vote. After turning this alleging circumdance into various points of view, he mentioned a mod singular fact. Earl Cornwallis was governor of the tower of London, and consequently Mr. Laurens was his prisoner. Colonel Laurens, son to Mr. Laurens, was appointed captain general of prisoners in America, and consequently Earl Cornwallis was prisoner to the ion of his own prisoner. This was a circumdance that would iodine a man the lead addicted to l ' uperdition, to think that there was a special Providence in this affair, brought about for the purpose of humbling the proud, and teaching to all by the vicissitudes of human fortune, the duties of tenderness and humility. He also mentioned this particular circum -. dance, that on the 17th day of October exa£Uy to a day, four years from the surrender of General Burgoyne at Saratoga, Lord Cornwallis beat a parley to capitulate at York town.

Mr court *. Mr. Courtenay fa id, no man could be more ade&ed by

tuy. what fell from the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ) than he was. His splendid di£lion, his manly elocution, his brilliant periods, his pointed logic conveyed in a torrent of rapid and impreilive eloquence, brought drongly to Bis recol -, session that great and able statefraan, whose memory every j grateful and generous Briton reveres. The honourable gen - ! tleman dood high by his own superior abilities, yet dill the j memory of that great man threw a ray of glory round him. j He said be would only trespass on the indulgence of the j Jdoufe fora few minutes, as on such a great arid impoitant 1 quedion he did not choose to give a fileiu vote. At this dif - < aftrous and calamitous moment, the House of Commons were called upon, by the proposed Address, tosupporttbe jud and necessary war in which wc were engaged, again# the united force of France and Spain, and against America as their ally. It was a war of neccllity, of cruel and dire

nccdlity.

63

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

necessity, on which, principle alone he would attempt to ju£ tify it. If there was a hope, a gleam of hope, that by acknowledging the independence of America, Hie could be detached from France, it would demand the serious attend tion of the House, whether such terms should not be granted. Though the endearing and heartfelt names of colonics, lnd mother country, should no longer exist, yet great commercial, great national advantages, would be derived from an union between people naturally connc£led by the famfe language, manners, and religion, and both inspired by the fame ardent spiritof liberty; great and essential benefit ! might be mutually received by Goth countries, cemented by aftrderal union, and Britain, on such a liberal and enlarged fyftcmof policy, might again become 3. great and flourishn ing nation, the envy of Europe, and the admiration of the world

The honourable gentleman observed that much had been said on the American war .; he was ever ready to avow his fendments on. that subject; he had always thought it neither wile, politic, nor expedient; on every occasion, when that war had become the subje£k of conversation, he had very freely, perhaps sometimes. indiscreetly, declared his opinion infignincant as it was; yet ft ill the sentiments of the meanest individual, in a free country, on a great, interesting, con - flitutional question, were of some consequence. On the firs day he had the honour of speaking in that House, he had. expressed the fame sentiments, to which he should always adhere. He had voted for the Address on the explanation, of the ministers who had got up in their places, and had explicitly declared, that the House was not pledged, or meant, to be drawn in by the words of that Address ( which to fom© gentlemen feemea so very exceptionable ) to carry on the war, for the express purpose of subjugating America, but on general terms to carry on that just apd necessary war in '. which we were engaged, in the most effectual manner, for the safety and honour of Great - Britain, and the prate&ion of his Majesty’s dominions.

He said, he did not like the voice of despondency; that he trusted there was an elasticity in a Britilli mind, which Would, always rife. in proportion to the pressure of calamity but that be was surpriseu and mortified to hear a noble LorcL of the admiralty a flirt, as an apology for the acknowledged, inferiority of the British fleet at this awful moment, that1 France, from her great resources, was enabled to have

' superior

1

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 t.

superior fleets that in the reigns of king William and queen ! Anne she had one : If there Was thith in this voice, it found -; ed the funeral knell of Great - Britain, and might well appall the ears of the people. But Mr. Courtenay added he was happy to find that the assertion wls not founded; it was con - traaided by hidorical fafts; and the noble Lord who made it, seemed to have forgot the glorious annals of His profeffidn; I he seemed to have forgot the action of, La Hogue, where the I marine of France received a blow, from which it never recovered; he seemed to have forgot that memorable action Where British valour was so very cpalpicuotis, that king

James in the ' exultation of his neatt, fotgettingrfhis 6wn tuation, and that1 every hope was blasted by the aedruftion of that fleet, dedined to reliore him to his Throne; forgetting every thing for one moment, but that he was an Eng - lifhman, ( the only moment of his life which merits an eulo - gium ) burst out into, this generous exclamation on seeing the seamen in swarms icrambling up the high fides o the French ships from their boats, " Ah, none but my brave English could do so brave in action ! " The noble Lord, when he made the assertion, mud have forgot the a&ioij off Malaga, when Sir Cloudelley Shovel defeated the French fleer, though superior to him in number of guns and men, as well as in weight of metal. The noble Lord muff have : forgot the conjunft expeditions which were carried on in I mofe reigns; the reduction of Barcelona and Gibraltar, which could not have been effected without maintaining that superiority at fca on which the existence of this country depends.

He concluded by saying, that no man could lament, more than he did the late disadrous event in Virginia he had Iidened with indignation to invidious comparisons on that event. Lord Cornwallis had fallen ( unaflided and unfup - ported ) not ignobly by the united arms of France and Ame - 1 rice : he had not fallen in the pride of preemption, by the, hue and cry of the peasantry, by the pnjfe of the

country; he had fallen admired and respe&ed by the enemy, and his chains wpre wreathed with laurels : may he then live to receive the reward of his valour from the hands of his : difeeming sovereign ! He is an an honour to his profdfion j and will add a ludre to the highed honour that can be conferred on him; and the sacred and applauding voice of the 1 people will fao£lify their sovereign’s choice.

The House then divided on the motion for bringing up the report. — Ayes 131; noes 54 *

Dtceml. r

A; 1781.

5

DEBATES,

November 29. '

This day the Commons presentrd their Address to the King at St. James ’ s.

7he humble Address of the Hous of Commons to the Kiig.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subject ?, the Commons of Great Britain hi Parliament assembled, return your Majesty the thanks of this House, for your most gracious Speech from the throne.

We allure your Majesty, that wc fee with concern that the war is still unhappily prolonged by that restless ambition which first excited our enemies to commence it, and which still continues to disappoint your Majesty’s earned desire and diligent exertion to restore the public tranquillity.

We are. sensibly aftedled by your Majesty ' s paternal expreihons of concern for the real welfare of your subjects : and we receive with theilrongeft emotions of duty and gra titude your Majesty ' s gracious and endearing declaration, that you should not answer the trust committed to the So - vereign of a free people, nor make a suitable return to your subjects for their constant, zealous, and affectionate attach - ment to your person, family, and government, if you con - fented to sacrifice, either to your own dell re of peace, or to their temporary case and relief, those eflegtial rights and permanent interests, upon the maintenance and preservation of which the future strengfh and security of this country mult ever principally depend.

We declare, on our part, that we know no means of making to your Majesty any return so suitable and so just, and of answering the great trust committed to us by those whom we represenr, _ as by giving your Majesty this firm assurance, that we are relblved to ailift and support your Majesty to the ufmost of our power, in maintaining and preserving the ttiential rights and permanent interests of your crown and people.

The favourable appearance of affairs in the East Indies, and the safe and piofperuiis arrival of the numerous commercial fleets of your kingdoms, have given us great satis - faefion : but we sincerdy regret that your Majesty’s afiiduom endeavour ? to guard your exte dive dominions have not in all places b en attended with success; and we learn with the deepest concern that the events of war have been very V ob, V, K unfor -

A - Urcfs.

V

66

Answer.

Mf M/# -

( tin,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

unfortunate to your Majesty’s arms in Virginia, and have ended in the loss of your forces in that province.

We are fully persuaded, that the principal view of the confederacy of our enemies was to foment and maintain the rebellion in North America; and, under the specious delusion of the establishment of an independent empire, to render your Ma - j‘fly’s Colonies subservient to the power and influence of the Crown of France : but your Majesty may rely on our ( leader assistance to second your Majesty s endeavours to defeat the \ dangerous designs of our enemies, equally prejudicial to the real interests of America and to those of Great Britain *

We will not fail to resume the great and momentous confederation of the state and condition of the dominions and revenues which this country poifelTes in the East Indies; and we trust, that, in our deliberations on those important matters, we shall proceed with the fame spirit and temper in which they were begun, and with the fame care and anxiety to consider how those remote provinces may be held and governed with the greatest security and advantage to this nation, and by what means the happiness of the native inhabitants may be best promoted.

In this arduous conjuncture, we consider it as our first duty to our country to grant your Majesty such supplies at the circumstances of aftairs shall be found to require. We cannot but feel that the war is burthensome and expensive; but we are convinced, at the same time, that it is just and necessary; and nothing on our parts shall be wanting to give efficacy and success to the valour of your Majesty’s fleets and armies : and we still have a firm confidence, that, by a vigorous, animated, and united exertion of the resources and faculties of the nation, and of the spirit of a free people, your Majesty will be enabled, under the protection of Divine Providence, to restore the blessing of a l ' afc and honourable peace to all ) our dominions.

His Majrjlys

Gentlemen,

I return you my cordial thanks for this very loyal, dutiful, and aftectionate Address. It breathes the spirit and firmness of the Representatives of a brave and free people. Nothing could afford me so much satisfaction, or tend so effeChiaily to the public safety and welfare in the present conjuncture,

November 30.

Mr. Minchin rose to make ftnne motions, of which he had

given

A. 1781; DEBATES.

given notice, respecting the Navy, which he introduced by an argument to the following purport. It was the duty, he said, of every Member of that House to enquire into the expenditure of the public money; to see that the money voted for public services was properly applied to those services. The Admiralty department was conduced with more mystery than any other under the Crown; and the enormous unfunded debt, Which Was to be always found hanging on that department, was a subject of alarm to every watchful Member of that House, and a necessary object of enouiry. The present mode practised by the Admiralty and Navy Boards, in making out estimates, and Bating the expenditure of money Voted for the Navy, was so dark and intricate, so complex and disguised, that the estimates generally laid before tbit House were not more intelligible than Egyptian hieroglyphics. To simplify those estimates, and thereby render them intelligible; to make them so plain and easy, that Mi nifters might be deprived of the resource they found in dark and ambiguous statings, to conceal from the public the man - ' ntr in which their money was expended; was the subject of a few motions which he intended to submit to the House. He had often had it in contemplation to endeavour to discover a mode by whith the people might know whether the money voted by the Representatives was really applied to public uses; and the best mode that had occurred to him Was to make the different officers of the different dock - yards to transmit their accounts upon oath to the Clerk of the House of Commons, and then it might be hoped that the people Would know in what manner their money was expended.

According to the present mode of Bating accounts, all the nation could learn was, that their money was spent $ but how, or for what purposes, was a secret : immense fumt Were voted, but such a force as, from the greatness of the supplieS, might be well expected, was not to be found. A noble Lord Mulgrave ) had said, in the debate on the Ad dress, that, when Lord Hawke quitted the Admiralty - Board the Navy was in a very bad fnuation; but that it had greatly improved under the administration of Lord Sandwich. This, however, was an assertion not grounded in Ja&; for he could prove the contrary to be truth. The Navy, when Lord HaWke left the Admiralty, October 1770, consisted of itgbty {hips of the line, fit for ferviCe; but, under Lord Sandwich, there were no more than 15th

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

be ranked among the other auspicious omens which had attended his introduction into that House. He used the words u something like speaking out, " because, till the learned Lord cleared his doubts, and explained certain points that appeared to hitn to require explanation, he could not say that the noble and learned Lord’s speech was so explicit and so open as he possibly would wish the House to suppose. Upon the whole, the learned Lord Had spoken out, and he thanked him fordoing so, and trusted he would explain the doubt that he had left upon his mind. But first the learned Lord had said a grekt deal on the ground of gentlemen’s having forced a meaning upon the Address, to which he, by voting for it, never intended to pledge himself. In answer to this, be could only say, that every production committed to writing must be judged of and construed by its phraseology and by its words. It was no argument to him for a minister or his advocate; ( he begged pardon for the word, it really was an accidental lapse of expression ;, he meant the friend, defender, or supporter of the minister; but he hoped his error, which he solemnly declared was unintentional, would convince the noble Lord over the way [ Lord Mulgrave ] that the word advocate might be ufedWithout any design of offence. ) To return to his subject, it was no argument to him ? that a minister, or the supporter of a minister declared in his place, that he did hot mean what the words committed to black and white actually imported. He could not diflociate language and ideas; hura feripta nianet; and he must necessarily direct his arguments to that which was likely to become a parliamentary record, and not to the fleeting speech of - an hour But to leave arguing upon a point which had been so muck difeuffed, and about which, in fact, there could not be a second opinion. He wished to come to that which he would beg the learned Lord to explain. If the House had been called upon to pledge themselves for the support of the American war, then there would have been rearop for all this debate; " but that a day, and an opportunity would occur Toon when the House would fairly, come to issue on the question of the American war. " This is what he wished to have, explained. When would that day and that opportunity occur ? How was it to be brought about ? He wiftied sincerely for the learned Lord to be explicit upop thps head. How was it to be brought to issue ? He confided, for his own part, he saw many difficulties. ' — 1

To move for acknow ledging th independence of America, would lie ah improper means of" brlhgTn it to issue for that

1

Would

59

A. - 17S1. S B A T E S.

would prevent 43s from taking advantage of circumstance;

To maye for the withdrawing of troops would be unfeafon - able, for it might be necessary to the prosecution of the war against France to hold military stations in America. To di&grce to a continental war would be improper, for a dispute would arise about the meaning of the term continental war. In short, be knew not how die question could come to iflbc : if the learned Lord really meant what he laid, he would have no objection to state what day and what question he alluded to, when he laid the day was near, on which gentlemen roust speak fully and fairly to the question of the American war. That day he longed for with the mod eager impatience; nd if he could possibly guess, he should suppose the day meant, was that, when the army was to be voted.

The learned Lord had flood up with a degree of manly firm - ness, not very common to the friends of the minister on the present occassion; and he had declared, he meant to be explicit. If he really meant what he said, he would have no objection to speak out, and declare what day he alluded to.

If this question was not fairly answered, he would be bold to tell the noble and learned Lord, that his afFc&ation of speaking out, was, if possiblr, more contemptible than the hackneyed evasions of the minister.

I he Lord Advocate said, when ministers called upon the ThsLd Ad - House to vote a substitution of force to replace the seven thou vocate sand men loft with Lord Cornwallis, they mull meet the question fully. £Mr. Fox called over for an explanation of the word substitution. The Lord Advocate repeated his hi ft sentence. Mr. Fox shook his bead ! j

Mr. Burke role next : he declared that if any thing yet Mr. Burke, remained necessary to be done or said to convince the House that the Address pledged them to the continuance of the American war he would read part of the Address of the House to the King in the year 1778, which pledged them to the support of the French and American war for the fake of our rights and interests. This he said was his text on which lie would preach, by comparing this with the alfertiop, that it pledged the House to nothing; and comparing both with the language of the Scotch, and the Irish, and the Englifti ministers; and lastly, by comparing and applying them all to the confc ences of the House. The Address was a delusion, and he was not a little amazed to hear the learned Lord make it an argument that it could not be a delusion, because it could only last a week; good God, did the noble and learned Lord know so very little of the minister, as to

I z imagine.

y v

C ? PARtlAMEVtARY A. i78r.

imagine, that the shortness of time, which a delusion could ©xift, was any reason for his not practising it ? The noble Lord dealt in cheats and delusions; they were the daily traffic of his invention ! A week ! The noble Lord had often held out a cheat for half that time ! For a day only ! Nay, for a {ingle hour. He had practised cheats upon the House, which died away even before the debate was ended, to f. your which they were contrived. Had not that House fecn the nol le Lord’s cheat upon the subject of the Conciliatory proportions ? Had they not witnessed his dexterity in laying clown his own cheat on that - occasion, and adopting another which he thought he played off more advantageously ? The noble Lord would continue to play off his cheats and delusions on that House as long as he thought it necessary, and had money enough at command to bribe gentlemen to pretend they believed them ! Jt was no argument, therefore, to suppose that the shortness of time for which they were likely to operate, proved that they were not in fa& de - lulions. The honourable gentleman said, the learned Lord, had ingeniously endeavoured to throw obfeurity and con - fusion on the manner of conducing the war; nay, the mini fters themselves were not clear ip their ground respecting, the Address; he said the Scotch Secretary of State and the Irish Secretary of State, had both of them, ip another place, held a language totally different from that of the South British minister in that House. The Scotch and Irish Secretaries had expressly declared, that the Address did pledge those who voted for it to a profeeption of the American war : the one diredfcly said they were pledged, the other hinted the fame thing. The South British Secretary and his sup - porters had told the House the direct contrary. What fort of confidence then ought gentlemen to place in an administration, where there was so glaring a want of concert ? What tirmness, what vigour could anfc from the councils of men so disunited } How was this difference of argument Upon the fame subject to be accounted for ? Was it owing to their different places of birth } Were Scotch, Irish, and English so jumbled together, that there was a Babel in the Cabinet, and such a confusion of tongues, that the one could not understand what the other said ? The learned Lord told the House, he did not mean to pledge himself for the prosecution of the American war, when he voted for the Addref; ? What satisfaction was that to the House ? The declaration was the private declaration of an individual member of Parliament. The Address was the act of the

Housej

A. 1781 : DEBATES

House; but now he came to apply to the consciences of the House, and to discharge his own. The tenth article of the Capitulation shocked him beypnd me sure. Earl Cornwallis was forced to surrender up to the civil jurisdiction of the country the loyalists who had come to his standard. These men we had butchered in cold blood; they were doomed to be hung, drawn, and quartered; and a voting Prince of the blood was sent out to be spectator of the horrid execution of those who were quelling the rebellion against the Crown, executed for rebelling against the Congress. What a scene. cried he, for the eyes of the royal youth, to behold the faithful adherents of his Father hanging in quarters on every headland as he fails along. What a report to make of the objects that first struck his view in that country, where he was taught to hope he should be every where received with welcome. Here, Sir, I beheld the bloody remnants of our faithful friend, Mr. Williams, gibbetted up for a terror to all who adhere to us; and a little farther another friend, and yet another, and another. But is not this One fatt among a thousand, sufficient to convince us of the horrible iniquity of themeasures we have hitherto pursued ? and is it not the strongest reason for our forsaking a system so pernicious ? He worked up his passions so much in defcantingon the ( hocking cruelty of the circumstance, that his whole frame was visibly and violently agitated. He declared the blood of all the Americans, who lost their lives in confe - quence of that capitulation, rested on the head of Lord Cornwallis, or of ministry. As he had no right to charge him with it in the other House, where the Earl was entitled to a feat, he would make those walls re - echo w ?, ith it, till Lord Cornwallis had accounted for a conduct so disgraceful to the British name, so distressing to humanity ! and while he did this, he had the highest and moil respectful regard for the virtues of the noble Earl. Some dreadful circumstance most have attended the giving up of his friends. He drew a comparison between the conduct of General burgoyne at the surrender at Saratoga, and that of Lord Cornwall ! at York - town. He reminded ministers of the manner in which they had treated General Burgoyne, who gave up no loyalists to butchery. He brought to their recollection the doubts entertained oy them of the General’s having a right to his feat in Parliament while he was a prisoner, and the manner iq which they had prevented his throwing himself at the feet of his Sovereign, and aiked them if such was their treatment of a General who obtained such honourable

term *

$3 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178b

terpw of capitulation what was Lord Cornwallis to expefU 1 He next fnewed to what extent the power of prote&ioni described by the American secretary had been carried By fire ai d sword we had forced the Americans to join the King’s troops, and now those very men, who had been fighting to quell rebellion, were to be executed with igno - J miny, for having themselves been rebels. After workingj up himself and his hearers to the moll dillrefsful state of emotion, he branded the mioillers as the cause of the horrid diCallers he had described, and declared the Address to be the most hypocritical, infamous, abandoned, lying paper, that; ever that House had been called upon to vote. After turning this atfefling circumstance into various points of view, he mentioned a mod singular fact. Earl Cornwallis was governor of the tower of London, and consequently Mr, Laurens was his prisoner. Colonel Laurens, son to Mr. Lan -, rens, was appointed captain general of prisoners in America, and consequently Earl Cornwallis was prisoner to the son of his own prisoner. This was a circumstance that would incline a man the lead add idled to luperdition, to think that there was a special Providence in this affair, brought about for the purpose of humbling the proud, and teaching to all by the vicissitudes of human fortune, the duties of tenderness and humility. He also mentioned this particular circutn - 1 dance, that on the 17 th day of October exactly to a day, four years from the surrender of General Burgoyne at Saratoga, Lord Cornwallis beat a parley to capitulate at York town.

Mr. Courte - Mr. Courtenay said, no man could be more aflSe&ed by j what fell from the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ) than he was. His splendid diction, his manly elocution, his brilliant periods, his pointed logic conveyed in a torrent of rapid and imprellive eloquence, brought drongly to his recol - \ ledlion that great and able datefman, whose memory every grateful and generous Briton reveres. The honourable gentleman flood high by his own superior abilities, yet dill the memory of that great roan threw a ray of glory round him. 1 He said be would only trespass on the indulgence of the j Jioufe fora few minutes, as on such a great artd impoitaot question he did not choose to give a fileiu vote. At this dif - allrous and calamitous moment, the House of Commons were. called upon, by the proposed Address, to support the just and necefifyry war in which wc were engaged, again# the united force of France and Spain, and against America as their ally. It was a war of necclfity, of cruel and dire

necdlity.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

necessity, on which principle alone he would attempt to ju£ tify it. If there was a hope, a gleam of hope, that by acknowledging the independence of America, Hie could be detached from France, it would demand the serious attention of the House, whether such terms Should not be granted. Though the endearing and heartfelt names of colonies, and mother country, should no longer exist, yet great commercial, great national advantages, would be derived from an union bet ween people naturally con netted by the famb language, manners, and religion, and both inspired by the fame ardent spirit of liberty; great and essential benefits might be mutually received by both countries, cemented by afoederal union, and Britain, on such a liberal and enlarged system of policy, might again become a great and fiouriih ing nation, the envy of Europe, and the admiration of tho world ! ' '

The honourable gentleman observed that much had been laid on the American war; he w s ever ready to avow his fendnients on. that subject; > he had always thought it neither wile, politic, nor expedient; on every occasion, when that war had become the subject of conversation, he had very freely, perhaps sometimes indifcrcetly, declared his opinion infignincant as it was; yet stili the sentiments of the meanelt individual, in a free country, on a great, interesting, con - ftitutional question, were of some consequence. On the firl day he had the honour of speaking in that House, he had expressed the fame sentiments, to which he should always adhere. He had voted for the Address on the explanation of the ministers who had got up in their places, and had explicitly declared, that the House was not pledged, or meant, to be drawn in by the words of that Address ( which to fomo gentlemen Teemed so very exceptionable ) to carry on the war, for the express purpose of fuhjugating America, but on general terms to carry on that just apd decelTary war in which wc were engaged, in the moll etfcttual manner, for die safety and honour of Great - Britain, and the protettion of his Majesty’s dominions.

He laid, he did not like the voice of despondency; that he milled there was. an elasticity in a British mind, which Would always rife. in proportion to the preliure of calamity .; but that be was surprised and mortified to hear a noble Lord, of the adroiratty afitrV as an apology fqr the acknowledged inferiority of the British fleet at this awful moment, that France, from her great resources, was enabled ta have.. ' ' ' superior

PARLIAMENTARY A.

superior fleet; that in the reigns of king William and queen Anne she had one : If there was tftith in this voice, it founded the funeral knell of Great - Britain, and might well appall the ears of the people. But Mr. Courtenay added he was happy to find that the assertion was not founded; it was con - tradifted by historical faffs; and the noble Lord who made it, seemed to have forgot the glorious annals of His profefllon; he seemed to have forgot the action of, La Hogue, where the marine of France received a blow, from which It never recovered; he seemed to have forgot that rhemorable action Where British valour was so very coalpicuoUs, that king, James in the exultation of his neatt, foi getting his 6wn Situation, and that every hope was blasted by the aestruction bf that fleet, defined to relxore him to his Throne; forgetting every thing for one moment, but that he was ati Eng - ( lifhman, ( the only moment of his life which merits an culo - giumj burst out into, this generous exclamation on seeing the seamen in swarms icrambling up the high tides o the I French ships from their boats, w Ah, none but my brave, English could do so brave in action ! "The noble Lord,; when he made the assertion, muff have forgot the acting off Malaga, when Sir Cloudefley Shovel defeated the French fleer, though superior to him in number of guns and men, as well as in weight of metal. The noble Lord must have forgot the conjunft expeditions which were carried on in •nofe reigns; the reduction of Barcelona and Gibraltar, which could not have been effected without maintaining that superiority at fca on which the existence of this country depends.

He concluded by saying, that no man could lament, more than he did the late difaflrous event in Virginia i he had fiflened with indignation to invidious comparisons on that event. Lord Cornwallis had fallen ( unassisted and unfup -, ported ) not ignobly by the united arms of France and Ame - rice : he had not fallen in the pride of preemption, by the hue and cry of the peasantry, by the pffi the

country; he had fallen admired and respected by the enemy, and his chains wpre wreathed with laurels : may he theti live to receive the reward of his valour from the hands of his difeeming sovereign ! He is an an honour to his profefBon, and will add aluflre to the highest honour that can be Conferred on him; and the sacred and applauding voice of the people will sanctify their sovereign’s choice.

The House then divided on the motion for bringing up the report. — Ayes 131; noes 54,

jjictniy

6J

As 1781. DEBATES,.

., November ! < ) '

This day the Commons presented their Address to the King at St. James ’ s.

7 be humble Address of the House of Commons to the

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subject ?, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty the thanks of this House, for your most gra cions. Speech from the throne.

We allure your Majesty, that we fee with concern that the war is still unhappily prolonged by that restless ambition which first excited our enemies to commence it, and which still continues to disappoint your Majesty’s earnest desire and diligent exertion to restore the public tranquillity. ' We are. sensibly affected by your Majesty ' s paternal expreftions of concern for the real welfare of your subjects : and we receive with theilrongeft emotions of duty and gra titude your Majesty ' s gracious and endearing declaration, that you should not answer the trust committed to the So - ? vereign of a free people, nor make a suitable return to your subjects for their constant, zealous, and affectionate attach - ment to your person, family, and government, if you con - fented to facrihce, either to your own desire of peace, or to their temporary case and relief, those eiiegtfal rights and permanent interests, upon the maintenance and prefer vat : on of which the future strengrh and security of this country must ever principally depend.

We declare, on our part, that we know no means of making to your Majesty any return so suitable and so just, and of answering the great trust committed to u9 by those whom we represenr,. as by giving your Majesty this firm assurance, that we are relblved to ailift and support your Majestyr to the urmost of our power, in maintaining amf preserving the efienrial rights and permanent interests at your crown and people.

The favourable appearance of affairs in the East Indies, and the safe and prolperous arrival of the numerous commercial fleets of your kingdoms, have given us great satisfaction : but we sincerely regret that your Majesty’s assiduous endeavours to guard your exte ftive dominions have not in all places b < en attended with success; and we learn with the deepest concern that the evems of war have been very Vob Vf K unfor -

A ' IJrcfs.

‘ V

$6

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 r.

unfortunate to your Majesty’s arms in Virginia, and have ended in the loss of your forces in that province.

We are fully persuaded, that the principal view of the confederacy of our enemies was to foment and maintain the rebellion in North America; and, under the specious delufjon of the establishment of an independent empire, to render your Majesty’s Colonies subservient to the power and influence of the Crown of France : but your Majesty may rely on our fteadjf assistance to second your Majesty’s endeavours to defeat the \ dangerous designs of our enemies, equally prejudicial to the real interests of America and to those of Great Britain,

We will not fail to resume the great and momentous consideration of the state and condition of the dominions and revenues which this country possesses in the East Indies; and we trust, that, in our deliberations on those important matters, we shall proceed with the fame spirit and temper in which they were begun, and with the fame care and anxiety to consider how those remote provinces may be held and governed with the greatest security and advantage to this nation, and by what means the happiness of the native inhabitants may be heft promoted.

In this arduous conjuncture, we consider it as our first duty to our country to grant your Majesty such supplies ai the circumstances of aft ' airs shall be found to require. We cannot but feel that the war is burthensome and expensive; but we are convinced, at the same time, that it is just and necessary; and nothing on our parts shall be wanting to give efficacy and success to the valour of your Majesty’s fleets and armies : and we still have a firm confidence, that, by a vigorous, animated, and united exertion of the resources and faculties of the nation, and of the spirit of a free people, your Majesty will be enabled, under the protection ofDivine Providence, to restore the blessing of a safe and honourable peace to all your dominions.

His Mojrjly s Answer,

Gentlemen,

I return you my cordial thanks for this very loyal, dutiful, and affectionate Address. It breathes the spirit and firmness of the Representatives of a brave and free people. Nothing could afford me so much satisfaction, or tend so effectually to the public safety and welfare in the present conjuncture.

November 30.

Mr. Minchinrofe to make some motions, of which he had

given

Answer.

Mr Mis -

tkln.

le

A. 1781 DEBATES. 7

given notice, fespecting the Navy, which he introduced by an argument to the following purport. It was the duty, he said, of every Member of that House to enquire into the expenditure of the public money; to see that the money voted for public services was properly applied to those services. The Admiralty department was conduced with more mystery than any other under the Crown; and the enormous unfunded debt, Which Was to be always found hanging on that department, was a subject of alarm to every watchful Member of that House, and a necessary object of enquiry.

The present mode practised by the Admiralty and Navy Boards, in making out estimates, and stating the expenditure of money voted for the Navy, was so dark and intricate, fa complex and disguised, that the estimates generally laid before thstt House were not more intelligible than Egyptian hieroglyphics. To simplify those estimates, and thereby render them intelligible; to make them so plain and easy, that Mi sifters might be deprived of the refourcC they found in darlc and ambiguous statings, to conceal from the public the man - ' ner in which their money was expended; was the subject of « a few motions which he intended to submit to the House.

He bad often had it in contemplation to endeavour to discover a mode by which the people might know whether the money voted by the Representatives was really applied to public uses; and the best mode that had occurred to him Was to make the different officers of the different dock - yards to transmit their accounts upon oath to the Clerk of the House of Commons, and then it might be hoped that the people Would know in what manner their money was expended.

According to the present mode of stating accounts, all the nation could learn was, that their money was spent 5 but how, or for what purposes, was a secret : immense sums Were voted, but such a force as, from the greatness of the supplies, might be well expected, was not to be found. A noble Lord Mulgrave ) had said, in the debate on the Ad - dress, that, when Lord Hawke quitted the Admiralty - Board, the Navy was in a very bad situation; but that it had greatly improved under the administration of Lord Sandwich.

This, however, was an assertion not grounded in Sact; for he could prove the contrary to be truth. The Navy, when Lord Hawke left the Admiralty, O&obef 1770, consisted of iigbty ships of the line, fit for ferviCe; but, under Lord Sandwich, there were no more than nrnron the 15th

K 2ot

N

PAR LI AMENT ARY. A. 1781.

be ranked among the other auspicious omens which had attended his introduction into that House. He used the words u something like speaking out, " because, till the learned Lord cleared his doubts, and explained certain points that appeared to him t6 require explanation, he could not say that the noble and learned Lord’s speech was so explicit and so open as he possibly would wish the House to suppose. Upon the whole, the learned Lord Had spoken out, and he thanked him fordoing so, and trusted he would explain the doubt that he had left upon his mind. But first the learned Lord had laid a grekt deal on the ground of gentlemen’s having forced a meaning upon the Address, to which he, by voting for it, never intended to pledge himself. In answer to this, he could only lay, that every production committed to writing imift be judged of and construed by its phraseology and by its words. It was no argument to him for a minister or his advocate; ( he begged pardon for the word, it. really was an accidental lapse of expression;. he meant the friend, defender, or supporter of the minister; but he hoped his error, which he solemnly declared was unintentional, would convince the noble Lord over the way [ Lord Mulgrave ] that the word advocate might be used without any design of offence. y To return to his subject, it Was no argument to him, that a minister, or the supporter of a minister declared in his place, that he did riot mean what the words committed to black and white actually imported. He could not distociate language and ideas; liter a feripta manet; and he must necessarily direct his arguments to that which was likely - to become a parliamentary record, and not to the fleeting speech of an hour But to leave arguing upon a point which had been so much, difeufled, and about which, in fa61, there could not be a second opinion. He wished to come to that which he would beg the learned Lord to explain. If the House had been called upon to pledge themselves for the support of the American war, then there would have been rearon for all this debate; " but that a day, and an opportunity would occur Toon when the House would fairly. come to issue on the question of the Arricrican war. " This is what he wished to have, explained. When would that day and that opportunity occur } How was it to be brought about ? He wiftied sincerely for the learned Lord to be explicit upo# thjis head. How was it to be brought to issue ? He confjtucd, for his

own part, he saw many difficulties. t

To move for acknowledging the independence of America, would be atl improper means of bringTng it to issue, for tjiat I ’ Would

' v

A. ~1781 « 9 E ' A ’ T E S.

59

would prevent os from taking advantage of circumstancesi To move for the withdrawing of troops would be unfealoliable, for it might be necessary to the prosecution of the war against France to hold military llations in America, To disagree to a continental war would be improper, for a dispute would arise about the meaning of the term continental war. In short, be knew not how the quell ion could come to ifloe : if the learned Lord really meant what he laid, he would have no objection to Hate what day and what question lie alluded to, when he said the day was near, on which gentlemen mult speak fully and fairly to the question of the American war. That day he longtd for with the mod eager impatience; and if he could possibly guess, he should suppose tke day meant, was that, when the army was to be voted.

The learned Lord had Hood up with a degree of manly lirm - ness, not very common to the friends of the minister on the present occassion; and he had declared, he meant to be explicit. If he really meant what he said, he would have no objection to speak out, and declare what day he alluded to.

If this question was not fairly answered, he would he bold to tell the noble and learned Lord, that his afFc&ation of speaking out, was, if possible, more contemptible than the hackneyed evasions of the minister.

1 he Lord Advocate said, when ministers called upon the Th LdAd -

House to vote a substitution of force to replace the { ' even thou vocate - sand men loft with Lord Cornwallis, they must meet the question fully. [ Mr. Fox called over for an explanation of the word substitution. The Lord Advocate repeated his fiift sentence. Mr. Fox ( hook his head ! j

Mr. Burke role next : he declared that if any thing yet Mr. Burke, remained necessary to be done or said to convince the Houfo that the Address pledged them to the continuance of the American war, he would read part of the Address of the House to the King in the year 1778, which pledged them to the support of the French and American war for the fake of our rights and interests. This he said was his text on which he would preach, by comparing this with the aliertiop, that it pledged the House to nothing; and comparing both with the language of the Scotch, and the Irish, and the Engiiffr ministers; and lastly, by comparing and applying •them all to the confc ences of the House. The Address was a delusion, and he was not a little amazed to hear the learned Lard make it an argument that it could not be a delusion,

•bccause it could only last a week; good God, did the noble and learned Lord know so very little of the minister, as to

imagine.

PAR. LlAME NfARY A. tj9r.

imagine, that the shortness of time, which a cfelufion could exist, was any reason for his not practising it ? The noble Lord dealt in cheats and dcluiions 5 they were the daily traffic of his invention ! A week ! The noble Lord had often held out a cheat for half that time ! For a day Only ! Nay, for a single hour. He had practised cheats upon the House, which died away even before the debate was ended, to f. your which they were contrived. Had not that House fecn the noble Lord’s cheat upon the subject of the Conciliatory proportions ? Had they not witnessed his dexterity in laying down his own cheat on that - occasion, and adopting another which he thought he played off more advantageously ? The noble Lord would continue to play off his cheats and delusions on that House as long as he thought it necessary, and had money enough at command to bribe gentlemen to pretend they believed them ! Jt was no argument, therefore, to suppose that the shortness of time for which they were likely to operate, proved that they were not in fa& de - lulions. The honourable gentleman said, the learned Lord, had ingeniously endeavoured to throw obfeurity and con - fusion on the manner of conducing the war; nay, the mini tiers themselves were not clear ip their ground respecting the Address; he said the Scotch Secretary of State and the Irish Secretary of State, had both of them, ip another place, held a language totally different from that of the South British minister in that House. The Scotch and Irish Secretaries had expressly declared, that the Address did pledge those who voted for it to a profeeption of the American ' war : the one directly said they were pledged, the other hinted the fame thing. The South British Secretary and his sup - porters had told the House the directe contrary. What fort of confidence then ought gentlemen to place in an adminif - tration, where there was so glaring a want of concert ? What tirmness, what vigour could arise from the councils of men so disunited ? How was this difference of argument Upon the fame subject to be accounted for } Was it owing to their different places of birth ? Were Scotch, Irish, and English so jumbled together, that there was a Babel in the Cabinet, and such a confusion of tongues, that the one could not underhand what the other said ? The learned Lord told the House, he did not mean to pledge himself for the prosecution of the American war, when he voted for the Addref; ? What satisfaction was that to the House ? The declaration was the private declaration of an individual member of Parliament. The Address was the act of the

Housej

, C.

A. 1781 : DEBATES *

House; but now he came to apply to the consciences of the House, and to discharge his own. The tenth article of the Capitulation shocked him beypnd mesfure. Earl Cornwallis was forced to surrender up to the civil jurisdiction of the country the loyalists who had come to his standard. These men we had butchered in cold blood; they were doomed to be hung, drawn, and quartered; and a yortng Prince of the blood was sent out to be spectator of the horrid executions of those who were quelling the rebellion against the Crown, executed for rebelling against the Congrel ' s. What a seene. cried he, for the eyes of the royal youth, to behold the faithful adherents of his Father hanging in quarters on every headland as he fajls along. What a report to make of the objects that first {truck his view in that country, where he was jaught to hope he should be every where received witl > welcome. Here, Sir, I beheld the bloody remnants of our faithful friend, Mr. Williams, gibbetted up for a terror to all who adhere to us; and a little farther another friend, and yet another, and another. But is not this One fatt among a thousand, sufficient to convince us of the horrible iniquiry of themeasures we have hitherto pursued ? and is it not the strongest reason for our forsaking a system so pernicious ? He worked up his passions so much in dcfcantingon the {booking cruelty of the circumstance, that his whole frame was visibly and violently agitated. He declared the blood of all the Americans, who lost their lives in consequence of that capitulation, rested on the head of Lord Cornwallis, or of miniftcy. As he had no right to charge him with it in the other House, where the Earl was entitled to a feat, he would make those walls re - echo with it, till Lord Cornwallis had accounted for a conduct so disgraceful to the British name, so distressing to humanity ! and while he did this, he had the highest and most respectful regard for the virtues of the noble Earl. Some dreadful circumstances most have attended the giving up of his friends. He drew acomparifon between the conduct of General Burgoyne at the surrender at Saratoga, and that of Lord Cornwallis at York - town. He reminded ministers of the manner in which they had treated General Burgoyne, who gave up no loyalists to butchery. He brought to their recoileftion the doubts entertained by them of the General’s having a right to his feat in Parliament while he was a prisoner, and the manner iq which they had prevented his - throwing himself at the feet of his Sovereign, and asked them if such was their treatment of a General who obtained such honourable

terms

Mr. Courtesy *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

terms of capitulation, what was Lord Cornwallis to expefU He next shewed to what extent the power of prote&ioo described by the American secretary had been carried By ( ire aijd sword we had forced the Americans to join the Kind’s troops, and now those very men, who had been fighting to quell rebellion, were to be executed with ignominy, for having themselves been rebels. After working up himself and his hearers to the mod didrefsful state of emotion, he branded the mioiders as the cause of the horrid disaders he l ad described, and declared the Address to be the mod hypocritical, infamous, abandoned, lying paper, that ever that House had been called upon to vote. After turn - 1 ing this atfecting circumdance into various points of view, I he mentioned a mod singular factc. Earl Cornwallis was governor of the tower of London, and consequently Laurens was his prisoner, Colonel Laurens, son to Mr. Laurens, was appointed captain general of prisoners in America, and consequently Earl Cornwallis was prisoner to the son of his own prisoner. This was a circumdance that would in - dine a man the lead addicted to luperftition, to think that there was a special Providence in this affair, brought about for the purpose of humbling the proud, and teaching to all by the vicissitudes of human fortune, the duties of tenderness and humility. He also mentioned this particular circumstance, that on the 17th day of October exactly to a day, four years from the surrender of General Burgoyne at Saratoga *, Lord Cornwallis beat a parley to capitulate at York : town ., j

Mr. Courtenay said, no man could be more atie&ed by what fell from the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ) than he was. His splendid di£lion, his manly elocution, his brilliant periods, his pointed logic conveyed in a torrent of ra - pid and imprdhve eloquence, brought drongly to his recol - le £1 ion that great and able statefraan, whose memory every grateful and generous Briton reveres. The honourable gentleman dood high by h\s own superior abilities, yet dill the memory of that great roan threw a ray of glory round him. He said be would only trespass on the indulgence of the j House fora few minutes, as on such a great and impoitant quedion he did not choose to give a silenx vote. At this dif - 1 aftrous and calamitous moment, the House of Commons j; were called upon, by the proposed Address, to support the j just and rieceflVy war which wc were engaged, again#

, the united force of France and Spain, and against America is their ally. It was a war of neceility, of cruel and dire

necessity.

> y

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781. 63

necessity, on which principle alone he would attempt to ju£ tify it. If there was a hope, a gleam of hope, that by acknowledging the independence of America, file could lie detached from France, it would demand. the serious atten - tion of the House, whether such terms should not be granted. Though the endearing and heartfelt names of colonies and mother country, should no longer exist, yet great commercial, great national advantages, would be derived from an union between people naturally connected by the fame language manners, and religion, and both inspired by the fame ardent spirit of liberty; great and essential benefit ! might be mutually received oy both countries, cemented by a - fcederal union, and Britain, on such a liberal and enlarge system of policy, might again become 3. great and flourUhn ing nation, the envy of Europe, and the admiration of the world ! V *

The honourable gentleman observed that much had been said on the American war ;, he was ever ready to avow his fendments on. that subject; > he had always thought it neither wile, politic, nor expedient; on every occasion, when that war had become the subject of conversation, he had very freely, perhaps sometimes. indiscreetly, declared his opinion, insignificant as it was; yet ft ill the sentiments of the meanest individual, in a free country, on a great, interesting, con - flitutional question, were of some consequence. On the first; day he had the honour of speaking in that House, he had expressed the fame sentiments, to which he should always adhere. He had voted for the Address on the explanation of the ministers who had got. up in their places, and had - explicitly declared, that the House was not pledged, or meant, to be drawn in by the words of that Address ( which to fom© gentlemen seemed so very exceptionable ) to carry on the war, for the express purpose of subjugating America, but on general terms to carry on that just ami rtecelTary war in which we were engaged, in the most efrcctual manner, for the safety and honour of Great - Britain, and the proie&on of his Majesty’s dominions.

He said, he did not like the voice of defjpondcncy; that he trusted there was an elasticity in a British mind, which ttould. always rife. in proportion to the prefiure of calamity .; but that he was surpriseu and mortified to hear a noble Lord, of the admiralty assert, as an apology fqr the acknowledged, inferiority of the British fleet at this awful moment, that *

France, from her great resources, was enabled ta h ve a,

. .; ’ ' ‘ superior

64

PARLIAMENtARY A. i ? 8t.

superior fleets that in the reigns of king William and queen Anne {he had one : If there was tIHith in this voice, it ( bunded the funeral knell of Great - Britain, and might well appall the ears of the people. But Mr. Courtenay added he was happy to find th&t the assertion wls not founded; it was con - tradifted by historical fafts; and the noble Lord who made it, seemed to have forgot the glorious annals of His profcflidn; he seemed to have forgot the action of, La Hogue, where the marine of France received a blow, from which it never recovered; he seemed to have forgot that ihemorable action Where British valour was < b very coafpicuotis, that king James in the ' exultation of his neat t, fofgetting his 6wn Situation, and that every hope was blasted by the destruction bf that fleet, destined to Teftore him to his Throne; forgetting every thing for one moment, but that he was aft Eng - lifhman, ( the only moment of his life which merits an eulo - gium ) burst out into, this generous exclamation on seeing the seamen in fwartns scrambling up the high ( ides 6 the French ships frorti their boats, u Ah, none but my brave English could do so brave in action ! " The noble Lord, when he made the assertion, mttft have forgot the aftiop off Malaga, when Sir Cloudefley Shovel defeated the French fleet, though superior to him in number of guns and men, as well as in weight of metal. The noble Lord mull have forgot the conjunft expeditions which were carried on in •nofe reigns; the reduction of Barcelona and Gibraltar, which could not have been effected without maintaining that superiority at fca on which the existence of this country depends.

He concluded by saying, that no man could lamept; more than he did the late difallrous event in Virginia ! he had fiftened with indignation to invidious comparisons on that event. Lord Cornwallis had fallen ( unaflified and unfup - ported ) not ignobly by the united arms of France and Ame - rice : he had not fallen in the pride of presumption, by the hue and cry of the peasantry, by the ptffe comkatus ax ' the country; he had fallen admired and respe&ed by the enemy, and his chains wpre wreathed with laurels : may he theil live to receive the reward of his valour from the hands of his difeeming sovereign ! He is an an honour to his profelfion and will add a luff re to the highest honour that can be Conferred on him; and the sacred and applauding voice of the people will faoftify their sovereign’s choice.

The House then divided on the motion for bringing up the report. — Ayes 131; noes 54.

r

6 5

A. 1781. DEBATES,

., November 29. '

This day the Commons presentrd their Address to the King at St. James ’ s.

7be humble Address of the House of Commons to the King. A Urcfs.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subject ?, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty the thanks of this House, for your most gracious Speech from the throne.

We allure your Majesty, that wc fee with concern that the war is still unhappily prolonged by that restless ambition which first excited our enemies to commence it, and which ( till continues to disappnint your Majesty’s earned desire and diligent exertion to restore the public tranquillity.

• We are. sensibly affected by your Majesty ' s paternal expressions of concern for the real welfare of your subje < 5ts : and we receive with theilrongeft emotions of duty and gra titude your Majesty ' s gracious and endearing declaration, that you should not answer the trust committed to the So - vereign of a free people, nor make a suitable return to your subjects for their constant, zealous, and affectionate attache ment to your person, family, and government, if you con - fented to facrihce, either to your own desire of peace, or to their temporary ease and relief, those eftegtial rights and permanent interests, upon the maintenance and preservation of which the future strength and security of this country must ever principally depend.

We declare, on our part, that we know no means of making to your Majesty any return so suitable and so just, and of answering the great trust committed to us by those. whom we represenx, _ as by giving your Majesty this firm assurance, that we arc ref jived to assist and support your Majesty to the urmost of our power, in maintaining preserving the t ( Tenrial rights and permanent interetls of your crown and people. v

The favourable appearance of affairs in the East Indies, and the safe and prosperutis arrival of the numerous commercial fleets of your kingdoms, have given us great satisfaction : but we sincerely regret that your Majesty’s assiduous endeavour ? to guard your exte dive dominions have not in all places b < - en attended with success; and we learn with the deepest concern, that the events of war have been very Voj, Vt K unfor -

66 PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

unfortunate to your Majesty’s arms in Virginia, and have ended in the loss of your forces in that province.

We are fully persuaded, that the principal view of the confederacy of our enemies was to foment and maintain the rebellion in North America; and, under the specious delufjon of the establishment of an independent empire, to render your Majesty’s Colonies subservient to the power and influence of the Crown of France : but your Majesty may rely on our steady assistance to second your Majesty’s endeavours to defeat the \ dangerous designs of our enemies, equally prejudicial to the real interests of America and to those of Great Britain,

We will not fail to resume the great and momentous consideration of the state and condition of the dominions and revenues which this country possesses in the East Indies; and we trust, that, in our deliberations on those important matters, we shall proceed with the fame spirit and temper in which they were begun, and with the fame care and anxiety to consider how those remote provinces may be held and governed with the greatest security and advantage to this nation, and by what means the happiness of the native inhabitants may be best promoted.

In this arduous conjuncture, we consider it as our first duty to our country to grant your Majesty such supplies as the circumstances of affairs shall be found to require. We cannot but feel that the war is burthensome and expensive; but we are convinced, at the same time, that it is just and necessary; and nothing on our parts shall be wanting to give efficacy and success to the valour of your Majesty s fleets and armies : and we still have a firm confidence, that, by a vigorous, animated, and united exertion of the resources and faculties of the nation, and of the spirit of a free people, your Majesty will be enabled, under the protection of Divine Providence, to restore the blessing of a safe and honourable peace to all your dominions.

His Majestys Answer.

Gentlemen,

I return you my cordial thanks for this very loyal, dutiful, and affectionate Address. It breathes the spirit and firmness of the Representatives of a brave and free people. Nothing could afford me so much satisfaction, or tend so effectually to the public safety and welfare in the present conjuncture.

November 30.

Mr. Mine bin rose to make some motions, of which he had

given

> tnswer.

> tr

U - n,

A. i78k Ef E B A T E S. 7

given notice, fespecting the Navy, which he introduced by an argument to the following purport. It was the duty, he said, of every Member of that House to enquire into the expenditure of the public money; to see that the money voted for public Cervices was properly applied to those Cervices. The Admiralty department was conducted with more mystery than any other under the Crown; and the enormous unfunded debt, Which was to be always found hanging on that department, was a subject of alarm to every watchful Member of that House, and a necessary object of enouiry.

The present mode practised by the Admiralty and Navy Boards, in making out estimates, and stating the expenditure of money voted for the Navy, was so dark and intricate, so complex and disguised, that the estimates generally laid before that House were not more intelligible than Egyptian hieroglyphics. To simplify those estimates, and thereby render them intelligible; to make them so plain and easy, that Mi - nifters might be deprived of the resource they found in darlc and ambiguous statings, to conceal from the public the man - ' ner in which their money was expended; was the subject of

a few motions which he intended to submit to the House.

He had often had it in contemplation to endeavour to discover a mode by which the people might know whether the money voted by the ReprefCntadves was really applied to public uses; and the best mode that had occurred to him Was to make the different officers of the different dock - yards to transmit their accounts upon oath to the Clerk of the House of Commons, and then it might be hoped that the people Would know in what manner their money was expended.

According to the present mode of stating accounts, all the nation could learn was, that their money was spent $ but how, or for what purposes, was a secret : immense fumt Were voted, but such a force as, from the greatness of the supplies, might be well expected, was not to be found A noble Lord Mulgrave ) had said, in the debate on the Ad - dress, that, when Lord Hawke quitted the Admiralty - Board the Navy was in a very bad situation; but that it had greatly improved under the administration of Lord Sandwich.

This, however, was an assertion not grounded in ia&; for he could prove the contrary to be truth. The Navy, when Lord Hawke left the Admiralty, October 1770, consisted of tighty ships of the line, fit for ferviCe; but, under Lord Sandwich, there were rto more than the 15th

6 ». PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

of March 1781 : and though it was said, that Lord Hawke ' s {hips were built in a hurry, of green wood, and consequently could not remain long fit for service, it was nevertheless a well - known fast, that several of these green - wood {hips were actually employed in the most dangerous and laborious expeditions, though under new names, to disguise them while many of the ships that were built after the improved method of Lord Sandwich ( /. /. leaving them {landing in their fiames till their timbers were rotten ) had been found i ' o little fit for service, that within the space of one year several of them had been four times in dock. —Such was the produce of the vast sums voted for the Nav

He hoped that, from what he had said. Gentlemen would fee with him the necessity of some regulations, that should be a check upon those to whom the application of the public money was intruded : that, and that alone was the object he had in view; and for this purpose he had framed his. motions. One was, That the Commissioners of the dockyards of Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Chatham, do give di - re&ions to the matter matt - maker, matter smith, matter {hipwright, matter ttorekeeper, clerk of the rope - yard, &c. Ac. to transmit to the Clerk of the House of Commons ao account of the quantity and value of timber, ropes, fails,. iton, pitch, tar, hemp, Ac. in their respective departments;. together with an account of the quantity and value of each of the above articles employed in building, rebuilding, or repairing, any of his Majesty’s ships of war for the ’ last three 1 years, ttating the name and rare of each ship. "

. He said that the use he intended to make of this and the other motions he had to otter, was to have the papers called /or rcieued to a committee, who should be impowered to cal ) for more, if more should be necessary, in order to enable them to digest and lay before the House, resolutions preparatory to the introdudlion of a bill, that should have lor its object the proper application of the public money to the feivices for which it is voted. He concluded - with making the above motion.

Sir C. Yonge Sir George Tonge seconded the motion.

Mr. Fenton said, that nothing would give him morepleafure,

Mr. Pentoft. than that the manner, in which the money voted for the Navy, was applied, should be fully underttood by the House; and therefore he could not have the leatt objection to the motive which induced the Honourable Gentleman to make his. motion; it was the just apprehension of giving information,

to

0 < )

A. 1781. DEBATES.

to our enemies, that made him form any opposition at all to it; but to the motion in its present ( late, he really had one objection, which if removed, would leave the motion - in such a date, that he would very readily vote for it : his objection was, that the quantum of all the dores in hand, in the three great arsenals of the kingdom, was called for, and of course would be laid before the world : if that House alone was to read the account he could have no apprehen - fton for coitfequences; but to pass the motion in its present form, would be to lay before our enemies the mod dan -; gerous information; if therefore the Honourable Gentleman would consent to amend his motion, it should meet with; his concurrence : the amendment he fuggeded, was that different officers of the yards, &c. do lay before the House an account of the quantity and value of timber, hemp, &c. delivered into the dores in any given year; together with the quantity and value of each article used by them for the service of the public within the same year. -

Mr. Minchin approved of the amendment and adopted it.

Lord Mulgrave opposed the motion. He said, that the officers mentioned in the motion, to whose care the different grave, ( lores were committed, might be good judges of the quantity, but not at all of the value « of them; and therefore he thought it would, be more proper that the return of the quantity might be made to the Navy - Board, where the value could be mod properly ascertained; because it was by contrail with that Board that they were purchased. But he had an insurmountable objection to another part of the motion, which called for an account of the quantity and value of ( lores used in building, rebuilding, and repairs of ships : this would make our enemies acquainted with the date of our shipping, and enable them to guess when they would be fit for sea; a dangerous piece of intelligence indeed : and such as no nation in its senses would furniQi its enemy with.

Many expeditions which our enemies had planned were never carried into execution, because, knowing that we had such a number of ships in dock, they did not know how soon they might be ready for sea.

Be wiffied, as much as the Honourable Gentleman, that the date of the dores could be made public; they would be found such as would not discredit the Board of Admiralty; and if the Honourable Gentleman had thought proper to have previously communicated to him the nature of his motions, he would have endeavoured to forward the object

as

7

PARLIAM E NTART

A. 1781.

zi much as he could, by making enquiries how the business \ could be done tnoft to the satisfaction of the House, Without j doing any thing injurious to the State j and if the Honourably Gentleman would withdraw his motioir for the pry fen t, he would make all the enquiries he coirld to learn the belt method of giving him and the floufe complete faxisfa&hrti. l Mr !.. Mtmhin. withdrew his motion. i

Mr. Burke, Mr. Burke gave riotice, that he intended to mote 2 feme j convenient day for copies of the instructrons fern td Sir Georgd Rodney, relative to the disposal of thd. property found on the island of St. Euftatius When he first mentioned that subject last fession, thd objection then made to j the measure Was that the Admiral was absent, and that an ] enquiry into the subject could not be carried on unless the j Admiral and General concerned were present to defend their condu6f, or without injustice to them in their absence. Btrt those Gentlemen being now in towrty thef obje&iort of course did not now exist, and therefore he would enter upon the bufihcfs Whenever they £hould thibk proper; being ready, at the feme time, to communicate to thenl the nartiAe of the charges he intended to brings that they might by 1 these means have it in their poWer, if their services should be wanted out of the kingdom, for dntruft feme friend or; friends with the heads of their defence, to be made for j them in their absenice, sir G. Kod - George Rodney desired the Honourable Gentleman nty. Would choose his day : he was fully prepared to meet his charges; and the earlier the day, the better, because he was ordered for foreign service, and had not lorig to remain in the kingdom. —As he was then upon his legs, he would say a few words upon Lord Cornwallis’s fur render : and first he said he thought it would be proper for him to state to the House the intelligence he had transmitted before he left the West - Indies, to the commander in chief of the fleet and army in America, and to the commanders in chief at Jamaica. He was proceeding, but the Speaker told him, that another opportunity would serve better than the present, as there was no motion on. the subject before the House.

Lord North. Lord North said, though the business might be taken up

at an early day, it could not be expected that the com - j manders should be called upon immediately for an answer : the Honourable Gentleman would first state his charges, and then the Admiral and General might take a proper time to make their defence.

Lord '

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Lord Lijburne said, that his brother, General Vaughan,

had no objection to enter upon his defence as early as the Honourable Gentleman could wish.

Mr. Burke said, the business undoubtedly was not of that Mr nature, that, like a trial before a jury, it could he determined in a day. The instructions must be first produced.

If it should be found, that Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan were directed by those instructions to do what they had done, then the business with respect to them was at an end, and the King’s servants would be alone criminal.

At present he made no charge; that must arise from the in - structions : but he held it to be his duty to enquire into every attempt to violate the laws of nations, or introduce into countries, conquered by the arms of Great Britain, regulations contrary to her laws and constitution.

Sir George Rodney rose again, and said. Whether I had sir G. Rod - had instructions or not, my conduct would have been just K7 what it was at St. Euftatius.

December the 4th was fixed.

Sir Grey Cooper moved the order of the day, which was s ? r Gre7

r _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ r r 1 ' Cootcr *

for going into a committee of supply.

Mr. T. Pitt rose, he said, to object to the Speaker’s leaving < the chair; and declared his resolution of dividing the House, whatever might be the reception of his arguments, and even if he were sure of finding himself the single person in that division who walked below the bar. It had been laid, that on the first day he had recommended to the House to hold a fallenfilence and to say nothing in return to the King’s most gracious Speech. In this he had been misunderstood and mif - represented. He had advised the House only to stay, till some - thing becoming the feelings, the situation, and the dignity of the House, should be advised and considered, in place of the adulation, the flattery, and the delusion, with which they did approach their Sovereign. The situation of affairs made it disgraceful in the House to echo back the Minister’s language —it was as degrading to the Parliament of a free people, as it was insulting to a great and gracious Prince; for to flatter in such a moment was to insult. He knew, and he wished to observe, the decencies of that House. No man could be more anxious than himself to pay his duty to the Throne; and it was for this reason that he had recommended to the House to delay for a few days, that they might deliberately consult and agree upon an Address which would become the House to present and the Monarch to receive. That the Sovereign of a free people should feel his breast swelled with in -

dignation

Sir G €tof r.

i

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

dignation on the view of calamities so unprecedented and so diSaftrous, he could not wonder; that he Should be rouzed to the ambition of reinstating his empire in its flourishing condition, was not surprising—it was a natural, a laudable ambition. Considering the Speech, therefore, in this light, it claimed his admiration; but, viewing it as it really ought to be viewed, as the Speech of his Majesty’s Ministers—of those Ministers who had ruined their country, he muit declare that it was a hardy and a Shameless Speech, in the fevereSt sense of these epithets. He was astonished to find those Ministers, who ought to appear before their injured country humbled and penitent as in private they ought to feel the compunctions of rernorfe, for the fatal consequences of their delusions, fallacies, and madness, —come forward, and, without common decency, tell the people that they meant to persevere.

This had been his idea on the first day of the session—that the House Should take time to conSider the answer which they were to give. It was Still his idea; and he now rose to object to the voting a supply—not that he meant to withhold a supply in the present exigency of affairs—he would grant liberally—he would give Government the utmost fop port t but he would have a pledge, that that which the House granted chearfully should be applied with wisdom and effect. He would not lay what pledge would be satisfactory, further than this, —that he should expect a Striking proof of their contrition and repentance—of their conviction of former folly — and of their resolution of amendment—by instituting a scheme of real exertion, well - directed vigour, and wife endeavours to regain the loft honour of their country, and to restore us to our former respect among the belligerent nations of Europe At present, what was the reason that foreign nations had no confidence in us ? It was because our Government was no longer what it used to be—a Government lodged both in the King and his People : it was now, by means of corruption, vested only in the servants of the Crown; and therefore the nature of our Government, which formerly arrived so much lustre from its democracy, being changed, the powers of Europe, who formerly courted our alliance, now scorned and reviled us, and would not place confidence in our councils. —It was not a change of Ministers—it was for a total change of system and measures that he looked 3 and, that his wishes should be gratified, he would oppose privilege to prerogative, and voce that not a Shilling Should be given by the People to the Crown, until they Should first have received this earneSt *

Sir Grey Cooper said, that when, on a former occasion, th

Hon. Gentleman had declared he would oppose the supply.

A. 178 *. DEBATES. 73

he really imagined that it was an expression that had dropped from him in the heat of debate, and that on cooler reflection he would not perfcvere in his resolution : he was therei - fore the more surprized to find the Hon. Member ( till in the fame mind. The Hon. Gentleman did not forget, that, by the Address to the Throne, the House had pledged itself to grant some supplies, though it did not bind itself to vote any for the American War. Had we not other Enemies than the Americans ? And did the Hon. Gentleman wiih to leave the nation without either fleet or army to defend it ? This, indeed, would be a most agreeable event to France and Spain.

Hoc Ithdcus velit 5 et magno merccntur but he mull

look upon such a resolution in no better light than public despair and political suicide. Formerly, indeed, it was the practice of Parliament to make a red refs of grievances pre -. cede supplies; but then the King had revenues from Crown lands, and other resources, with which he was obliged to support his civil and military establishments; but now that the Crown has no settled revenue but for its own support, and the people have in their own hands all the other revenues, and the care of providing for all military establishments, it would be strange indeed that they should refuse to vote a suppjy defined solely for their own prote&ion : no instance of such a refusal could be found since the Resolution, since the revenues for the support of the King, and the support of the State, had been diflociated. Hetrufted, therefore, that Gentlemen would not now begin to set so bad a precedent, and give so bad an opinion of our situation, as to let all Europe have it to say that the Parliament had left Government at a ( land.

Mr. Fox said that Ministers and their Friends had a double _ _ wayofreasoning about the Address : when they wanted to get it ‘i through the House, they said it bound the House t < > nothing \ but now that it was passed, and that an opposition was made to the supply, they argued, that by the Address the Mouse had hound itself to grant it. The Honourable Gentleman frctu whom the opposition cair. e, had undoubtedly hit upon the best means of procuring to the people that change of mea - v

sures upon which their political lalvation depended—to delay the supply, though not to refuse it; to delay it until some pledge should be given by Ministers to the nation, that they felt compunction for pad errors; that they had discovered their fault, and were resolved to reform; Th/e Honourable Member very properly refrained from naming what pledge it would be necessary to give; that ought to cuu e from ihenr - Voi *. V. ' L ' nlv. fj

G ’

74

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 178 r.

selves, but not from themselves only; Parliament should also give a pledge j and a better could not be devised, than an impeachment—That House had once felt the corruption of Alinifters to be gaining ground so rapidly, that they came to the resolution that the influence of the Crown was increasing and ought to be diminished. Ministers had basely advised their Matter to rule by the silent means of intrigue, in ( lead of reigning in the hearts of his people : they had destroyed the democracy of the conttitution, and all was now swallowed up in the monarchy : the forms indeed of the conttitution were ttill in being, as an Honourable Gentleman had observed, but the vitals of it were consumed; the temple flood, but the dei tutclares had deferred it. The Honourable Baronet had said, that since the Resolution no instance could be found of an opposition to the supply; it was true 5 but since the Re - volution bad there ever been a period like the present ? Had there ever been a reign so unfortunate ? Had there ever been acircumstance so paradoxical, as a Parliament resolving that the influence of the Crown ought to be diminished, without being able to eftedl a diminution ? Grievances, said the Honourable Baronet, used formerly to precede a supply 5 but then it was because the King had large hereditary revenues with which he could support his establishments : it was true; but since the reparation of the two establishments, the Court and the military, had taken place, Ministers had advised their Sovereign to think only of himself; and in proportion as the means of his subjects decreased, the expences of his Court were increased. Formerly, when that party of men, known by the name of Whigs, was in office, the King perhaps was not so rich in money, but he was greatly so in glory and dominion : now that the Whigs are not in office, and the nation is poor, the King is rich at home, but poor in glory and dominion; both being sacrificed by the measures of his Mini - flers.

But, fays the Honourable Baronet, will you disband your fleets and armies, and leave the country at the mercy of her enemies ? Certainly not : it is in the power of the Ministers to obtain the supplies, which are only delayed, whenever they may think proper to give such a pledge as may be sufficienC to convince the public that they are determined totally to change their measures. But the French and Spaniards will rejoice at Government being at a ( land. Then, O House of Bourbon ! might you be called reilless indeed, not to be satisfied with the administration of those men, whose measures

A. 17S1,. DEBATES.

75

sures gave you Grenada, St. Vincent ’ s, Dominica, Tobago; and, what is greater than all the Grenades, St. Vincent ’ s, JJo - minicas, and Tobagos—the friendship of America ! RellJefs indeed you must be, if you could rejoice at the removal of men who have served you so well, and so greatly contributed to your succesles against this country. He had said in a former debate that Ministers were paid Dy France, or by some other means, for the measures they pursued; or that they deserved to be paid; and he was still of the fame opinion. It was a matter of the utmost indifference to him, whether Ministers were in the pay of France; or, in order to preserve their placif, concurred, for the fake of the emoluments of office, in mea sures which they knew must be ruinous to the country. H$ did not wish not to have an army; but how could he trust at army to the hands of the present Ministers, unless he wiftie4 to fee it surrendered up to Washington ? One army was loft aC Saratoga, another atYork - Town; and God only knew what third place would be signalized by the loss of a third army. The people felt those losses and disgraces; but Ministers must not be blamed, because they criminate the commanders General Burgoyne was blamed 5 Sir William Howe was blamed; Sir Henry Clinton was blamed; Sir Samuel Hood was blamed; and so was Admiral Graves : but this must not exculpate Ministers; for if the Generals and Admirals were all to blame, Ministers must be so too, for employing commanders unequal to the task imposed upon them.

Mr. Adam said, that nothing could be more improper than

the line of conduct recommended by those gentlemen who refused to vote for the supply;. it was the first dictate of aef - pair, and would be tantamount to telling the enemy that we are no longer able for war, but ready to accept such terms as they shall think proper to impose : not so had Louis 14th fboken, when his kingdom was in a thousand times worse

utuation than ours. - - - When the victorious Marlborough

had ravaged the country almost to the very gates of Paris, what would the world have thought of that Monarch, if, holding his bed of justice, furmunded by his nob ’ es, he had declared in the face of the world that he must renounce his grandson, because, so far from being able support him on the throne of Spain, he could scarcely defend his own capital ? What would the world have thought of Chamillard, If he could have advised that Monarch to such a step ? All mankind, no doubt, would have thought them mad, for thus proclaiming their sentiments in full Parliament. That King did no such thing; he perfeyered; and, after having

• L

been

76

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

been reduced to the lowed ebb, his perseverance carried him through, and he at last had the satisfaction to fee his grandson acknowledged King of Spain. We should imitate his spirit, and, like him, we might. triumph, in the end.

I. onl All Lord Aithorpe said, he was thoroughly satisfied of the ne - thorpe. cefiity and propriety of with - holding the supplies for a short time, by the ( Length and weight of the argument made use of by the Honourable Gentleman who first opposed the motion. Mr. Mon Mr. Montagufpoke on the same side as Lord Aithorpe, to whom he paid some very handsome compliments on his promising abilities; and said, that the reason why supplies had not been denied since the Resolution, was, that till lately the principles of the Resolution had been observed, and rendered this interference of the Commons unnecessary.

Lor AFreJe - Lord Frederick Campbell declared his resolution was for nek Camp, granting a supply immediately.

e Lord North said, he rose to explain how far the House

LordNsrtb was bound and not bound by the Address : it certainly was not bound to the American or any other war; but its was bound to make aprovision for the necessary expences ofGovernment. It had promised it; and, unless gentlemen wished that there should be no Government at all, a < supply ought undoubtedly to be granted. Gentlemen laid they wished to ( Lengthen the Crown by with - holding the supplies, as by that means they would force Ministers to adopt such measures as would regain to them the confidence both of their fellow - subjects and of foreign powers. It was well that gentlemen had said, that, by with - holding the supplies, they meant to ( Lengthen the Crown; it was an intention, which, if they had not been pleased to reveal, no one could ever have been able to guess. He was for ( Lengthening the hands of Government by granting a supply; they, by with - holding it : the matter was at ifl ' uc between them; which then was mod in the right ? The granting of a supply speedily and chearfully would convince our enemies that v/e were not deprefl ' ed by our misfortunes; the with - holding a supply would produce this dangerous consequence, that our enemies would be taqght to believe, that, in this most critical moment, the King and his Parliament are no longer one. [ The Noble Lord begged pardon for saying‘uheKing"—Gentlemen would know he meant the Crown. " ] Such conduct would only become a nation ready to accept any terms that a conqueror should dictate, and not a people who wished to treat with arms in their hands. But, in another point of view, it was the maddeft line of conduct that could poffibiy be conceived; for though we

should

A. 1781. DEBATES. 73

' ♦ •, '

( ho ' jld renounce td - morrow all the wars in which we were engaged, still there would be a necessity for a supply to support even our peace establishments. To refuse such a supply might be thought, in those who refused it, to proceed from a bad intention; but he was ready to admit that the intention of those gentlemen who opposed the supply was good, because he knew by personal experience that the intentions of men were often mistaken : he had often l ? imfelf been the object of censures and reproaches, which originated solely in this circumstance, that those who censured him were to - ‘

tally ignorant of the integrity of his heart. But gentlemen said they did not mean to refuse the supply; they only wished to delay it for a few days : but where was the certainty that, at the end of a few days, gentlemen would be more ready to grant a supply than this day ? it depended upon circumstances and events; and if these events should not in four or five days take place, then the same reason will dill continue for delaying the supply. A pledge must be given to Parliament; but what that pledge is, nobody has thought proper to mention : with some it might be a change of Min iftry; with others a renunciation of the American war; with a third set, of the Dutch war. One gentleman had frid that many grievances existed, which ought to be le - drelTed : the consideration of those grievances, and their remedies, must take up a considerable time, and in the interim we must be without fleets or armies. The influence of the Crown must be reduced, fays another gentleman; but can that be the work of a day ? The influence must be firit discovered, traced up to its source, and then remedied : this mull also be a work of time; and in the interim, the trade and navigation of the empire must he destroyed for want of the navy 1 Another gentleman must coniult his constituepts, and fays that all the Members ought to do the fame, before they vote away the money of the people : the sense of the, people at large must : therefore be taken, and a speeics of general election resorted to, before a supply can be granted; and until that sense could be taken, no suppiv was to be granted. Did gentlemen fee the, folly of this condu£t ? He trusted they did; and that they would not perl ' eveie in an opposition to the supply, wh ’ ch would be mudness, even ip time of peace, but dreadfully fatal in the prefmt llaye of the war.

Mr. Vyitr fa d, though he was no advocate for the Am - \ r < rienn war, yet he thought it might be dangerous to delay the supplie *, and therefore he should vote for granting them.

Mr,

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

Mr. 71 Pitty in reply, said, I should not have trespassed upon the usual indulgence of this House, having had the honour to submit to you the subject of this debate, if a circumstance had not happened that calls upon me, in a more peculiar manner, to explain myself upon what it would be so extremely improper I should pass over in silence. The Noble Lord in the blue ribbon dropped a word in the heat of argument, which he corrected himself in at the moment, and which, however irregular, and more particularly so in the Minister, I will do him the justice to believe, had not the smallest intention to offend against the rules of this House, much less to Intimidate the debate by the authority of a name, which it is therefore the usage of Parliament moss cautiously to avoid mentioning. After however having done justice to the intention of the Noble Lord, and having declared how far I am from wishing to impute to him the smallest blame; permit me, Sir, to say, that that name having been used in the debate, I should feel myself wanting in the respect I owe towards that Personage, if I did not declare the moss loyal attachment, and the moss dutiful sentiments, towards the person of his Majesty. The Noble Lord had said, 44 Is it fit to hold out to all Europe, that the King and his Parliament are no longer one F God forbid, Sir, that I should live to see the melancholy hour, when the and his Parliament

shall be disunited. But, Sir, if the Noble Lord had used that constitutional epression which is only known to this House in our debates; had he warned us against the appearance that the Crnun and the Parliament were no longer $ I will tell the

Noble Lord, without disguise, that such was my intention, such was my only purpose, in the proposition of this day. Yes, Sir, it is my wish to set the Crown and the Parliament at variance, in direct opposition to each other. I trust 1 do

tjot hazard myself in this epression. What, Sir, is the Crown but the executive power of Government ? What is Parliament but the deliberative ? What is this House but that branch of the deliberative power that is trusted with the pur ft of the People ? Sir, it is because these powers are not it is

because they are disunited, that this Government has obtained the admiration and envy of every other nation, and that I fiave now the honour to address you in that chair. When the Crown, when the executive power, shall be ill advised and ill administered, it is for Parliament, it is for the deliberative power, to interpose; and more peculiarly for this House to exert its important privilege, by ( hutting up the purl ' e with which it is ntrulted. A long and obstinate perseverance in a fatal fyffttn of error has brought this country, through successive calamities, to the brinfc of the j > recifiee, if i ( u alieady jn it, W hat theq

it

G.

DEBATES

A. 1781.

75

is our last resource ? No longer to appeal to the reason or the feelings of Ministers; for their conduct has been in the teeth of reason and argument, and we have too much experience that they have no feeling. It is to this House we must make our last appeal. The remedy is in our hands, and the crisis calls loudly that we should exert it. The prerogative of the Crown stands on the one side; it has a right to bind us to the war, and to the ministers who shall have the conduct of it. What have we on th6 other fide to oppose to this prerogative, but the privileges of this House, the exercise of which upon this day will perhaps decide the future existenee of the country. The Noble Lord has, with his usual ability, endeavoured to throw into a light of ridicule the proportion of Supporting Government by with - holding all the supplits of Government, till some pledge is given to this House of a change of system from a fente of contrition for past errors. Now, let me aik the Noble Lord, which he esteems his belt supporter in private life, his friend, or his flatterer ? His friend, whofincerely tells him necessary, though unpalatable truths; who ( hews him the errors of his conduct, and who opposes them with the intention of extricating him from the mischiefs he is involved in—or his flatterer, who, indifferent to his ruin, assists every delusion that can plunge him deeper into perdition ? Yes, Sir, Government has been sup - ported. Fourscore millions buried already in this war; threescore millions annihilated for ever in the pockets of the stockholders by the reduction of the funds, a depreciation of at least one - third of all the lands in England, are the confidence that has been reposed in Government : —what has it purchased for us, but the diiroemberifient of half our empire, and perhaps the extinction of our commerce ! Go on, Sir; support Government but a year or two longer as it has been hitherto supported, and there will scarce remain a Crown upon the head that wears it.

The Noble Lord is pleased to acquiesce in the undoubted right of this House to with - hold or to deny supplies of the year; but, if we may judge by his arguments, which apply to every possible case, it is one of those rights which can never be with propriety exerted. Alas ! Sir, I would not thank him for the right. without the exercise of it. We have heard enough of speculative rights, and they have ccft us dear enough already. If itlis merely a right in theory, it is not worth contending for : if it is an important right, and essential to the con - ftitution, it mutt be such a right as may be safely exercised when the occasion calls for it; and there never was an occasion that called for that exercise more than the present. But the Noble Lord contends, that it has not been brought forth since the Resolution : a very worthy and dear triend of ' mine ( Mr. Frederick Montagu ) has assigned the fSafon—because since that gloriou ? seta the principles of the Revo -

f lution

L

•76 PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

lution have till late years animated Government, and rendered such extraordinary exertions unnecessary. It is because those principles are forgotten—‘it is because I avow that I have loft all confidence whatever in the servants of the Crown in the executive Government, that I now call for this interposition, to save the country from inevitable destruction. An Honourable Gentleman, who spoke early in the debate, and in terms which I am sure did me personally great honour, ( Mr. Adams, ) stated the exercise of this privilege as a thing that could apply only to possible cases of the most improbable nature : he has stated an extravagant hypothesis as only sufficient tojuftify such a measure. For God’s fake. Sir, let me not be driven to the necessity— I wish to avoid it—it is too delicate—let me not be obliged to state the hypothesis of the present hour in all its circumstances, which would appear more extravagant than his wildest imagination has fug - gefted to him. — But, Sir, i am told, the enormity and extent of this proposition is such, that it is impossible I could myself have seen it, in all its consequences—I should have suffered the House to have gone into the Committee, and have objected to the particular services. Yes, Sir, and 1 should have been then told that every one of my objections was ill placed; that no one of the services could be crippled, without endangering, perhaps, the object of the whole. No, Sir, it is to no service in particular I object; it is to the whole together; it is to the granting away the money of the people, till I have some reason to hope, at Icaft, that it will not be employed in heaping fresh calamities upon us. It has been represented as if my proposition went to the total extindtion of all the functions of Government, the disbanding your fleets and armies, and refusing the supplies which we have promised in our Address to the Crown. Sir, the mode I have chosen has been directly the contrary. I have not objected to the referring that part of his Majesty’s Speech to a Committee, but to your leaving the chair to enter into that Committee. Let this House be once satisfied that the Crown is seriously convinced of its pnft errors, and then, Sir, put me to the trial; fee if 1 am not as forward as any man in this House in exerting every effort in this melancholy crisis to redeem us from our abject situation. It has been ohierved, that gentlemen on this fide of the House have seemed to differ as to what pledge they would expect before they would concur in the supplies. Sir, every man must be determined by his own conviction. I have not presumed to think for others—I shall be determined by my own. As long as I believe the supplies will be perverted to our detriment, so long will I refuse my concurrence : when 1 have reason to be satisfied there is a change of system, and that we have better hopes, —that moment will 1 give mv most cordial support and assist - ance. I have stated, upon a former occasion, to this House, how little interring is any change among the fervaius of the Crown,

DEBATES

A. 1781.

77

whilst the system remains unshaken *. Should there be an administration formed upon other principles; an administration which might embrace the talents and efficiency that are still to be found amongst us; ah administration founded on the bafts of the public prosperity, who, when they had one foot in the closet, remembered always to keep the other firm in the interest and affections of the people; such an administration would not be indifferent to me —I should look up to it as the last hope of this devoted epuntry. Whatever changes may take place, I shall watch with jealously : if their condudf defends my approbation, it shall receive my warmest tribute : if otherwise, ' I trust Khali bestow my censure with the fame honest sincerity which I have used towards their predecessors. The Noble Lord has affected to establish a distin&ion between the different revenues of the Crown. 1 have never been able. to fee such a distin&ion. All monies that are levied upon the people, in whatever ( hape, have, in my idea, but one object, —the safety, the prosperity, the splendour of the nation, which are inseparable from the interest of the Prince upon the Throne; and, in my opinion, there is an end of the Constitution, when any such distin&ions are established.

Upon the whole. Sir, the right ' contended for, no man has pre~ fumed to controvert; it is coeval with the constitution of Parliament, and eftential to a free Government. The moment calls aloud for the exercise of it. It is effectual and it is safe. The Noble Lord, and others on that fide of the House, have endeavoured to raise out apprehensions by the alarming mischiefs it would draw upon us at home and abroad. I am not apt to pledge myself—I believe this almost the first time I ever presumed to submit a proposition of mine to the consideration of this House. Will gentlemen for once give me their confidence ? I will be responsible to them for the measure. I flake my credit and my character, and, if they please, my head into the bargain, that not one of all the evils foretold to us shall be theconfe - quence of it. Walk with me this night into the Lobby, and to - morrow’s fun shall not rife before all your apprehensions shall vanish into air, and the most timid amongst us be re - assured. No, Sir, not one ship shall be paid off; not one man disbanded. When the privilege of this House is opposed against the prerogative of the Crown, it is an unequal contest, and is decided in the moment. Foreign nations will then begin to recollect the resources of a free Government. When our system shall be changed here, theirs will also change towards us. Our frjends, if we have any, as the Noble Lord expresses it, will < bre to take confidence in us again; whilst our enemies, no longer counting upon our weakness, will once more respeef our councils, which they now despise. The united strength of this exhausted country may be pointed in one last effort, and we may preserve at ltaft the remains of our diminished empire from the complicated ruin that hangs over it. 1 can -

78

PARLIAMENTARY

Mr. Burit.

A. 1781.

I cannot fit down. Sir, without thanking the House for their extreme indulgence to me, and particularly the gen - tlemen on this fide of the House, for their able and powerful support upon this occasion. As for me, whatever be the consequence of the vote of this night, J have discharged my duty —I have brought your attention to the present alarming crisis; 1 have ftiewn you a safe and an effectual remedy within your own powers; and have flood forth among the dangers of the country, as a disinterested and faithful citizen.

The House divided, Ayes 17 ?, Noes 77. The House then went into a Committee, and voted that a supply be granted to his Majesty.

Adjourned to December 3.

December, 3.

After the private business was over, it was expected that Mr. Burke, according to notice he had given, would make some motion concerning the treatment of Mr Laurens, 2 prisoner in the Tower; but Mr. Burke not being in the House, the Speaker was going to put the question to adjourn, when Mr. Fox said, that his Honourable friend had not depart ! from his intention, and that he had sent to his house to know the cause of his present absence, and expected the return of his servant every moment. Upon this, the House agreed to wait. But in less than a minute Mr. Burke came in, quite out of breath.

He said he was extremely sorry, and begged pardon, for making the House wait. He was in the greatest confusion, but his confusion did not arise so much from a sense of delinquency on his part, as of the extraordinary and excessive indulgence of the House. The business on which he had expressed an intention to trouble them, was of very great importance, as it involved a question that concerned the justice and dignity of the nation, and might be productive ofdifagreeable consequences in America. From the moment he had agreed to undertake the business alluded to, he had taken extraordinary pains to get the bed information, and the bed advice on the subject, led from any omission on his part, or any impropriety in the mode of proceeding, he should injure the venerable character in the Tower, whose situation he wished to relieve. He therefore had written on Sunday to an Honourable Friend, one of the Clerks of the Treasury ( Sir Grey Cooper ), to know if Miniders had any objection to have the Lieutenant of the Tower examined at the bar : unfortunately his Honourable friend happened to be out of town, and he did not fend an answer to his letter

79

A. 1781 DEBATE S.

till this day at about half past two o ’ clock. The answer, however, did not convey much information to him; for it told him only that the noble Lord in the Blue Ribbon had no objection to have the Lieutenant examined, if proper grounds should be shewn for bringing him to the bar. This only told him what be knew before, that if the noble Lord {houid like the motion, be would not oppose it; but it did not give him the information he wished for. On the receipt of this answer, he immediately went to a friend for advice, left he ( houiddo something wrong, by trusting to himself; and this was what had hindered him from arriving time enough to prevent the House from being put to the trouble of waiting for him; which put him in the situation of the convict, who, being tardy in going to execution, was a ( ked how he could keep the justice of the nation waiting for him. He still was at a loft what to do, and could not think of proceeding without taking farther advice, and therefore he was under the necessity of supplicating the House to pardon him for not now bringing on a business, which he wished for a further delay toconlider more fully.

Lord North said, that the substance of the answer, which he had given directions to have sent to him, was, that there 1 - 01 or was nothing upon the face of this business, nothing peculiar in the case, that could, on the first biulh of it, render it improper to have the Lieutenant of the Tower examined at thebar; and that therefore if the Honourable Member should shew such general grounds for passing his motion as ought to induce the House to do it, he certainly, for one, would not give it any opposition.

Sir Grey Cooper gave the fame explanation to the letter he sir had written. Coyer *

Nothing more was said, and the House adjourned.

December 4.

General Smith moved an instruction to the Committee ap - QCrerij poihted to enquire into the causes of the war in the Car - natic, that they esquire also into the causes and conduit of the \laratta War; and all other hostilities in which the Presidency of Bengal have engaged. He said the Maratta war was a war of vanity and ambition j a war which had given rife to that confederacy which had already brought Our affairs in the East Indies into the most perilous and precarious situation > and which, if not speedily attended to,

might

8o

Mr.

DundaS,

General

Smith.

Mr. Jen -

ku. J ' cn.

Sir Thomas Kumboid

PARLIAMENT Afeif A. 78 *.

might in a very short time totally put an end to ' the domi - nion of this country in India.

Mr. H. Dundas ( Lord Advocate ) rose, he said, to request

the Honourable Gentleman would withdraw his motion; because it would open too wide a field for the Committee, would protract their fittings, and prevent them from bringing the great business entrusted to their care, to as speedy a conclusion as might be Wished for. The motion in itself did not appear to him as necessary by any means j for, though the Committee was a Committee of Secrecy, he might venture to say this of their proceedings, that they could not come to any conclusions with respect to the cause of the war in the Carnatic without Entering amply into I that of the Maratta war : nsty, they had already made a J considerable progress in it, as the House would fee by the; next report, which he flattered himself would be ready to be laid before the House immediately after the Holidays; and if in that report, the Honourable Gentleman should not find that the Committee had sufficiently entered into the Maratta war, he would then have so little objection to the subject matter of thfc present motion, that he Would be most ready to approve it himself.

General Smith said, that only one reafoil could induce him not to give way to the learned Lord : and that arose from this circumstance that a fleet is shortly to fail for India; and that he thought it would be absolutely necessary for the good of our affairs ift that quarter, that the fleet should carry over the news that the House of Commons had taken up the subje < Sl of the Maratta war, and intended seriously to pursue an inquiry into it, from its first origin down to the present moment. The nature and posture of our affairs in India made such a communication absolutely necessary; for if Parliament should not interfere, and speed ily too, he was convinced, that in a short time such a confederacy would arile among the country powers, as would completely overturn our empire in that part of the world.

Mr. Jenkinson ( Secretary at War ) said, th tat first he intended to vote against the motion, but the Honourable Member had convinced him that what he had moved for. was so highly proper, that now he would not give any of - position whatever to the motion.

Sir Thomas Rumbold said, that, though the Committee to

whom the cor. iideration of the war had been referred,

was

A. 1781, DEBATES.

was called a Committee of Secrecy, their proceedings had not been so secret, but that they had found their way j > ubJic view, and were handed about with comments highly injurious to his character. It was another cause of complaint with him, that from the first rtioment the Committee had met, to the present hour, hfe had not had an opportunity to say a syllable in his own vindication : this was a hardship which was rendered the more intolerable by the comments to which he had already alluded. The Committed at their first meeting, he said, were at a loss how to proceed, or even what to begin with; and though he had ad - vised that some of the gentlemen who had been in India might have been permitted to attend them, and give theni such hints as might tend to directthem in their proceedings, and facilitate the progress of their enquiry, his advice had been disregarded; and he himself had cause to compLin, that, interested as he was in the event of their enquiry, he had not been permitted to attend evert to defend himself. He had much more cause to complain of the Board of Directors;. for he could say of them, and, as a Member of Parliament he had a right to speak of them as a public body; he could say of them, that they had dealt unjustly by him. The Maratta war ought undoubtedly to make a part of the enquiry of the Committee, for it Was greatly connected with that of the Carnatic : and so far was he from wishing to prevent them from turning their attention to it, that he wished to enlarge the field of enquiry, nnd carry the rerro spe& back to the year 1772 or 1773, when a new mode of government was introduced in ' India, and introduced only by way of experiment. The Committee should not be ldb attentive to the conduct of the Directors at home, than of the Company’s servants abroad; and if it should be found that the Directors had nqt attended to the advices sent to them from India, and neglected the counfvls of the Company’s governors, that then the Committee should be as fe - Vere upon them in their report to Parliament, as against any of the persons employed abroad by the Company.

Mr. Gregory said, he wished not to anticipate the pro - Mr } ceedings or reports of the Committee; but this he might in their behalf, though he was not one of their members, ihat they had attended so closely to the duties of the trust committed to them by the House, that they had not loft a day since they had been appointed. With respect to the Directors, he made no doubt but if they had been wrong, Vot. V M thl.

2

PARLIAMENTARY

A, 17S1. I

{he Committee would not spare them; for he was convinced, : that in their resolutions nothing would have any influence on them but right and justice. To the labours of the Committee, he looked for the preservation of our dominions in j India : if they should remain unattended to by the legifla - j ture, he was convinced they would not long be ours; but if such wholesome regulations should be adopted, as he flat - 1 tered himself would be carried into a law, he then would hope and trust, that those possessions would remain very Jong under the dominion of Great Britain, and prove of the greatest benefit and value to the nation. The motion was agreed to.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke rose, he said, to enter upon the subject of which he had given notice relative to the conduct of Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan at St. Euftatius; but as he intended to move for a Committee, he did not think it would be necessary for him to go into a detail of the bu - finess at this moment. If the House should think proper, that a Committee should be appointed. [ He was here called upon to make his motion, that the House might judge, whether it would be proper to agree to it or not. ] He then read it, viz. That this House will re -

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House to examine into the confiscation of the effects, wares, and

merchandize, belonging to his Majesty’s new subjects, as well as the British Subjects, on the island of St. Eufla - tius; and further, that the House would resolve itself into

a Committee of the whole House, to enquire into the sale, J

distribution, and mode of conveyance, of a great. part of the

laid eftedls, wares, and merchandize, to the islands belong - t

ing to France, and to other parts of the dominions of his Majesty’s enemies.

Lord Geo. Lord George Germain said, that there were assumptions in

tier main, the motion which could not be proved; or, at leall, which ought to be proved before the House could possibly, in justice, agree to it $ and this was the sale of the goods in ques - tion, either to the enemy direcBy, or indirectly through other hands. With respect to the confiscation, that was a matter to be difeuffed in another place; the legality or il - ! legality of the measure was properly cognizable in a court j of law : the parties concerned had resorted to the law of 1

the land, and by that law the legality or illegality of the

confiscation was to be ascertained. The matter being at issue, ! xlid the Honourable Gentleman wish to interfere ? Or would

the

C.

3

A. 1781 D E B A - T - E S.

the House think it just to come to any resolution respecting the transaction, pendente tile ? If the commanders had done wrong, the injured parties would be redressed; if they had done right, the law would say so. In the present momcnr, it would not be proper for Parliament to come to decisions, which, pendente liteymult be injurious to one party or the other )

Mr. Burke replied, that the doctrine laid down by the Noble Lord would, if adopted, be p. odu&ive of the greatest mischief to the country : for in every case, where a ques - tion of law and of state policy were united, one of the parties ' concerned had only to appeal to law; and then, pendente lite, the policy of the nation must deep, and by proper manoeuvres it might be made to deep till doomsday; for if it was not to be wakened till the suit should be determined, it might rest almost for ever, as might suit the interest of the parties concerned never to bring the matter to issue; and then no deciiion having been had, and the pendente lite still remaining, the question of policy, according to the Noble Lord, could not, or at least ought not, to be agitated. Such reason was too ridiculous to b « adopted by a House of Commons.

Mr. Burke here entered upon the subject. He began with ridiculing the conduct of the Admiral and General in di - r ur reding their great force against the place where the least resistance was to be expected, and attacking with a finall force the places that were most capable of defence, viz. St

Virfcent’s and St. Luftatius. The Admiral inconsiderately, and without proper information, attempted to take the former with a small force; but finding himself unequal to the talk, he gave up the design, but not without shewing upon what principle he carried on the war : he had been invited by the calamity of the hurricane which he hoped had deflated St. Vincent ' s, to make a defeent on that island; but finding the enemy stronger than he cxpe&ed, he was de - termined to distress the poor inhabitants as much as he could; and as he was not able to carry this island, he en deavoured to distress it as much as possible, and carried away all the negroes that fie could collect. The inducement which the Admiral had to invade St. Vincent ’ s, was so repugnant to the dictates of humanity, that it was really aftor nishing, hpw the Noble Lord, who was Secretary for the American department, could think of publishing that part of alette *, which fi\id it being probable thajt the hurricane and

M 3 earths

4

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

earthquake had so weakened the island of St. Vincent ’ s, that a British Admiral was resolved to add the horrors of war to the scourge of heaven, and to destroy by the sword those who had survived the dreadful calamity of storms and earthquakes. The publication of this letter was impolitic

' to the last degree; for, as we were determined at all events to carry on the present war, it should have been the care of ministers to conciliate, as much as possible, the good will \ of the different states with whom we are not at present at war. Our ministers should have considered two things— what force they had themselves to prosecute the war, and how they might encrease that force by alliances : as to our pwn force, it was well known that it was inferior to that of the enemy; ministers were therefore highly to blame in publishing a letter that would naturally make other powers pot only lukewarm in our cause, but even induce them to think that we deserved our fate. It was a mistaken notion that cabinets were mere machines, moved only by interest : Cabinets were composed of men, and men must have their feelings and their pactions. If we had always acted upon the defen five, never provoked an enemy, or made an improper use of our own force, \ve should be pitied at least in our distress, and compassion might raise us friends : but the publication of the letter he had mentioned, must, he was afraid, have stifled companion in the breasts of all the Princes of Europe, and made them think we deserved the misfortunes we suffered; and the more so, when the condu < ft of the French Admiral had furnished them with so striking a Contraft : Sir George Rodney attacked St. Vincent ’ s, but not being able to take the island, he carried off the negroes, in order to distress the inhabitants as much as he could; Comte de Grade, when he took Tobago, forced all the privateers to deliver up the negroes he had taken from that j/land, and restored them to the inhabitants, whom he even permitted to fend their produce to England, if they should please.

. Our Commanders, having mifearried before St. Vincent ’ s, greeted their arms against St. Euftatius; and as they knew that no refinance of any consequence could be made, and that three flout privateers well manned might have taken the place, the British commanders, to keep up the consist - ency of their conduct, appeared before it with fifteen ships of the line, a proportionable number of frigates, and 3000, q; at least 2 00, of the best troops in $he world. The force

IQ

85

A. 1781. DEBATES.

so resist this powerful armament consisted of a few pieces of useless artillery, and about 36 Lldiers, who might be aflilted with some invalids, &c. to the amount of about 24 more; in all about sixty men. The place, being incapable of defence, surrendered at discretion; but it seems that our commanders interpreted discretion into, for they did

not leave the conquered a shilling. Diferetion, in the language of the civil law, means a, not cuju - jUet pravi, but aquibonique vi, and of course was to be

taken in a favourable interpretation : and therefore the moment the people laid down their arms, they were intitled to protection; for where hostilities end, there protection begins : the inhabitants ought therefore to have received pro - te&ion, though, from the manner of their surrender, they could not claim a privileged protection. But what was the protection they received ? Their warehouses were locked up; their books taken from them; their provisions even with - held; and they were compelled to give in an account of all their ready money, plate, jewel *, Sec. nor was rank, or sex, or age, spared in the general order; all were included, and all were forced to comply; nay, so great had the hard - ships been, which the inhabit ? #; s were forced to undergo, that Governor Meynell, who died, was supposed to have fallen a victim to the hardships he had endured. The next measure was the general proscription of all the inhabitants, by which they were ordered to quit the island; all without exception : the Dutch were banished because they were Dutch; the Americans, because they were the king’s enemies : ill - fated Americans ! destined to be always the objects on which the English were delirous to heap misfortunes; banished as enemies from St. Euftatius; surrendered without condition at York Town, though friends ! consequently destined to suffer, either as friends or foes to Great - Britain, and to receive the deadly blow from her own hand. Among these, the case of Mr. Gouverneur was not a little remarkable; he had traded solely in drygoods, and no naval or military ( lores whatever had passed through his hands; but he acted upon commission from the Congress. This gentleman was seized, his property confiscated, and himself hurried on board, to be carried to England; while his wife was unable to obtain even a bed from her own house, for her husband and herself. It was true indeed, that on board they were both treated with the greate ' l humanity by Commodore Hotham and Captain Hall id ay - x hut the guilt of those who

PARLIAMENTARY A - 781,

\. I

had treated them so baibarously could not be effaced by the humanity of other people ! Mr. Gouverneur had no chance I for his property in the hands of the Admiral and General; i they viewed him in a two - fold light, and thereby were {

to catch him doubly : they considered him as a Dutchman < and an Engliftimm; as a Dutchman, they confifeated his property; as an Englishmen, they confined him as a traitor, and sent him to England, to be reserved for the justice of his country to pronounce upon him. But did not the Commanders know, that if he was a subject of this country, and even guilty of treason, his property could not be confiscated, until a jury of his country should have pronounced him j guilty ? It was conviction alone that produced confiscation, f and gave the King a right, which a moment before he did 1 not poliefs, to dispose of the convidFs property. But the i Commanders went to work another way; they first confif -; rated and made sure of the goods, before they knew whether Mr. Gouverneur should be convicted or not; and then sub - - jected him to the hardships of four or five month close con - fir. cment in a gaol, with the meanest and most depraved malefactors.

The French inhabitants of the island of St. Eufiatius were j also banished, but they were indeed treated with a degree of j politeness which the other nations had not experienced : the Americans our subjects, and the Dutch our natural allies, ' were treated with uncommon severity; whilst the French, our natural enemies, met with some respectc and politeness; probably because they were the subjects of a polite nation, or rather because a retaliation was apprehended. Letters indeed had passed between Sir George Rodney and the Marquis de Bouille, which were conceived in language that equalled the high eft that had been used in the wildefl days cf ancient chivalry; and there the Admiral bid defiance to the enemy, and told him he did not dare to retaliate : but if retaliation had not taken place, it was not to be aferibed to fear, but to the native generofitv of the King of France, and the sense he entertained of public justice. Our own merchants at home had solicited relief, but they could find it only at the foot of the French throne; and the British Ministry, who could not be moved by the dictates of national justice, or the supplications of our merchants, soon gave way to a menacing letter from the Court of France, in which the French King said, that, contrary to his natural disposition, he should be pbliged, in justice to his iuhjcdts, to have recourst to retali -

DEBATES,

7

A *. 1781.

ation, if the British Minidry would not adopt a different line of conduct. Ministers then gave, and the French met with, better treatment after the menace had been conveyed to our court.. It was really a matter of astonishment, that the English should act in a manner to provoke retaliation; yet so it was, that at the very time Lord Cornwallis was surrounded with forty - two pieces of heavy artillery when he could not so much as shew the nofeof a gun to the enemy, General Arnold was employed in burning ( hops and houses in New - Hampshire; and this species of warfare was unknown even to General Arnold, till he joined the British Standard : but so common was that kind of war to the English, and so many acts had the enemy to retaliate upon them, that, by the mod unheard - of article. Lord Cornwallis was obliged to Jiren then ibeflank of his capitulation, in order to fereen his troops from all reprisals under the idea of retaliation.

The poor Jews at St. Euftatius were treated in a worse manner, if possible, than all the other inhabitants; they were dripped of all their money, and eight of them put on board a ship to be carried out of the island : one of them in particular, Mr. Hohen, a venerable old gentleman, of near 70 years of age, had even his cloaths searched; an4 from this bit of linen ( holding it up ) which was sewed In the poor man’s coat, were taken 36 shillings, which he had the consummate audacity to endeavour to conceal for the purpose of buying victuals ! Here is the linen 5 and I can produce at your bar the coat from which it was taken, and the man who wore it. Mr. Hohen was treated in the moll harih manner, as were all his brethren, for this concealment. This treatment brought to his mind a dory of an Irish gentleman, who, finding his wife indulging a little too freely in the follies and amusements of London, carried her over to a venerable old castle he had in Ireland : the lady’s acquaintance in London were much offended at this dep, and their expressions of d i fa p probat ion reached the gentleman ' s ear : upon this he said the world dealt whimsically by him; < c for, said he, if I had ran away with another man’s wife, I should have been applauded, as a fa ( hionable man; but because I ran away with my own wife, 1 am censured by the world. So with the Jew—he was ill treated because he had endeavoured to carry a\ iy some of his own money.

With respect to the confiscation in general, the Commanders were without the ( badow of excuse j for they had very able assistance at hand, if they had thought proper to

re fort

88 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *

resort to it; they might have taken the opinion of his Majesty’s s Attorney and Solicitor General of St. Kitt’s on the point of

Jaw, but no such opinion was ever called for, though Mr. Bridgewater, the Solicitor - General, had been twice with Sir George Rodney : this was a fact which should be proved at the bar, if the House would go into the inquiry.

The Commanders in Chief having determined upon the confiscation, the next thing to be thought of was the sale of the goods. A proclamation was accordingly i ( Tiled, promising free ingress and regress to all purchasers, together with security that their money should not be taken from them; and that they should be at liberty to carry away the goods they should purchase : this promise of protection eundiy rcdcundo, and cornmcdandoy might not have been thought ne -

cefiary from any but the conquerors of St. Euflatius. Seventeen flags of truce were ordered from various parts to that island; and the goods being set up at auction, ad crudelem bajlamy they were mixed so as t6 make proper afTortments; and, in ' particular, a kind of sail - cloth called Maven’s Stuffy which is generally used for feudding and flay fails, and of which kind half the fails of every American vessel was made, was sold to whoever should purchase, without taking any other notice of the purchaser, than to fee if he had money enough. Another difficulty, however, was dill to be obviated; the privateers were like vultures, hovering round the island, waiting for the return of the purchasers, to pick up their purchase. If this difficulty had not been obviated, there would have been no purchasers : a convoy was therefore promised to them, and actually granted; and he could prove that the convoy was the Convert frigate, Capt. Hervey, which was appointed to see the purchasers with their commodities clear of the privateers, by which means the goods got safe into Martinique, a place which our privateers would never have suffered them to reach, if St. Euflatius had remained under the Dutch. - - - Another circumstance was,

that the goods so fold had been disposed of 50 per cent.. cheaper than the Dutch had before that fold similar articles to the French; so that, in fad, the only apparent use that ^, the conquest of St. Euflatius appeared to be of, was, that the

French and Americans had been supplied with ( lores, by conquerors, and at 50 per cent, cheaper than they used to get them from the Dutch. The provocation of the English, to conf. fcate every thing, was merely imaginary; for the Dutch fold equally to all nations : and though it was said

A. i; 8 (. DEBATES.

in the last session of Parliament, that Sir George Rodney had applied foy cordage to the Dutch, but had not been able td obtain any, thereason was, that at the time they had scarcely any on hand This was a fact \ and he would prove it by the books seized there, and by living witiiefi ’ es, who would also establish thefetwo facts, that at St. Euftatius the English always had the preference at the market; and that at the time Admiral Rodney could not obtain cordage at Sc Euftatius it was fodcarce, that what little there was sold at ten per cent, dearer than at St. Kitt ’ s.

In the glorious business of the Tales were the two Commanders taken up from the beginning of the month of February to the beginning of May; a period in which the Admiral had 21 fail of the line under his command, and three thousand veteran troops at St. Euftatius, while the enemy had not fix fail at Martinique. That surely was the time for of - fenfive operations, when the enemy had not force to oppose us; that surely was our time either to recover some of our former possessions, or to take others from the enemy : but that time was loft; and the first misfortune that sprang front it was that Sir Samuel Hood was left with an inferior fleet to fight the superior force of De Grasse just arrived from ' Europe. The polltion of that Admiral was not such as to prevent four of the enemy’s ships in Fort Royal coming out and joining De Grasse : thus the enemy were strengthened while our force was weakened by the detention of three ships of the line at St. Euftatius. If our fleet had been reinforced by these three, the four which came out from fort Royal might have been blockaded; and in that case it is probable Comte De Grasse would have been defeated; but this was loft by St. Euftatius. A check to De Grasse would have discon certed all the plans of the French cabinet : Tobago would hot have fallen, and de Grall ' e would not have been left at li berty to bring upon us the dreadful disaster in the Chefa - peak; another of the blessed consequcrices of the conquest of St. Euftatius, which, it had been laid in an official dispatch would have put an end to the American war : it might so indeed; but in the oracular way, by ruining us, and thereby disabling us from carrying it on. God fend that the loft of Jamaica may not be the next effedfc of this fatal conquest ! Tobago was taken under the very eye of Sir George Rodney as De Grasse expressed himself; and the fame Admiral said in his dispatches, he had several times offered the British Admiral battle, which the latter had thought proper to de Voi. V. N dine *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

dine. This might be called a ground of crimination : the I first notice Admiral Bvng had of a charge against him, was a copy of Mons. dc Galifonniere’s account of the action; but as this was, in his opinion, a hardship on Admiral; Byng, he would not charge Sir George Rodney from Comte J do Grafte’s dispatches; but the capture of Tobago gave ne - 1 verthcless an appearance of truth to the act ' ertion cf De Grasse. The capture of that island was of the greatest con - Sequence to this nation : its cotton Was the finest we got from the West Indies; and by the loss of Tobago that article had risen from is. or is. &d. to 3s. and 3s. qd. It was a fa& that 20, 000 people in Lancashire got their bread by the manufacture of cotton. He trembled to think of the consequences that might attend the loss of Tobago, which he must aferibe to the three months delay at St. Euftatius : the Admiral flood charged with that loss, and under the hand of the very Governor of the island.

This was the sum of the charge : he wished that he might have an opportunity to enter into the proofs of it by evidence at the bar : he hoped a proper defence would be made to it, and the two Commanders in question would not fit down contented with their own self - approbation, or the support of their friends in that House. Self - acquittal was not enough : a man might say 5 at mibi

plan Jo, tt demi numrnos conte area : but something was due to the public and to justice. For his part, he declared he never would abandon those whose cause he had undertaken ' till the matter was fifted to the bottom. The character of an accuier, it was true, was odious; but it was ( o only when the accusation was brought against the innocent, the weak, the oppressed, or perhaps indigent culprit : but it was not odious to accuse guilt in stars and ribbons guilt rewaided and countenanced by the official and the opulent.

Sir C. Rod - Sir George kodney began with saying, that when he ap -

uey. peared before St. Euftatius, it was for the purpose of cutting off supplies from the enemy, and with the fixed resolution rot to grant any terms to the inhabitants. The Dutch, though nominally the friends of this country, had, during the eourse of his command in the West Indies, been the friends of our enemies; and to punish and check both, nothing had appeared more effectual than the redudfion of an island, the inhabitants of which were animated with a rooted averfiqn to us, and the most cordial regard for our

•enemies;

‘ G.

DEBATES.

A. 1781.

enemies : among those inhabitants there were many, who, while they called themselves Englishmen, were not ashamed to disgrace themselves and their country, by assisting her enemies with the means to wound her : such people de - served no favour, and to them he had resolved to {hew none. But when he seized all the property on the island, it was not for his own use; at the time he thought it would all belong to the King, and that it was his duty to fee themost made of it, to carry into the public tre. ifury : he wished not for a shilling of it; he had no other idea at the time, but that the whole belonged of right to his country, and therefore in all he had done for the preservation of that property, it was for his country, and not for himself, that he had been acting. The ' Honourable Gentleman charged him with having futfered the ( lores, provisions, &c, to be carried into the enemy’s islands, directly, or circuitously through the neutral islands; but this was the very reverse of truth, for he had given orders, that none of the ( lores or provisions should be fold, ' but sent to his Majesty’s yard at Antigua : and so ftriet had he been in this respect, that he was not satished with examining the clearance of every ship that went out; he caused her to anchor under his ( lern, and had her examined by commissioned officers; and if she had more provisions on board than were necessary for the voyage, they were always taken out. As to the charge of his remainuig inactive for three months at St. Euftatius, his answer was, that he had in that time planned two expeditions, which he was jtift on the point of carrying into execution, the one agiinft Curacoa, the other against Surinam, when he received advice from the commander of a convoy, by a quickfailing vessel, that he had seen or twelve French fail of - the line, with about seventy transports, ( leering for Martinique, and that he had kept them in fight for two days. This intelligence made him renounce his designs against the Dutch settlements; and he dispatched Sir Samuel Hood with fifteen fail of the line, to cruize in the tract of Martinique. Sir Samuel Hood was as good an officer as himself, and therefore - there was no crime in dispatching him on that service j and he thought fifteen {hips able to fight ten or •tweive. Unfortunately the intelligence had not been true with respect to the real numbers, of the enemy; and Sir Samuel had been driven so far to leeward, that he could not prevent the ships in Fort Royal from getting out to join De Ciraflc : this, howevcra was not a fault was unavoid -

N Z

able *

9 PARLIAMENTARY A. i 78 f,

gble. His instructions however had been good; he had ordered the island to be blocked up, and that frigates should be Rationed 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50 leagues from the shore, in the track of the enemy.

As to the ships be had detained at St. Euftatius, the Sandwich and the Triumph were at the time in so bad a condition, that he intended to feud them home with the first convoy.

As soon as he had heard of the affair between Sir Samuel Hood and the Comte de Graflc, he joined the fleet, with a determined resolution to renew the action, if the enemy would give him a fair opportunity to do it. When the French landed at St. Lucia, he undoubtedly would have had the desirecj opportunity to come to action, if intelligence bad not been conveyed to the enemy that he was approaching. —A letter had been sent to Monfleur de Grasse with that advice, and a duplicate of it was soon dispatch after : the first reached its add refs; the second was intercepted. The contents were, that the English were doubling Guadaloupe, and in 24 hours would be upon the French Admiral with their whole force : this put an end to what Comte de Grasse called his against St Lucia; for before day - break he embarked the troops and failed pway.

With regard to Tobago, as soon as he heard it had been attacked, he immediately sent Rear - Admiral Drake with fi fail of the line to relieve it : this he thought a sufficient force, as he understood that the defeent had been covered only by two or three ships of the line, and the fix he sent against them were the heft sailors, and in the best condi - - tion of any in his fleet, and were all copper - bottomed. When he fount ! the whole the enemy’s fleet was at sea, be was obliged to watch their motions; they endeavoured to allure him to leeward, but if he had been tempted to do it, Barbadoes would have fallen : he therefore was obliged to keep to windward, still determined to succour the island. —r - He dispacched to Tobago three officers in three different vessels : two of them fell into the hands of the enemy; the third got to the house of a planter, and there, to his great surprize, he learned that the island had surrendered two days before, and was further told by him that io, coo men gould not retake it : at this time, the two fleets were in fight of the island, As to the charge brought by the Governor of obago, all he yrould ad < } to what he had already laid was

G.

DEBATES.

93

A. 1781.

—that the guns he had Tent the year before for the defence, of the island had never been mounted. As to the disaster in America, he would tell the House what steps he had taken to prevent it. He had sent to the Commander in Chief at Jamaica, to fend the Prince William and Torbay to America with the greatest diipatch; and he had lent also to the Commander in Chief in America, desiring he would col ! e& his whole force, and meet him with it off the Capes of Virginia; and if he could not meet him, that he. would let ham know it by one of his frigates : but no answer had been sent to him or to Sir Samuel Hood, for he himself was then so ill that he was coming home. He had sent twice to the, Admiral at Jamaica, and three times to the Admiral at New - York : One of his three dispatches mifearried, the vessel that carried it being forced on shore by some privateers; and from that circumstance; he had learned always in future to keep copies of every dispatch, for of that he had none. If the Admiral in America had met Sir Samuel Hood near the Chcfapeak, the probability was that De GraiTe would have been defeated, and the surrender of Lord Cornwallis prevented.

General Vaughan said that it was commonly believed that G. nfr. j he had made a great fortune by the St. Euftatius business; V, iughan % but he would say upon his honour, and was ready to confirm it upon oath, that neither directly nor indirectly, by fair means or by foul means, had he made a single shilling by the business. The Honourable Gentleman was millaken as to the number of the troops he had with him at St. Euftatius : they were short one third of what he now dated them to be; nay, they scarcely amounted to 2000, Consisting only of three regiments, that had left many sick behind them at St. Lucia, and four flunk Companies. One of the reasons for locking up the warehouses, was to prevent plundering, from which he could scarcely restrain even the troops : fire too was dreaded in a place where many disaffected people lived, and who thought themselves injured hv a confiscation of theif property for treason. If any baa treatment had been shewn to individuals, it was without his knowledge, orders, or approbation; and when grievances were complained of, he redressed them : to Mrs. Gouverneur he had given the house and furniture when ( he applied to him. it would be hard, therefore, to make him responiibld for the conduct of all the persons in the tQwrnt If he had refused to j > upi ( h qffcadefs ? qr to redress

C

$4

f ARLI AM E NTARY

A. 1781.

Lor ! Ma *

bjn.

Lord U cr

Lord

‘Z -

Mr. H Dun

duS.

Mr. Jenkln Jon.

Mr. B.

bold North

grievances, he might have been just ! y charged as an accomplice; but he had never refuted justice to whoever had applied for it.

As to the Jews, he had ordered them a ship to carry them to St. Thomas, at their own request; and after they had been taken to St. Kitt’s without his knowledge, he had ordered their houfrs and property to be restored to them : and that they wrre well satisfied with his condudd, would appeir from an address presented to him from their synagogue, expressive of their happiness, at being under the mild government of George 111. He wifned to lay the paper on the table, but that could not be done in point of order; and he was desired to read it as part of his speech, but he said he could not fee to read it : Sir George Rodney, however, read it for him.

Upon the whole, he had added to the heft of his judgment, and for his country’s good, not his own; a ? nd as he was neither a lawyer nor a merchant, if the hufmefs was to be done over again, he did not think he should do otherwise; and therefore, if he had erred, his country would excuse the fault for the intention.

Lord Mahon thought the motion somewhat complex, and wished it divided into two motions.

Lord George Germain rose, he laid, to declare that the fuhjedd of the motion being now under agitation in the Courts below, he mult vote against it.

Lord Fielding said, if the motion was agreed to, it would detain the Admiral and General in England, when their services ’ were wanted abroad, and therefore he should vote again It it.

Mr. H. Dun da 1 ( Lord Advocate ) said, he should make no objection to a motion for an enquiry into the conduct of the two Commanders; but the motion before the House profelling much more, he heartily d{approved of it.

Mr. Jenkinson said, if the Honourable Gentleman ( Mr. Burke ) would Itrike out of his motion the part which related to the matter of private property he should make no objection to the rest as far as it related to the point of national policy.

Mr. Burke divided his motion into two motions. In one he included the conhfcation of goods; and in the other the sale of them, and the mode of conveying them away.

Lord JSlcrth said he should vote aoainlt the tirft, because, it bore relation to the claims now in a citation but as 10

tbs

le

DEBATES.

95

A. ij8r.

the second, he should not obje£l to it. The American war had, as usual, been introduced, and described as a war differing from all other wars. He did not fee that difference.

He did not fee how or in what manner it differed from any of our ' former wars. He saw a great difference in that House. He saw the cause of the enemies espoused, and said he thought that no man with British feelings would join in the condemnation of the Honourable Admiral and General.

With respect to the Admiral, he must do him the particular joffice to say, that he had received a letter from him, wherein the Admiral had said he did not consider the property taken at St. Euffatius as belonging to himself, but to the Crown, and that he only had the care of it.

Mr. Fox attacked Lord North, with some warmth, for Mr fVr.

saying he would not agree to the first question respecting theconfffcation, and accused him of making the most Jhuffiing fivffle that ever yeas attempted in the most Jhuffiing times.

With regard to the other assertion made by the Noble Lord, tbit this war did not differ from other wars, he wondered the Noble Lord should be so forgetful. Was not the management of the present war, was not the expence of the present war, and were not the events of the present war, different from all others

Lord North replied, that, in speaking of the war, he did

not mean the event, but the principle.

Mr. Sheridan said, he was very unwilling to trouble the Mr. SAm - House at so late an hour; but he thought it necessary to a ( k an ' one plain question, and that was. Did the Honourable Admiral ( Sir George Rodney ) and the Honourable General ( General Vaughan ) consent to the proposed enquiry or not

For if they had no objection to it, and they neither of them had hinted any thing that might lead the House to believe they had, there cerrainly would be no opposition to it; The Noble Lord in the blue ribbon could not possibly be ' so good a guardian of their honour, as those Commanders themselves. He therefore desired to know if the Honourable Admiral and General had any dislike to the enquiry, and if neither of them gave any answer, he should take it for granted that they had not.

Mr. Burke rose again upon the alteration desired by Lord Mr. Burle Mahon, and replied to the conclullonof Lord North ’ sSpeech.

With indignation he declared he wondered how the noble Lord dared to talk of British feelings. He ! ( said Mr. Burke )

Be ! dare talk of British feelings ] He ! th. it has ruined the

British

96

t

I. ord

Aorth.

Mr.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178/.

British Empire, and wasted its Blood and Treasure ! He said, he had British feelings, but he would nevertheless take the part of an enemy when they appeared to him to be oppressed. if, for instance, an enemy should be murdered after furren dering himself, he would stand forward as the prosecutorof his murderer : if, for instance, an Enemy should have his property seized after capitulating, he should find an advocate in him : and if, for instance, an Enemy complained of the Minister’s having broke the faith of government with regard to him, he should find an advocate in him, and, he trusted, in the British House of Commons. With respect to the letter which the Noble Lord hac} received from the Hon, Admiral, acquainting him that the capture of St. Eustatia was a very rich one, and that it all, every farthing of it, was the property of the Crown; he could not but admire, that such a Minister as. we had, who was an old Minister, and a full - grown Minrjier, should come to the House, and tell them, that he had received a letter from the Admiral, informing him that every thing at St. Eustatia was the property of the Crown, in answer to the proposed inquiry. From such conduct the Minister might naturally be concluded a very young man, with a large napkin under his chin. The Letter he thought more proper to have been sent to the Attorney - General; but he supposed the Noble Lord, who acted on the occasion as a lawyer, and sent word to the Admiral, that the property was all his, as the Attorney - General would have done, had taken a fee for his advice.

With regard to the question, the Noble Lord might do as he pleased with it. He might cut it, and mangle it, just as he. pleased; but though he should cut it into a thousand pieces, if he got but any part of it, it would be sufficient for him. But the Noble Lord had divided his motion in a manner that put him in mind of a murderer who having amputated all the limbs of a child, threw them different ways, in order that the father might be employed in picking them up, instead of pursuing the murderer.

Lord Ncrtb laid, that, in speaking of the letter he received from the Hon. Admiral, he meant no more than to substantiate or confirm the fa < ft, that the Admiral had sent him such a letter.

Mr. Burke role again, and called for the inquiry. He had a body of evidence to adduce at the bar, and would go into the matter that night, or whenever the House should please. lie deli red the House would suffer the inquiry to be gone into,

and

L

97

A. 17&1. DEBATES,

and he would pledge himself that he would support every •thing he had said.

jMr. Byng called the attention of the House to a very important object. He did not rife so much to speak to the r motion as to ( late the infringement made, year after year, upon the privilege of Parliament, and the privilege of the Con - liitution. Last year, he said, the House made no objection to the appointment of a Committee to inquire the canj ' e c/ the Mahratta war, although Sir Thomas was at that

very time under a prosecution of the Court of King’s Bench.

But, now, this mode is said to be improper, and the inquiry is objected to, because one Qfjtwo luits are depending in the Court of King’s Bench, for. the recovery of property taken at St. Euffatius.

Colonel Barn said, that at so late an hour he would not Co trouble the House by going at large into the question. All he wanted was to remove every objection it was liable to, and to make it meet the approbation of all parties. He would therefore, with the leave of the Honourable Gentleman who originally made the motion, reitore the two motions to one with fottic alteration. He moved, that this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the confiscation of the goods and merchandize as found in the Island of St. Eudatius, excepting such sroous and merchandize as are now claimed in any Court of Law or Equity. -

Upon this motion the House ( at twelve o ’ clock ) divided,

The House went into a Committee of supply, and Mr.

Ord took his feat at the table.

Lord Lisburne rose and moved, that 100, 000 men be Lor ! Vf. grantcJ for the sea service, including 21, 721 marines, for the year 1782. It was a matter of supply so obviously necessary and important, that he would not take up their time in Lump any tiling to enforce his motion.

Mr. Httjfey said it Was common on such a day as that, and ^, it was expected that the Admiralty should give the House A r Lme information respecting the Hate, condition, and pr d - peos of the Navy, buch a proposition as the present w; ts not to be made in a loolc, negligent manner j all the hopes or tpfs country depended on the Navy, and the House - mult know something of its management, and of its itate. It

for it By, against it 163.

December 5.

Yoi.. V.

O

Lord Lj

burnt.

Ir. tofir

PARLIAMENTARY A. iZ8r

was common for the Admiralty to give an account to Parliament of the ships that were now in commission, and what were intended to be added, ' an < i what alterations there were in the Navy in general.

T Lord Liiburne then dated, that the number of seamen and marines voted by Parliament last year was 90, 000 : that the number really employed in the course of the year was 118, 000 : that we had, in the course of the last year, 98 ships in commission; but that number was now diminished, for within fometning more than a year 17 ships of the line ) iad been disabled, and fix more totally loft in the late hurricanes, and by the accidents of war and sea : that, upon account of these losses, the number of ships now in commission was 92 only; so that there were fix ships fewer this year than the lan. But there were now upon the ( locks building, and would be launched in the course of the year, and in the yards repairing, at lead 14 ships. The whole of the ships now - in commission, great and small, amounted to 405 in number. To the marines five new companies had been added, making the whole 151 companies. He could only add to this, that the greatest exertions had been made, and that the Admiralty had done every thing in their power, to in - ereafe and extend the Navy of Great - Britain in the present alarming and critical situation. The motion of the day would prove their anxiety for the naval service. In no former year of the British hillory had so many as 100, 000 seamen been voted by Parliament. This was a greater number than was now actually in the feryice; but they were anxious to procure men, and to bend all tIpeir endeavours to this particular point. He trusted the Committee would agree to the proposed motion.

Mr. HuJJey rose again, and said, that it had been his in - tention for a considerable time to move on this day, that 1 io, coo seamen should be granted for the naval service of the current year; and he had made this resolution on the mo ft deliberate opinion, and also on the belief that his Majesty’s Ministers meant to move for no more than 90, 000 seamen. But when he found that they designed to move for ioc, oco, he owned that, for a short time, he was brought in his own mind to consent to give over the resolution of moving for the addition; but, in convening with his friends, nd Hating tQ them the reasons on which he wifted to jftrengthen the hands of Government with this augmentation, hey yyeie unaipmously of opinion, that he ought to perfe -

'. .. .. .. .. .. ' ' " - m

A 1781 DEBATES 99

vere in his intention 5 For it was an aid absolutely neceflirf to the welfare and the success of our operation *. By this advice he was induced to remain in his ‘resolution; and he would now propose, as an amendment to the motion, that 110, 000 seamen and marines should be Voted for the fervicd of the Current year, it was his firicere belief that Ministry had not made all the exertions which they had it in their power to make; and the Admiralty were criminal in not having made the exertions which were in their power. In the course of the present summer, he had made it his bull uefs to look into the opportunities, and into the efforts of the naval department. In Hampshire he had seen several private yards, where it was in the power of his Majesty ' s Ministers to procure ships of the line. At Chapel, a little place near Southampton, where a ship of 64, and two of 44 were building, the master of the dock - yard said he was capable of building a 70 or a 74, and had done so about 25 years ago. In the royal yard at Portsmouth, he was acto nished to see the negligence and inactivity that prevailed t all was quiet, listless, and unemployed, where he expected bnftlej hurry, and fulness of business : there was no appearance of our being at war with all the great maritime powers of Europe. - There were fix flips; four of them were occupied by the Raisonable, the Trident, the Vengeance and the Swallow : out of the fifth the Warrior was launched a few days ago; and in the 6th lay the rotten timbers of the St. George. He had no intelligence there but what any other man might have had as ealily as he; he had given his name, and viewed the dock - yards, and he believed that there might be more shipping built there. At Bristol, he said, the matter of a dock - yard said he could build a line - ) f - battle ship - There were many other private yards in the ( ingdom, where the Admiralty might build ships, and where hey ought to have done so. With respectc to manning the > iavy, much greater exertions might have been made for hat purpose. it was always his idea, that much benefit night be derived from having a number of landmen employed in board his MajestyV ships. He had not the benefit of a eamarTs education, nor did he know what was the necefldry imefor qualifying a man as an able Teaman j but he Was in - dined to think, that in the course of only one twelvemonth roung landmen, if employed afloat, might be rendered or - linary seamen, and, in the course of a twelvemonth, an or - linary Teaman might be njade an able Teaman *. The benefit O a « f

IO©

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

of having constantly a number of landmen on board would, therefore, be great; audit was his sincere with that fucha plan was adopted as an experiment at least. He adverted to an argument made use of in a former year by a Vite - Admiral ( Sir Hugh Pa ) lifer >, that, if it had not been for a combination formed in the dock - yards some time ago, our Navy would J have been {Longer by the addition of at least one half more J ships. This evidently implied, that, if they had the ships, they could procure the men; for without men the ships could not {Lengthen the Navy. He wished to know why the marines were not fuftered to go aloft, as they were ia toe latt war; and why regiments of foot were not occasioti - ally or conftamly sent on board. It would be a wife method of recruiting the service. The Admiralty were criminal, were inexcusable, for not making greater exertions, - and building {hips, as they might have done in the private ' yards. The motion which he was going to make would; oblif the Minister to apply 520, 000 !. more to the Navy - lei v. ca than he was obliged to do by the proposed vote. In; the one way the sum to be raised waa 5, 200, cool, in the JJ other the sum was 5, 720, 000 !. Perhaps the Nobfo Lordintbe - : blue ribbon would make it now, as before, aquestion of finance. - Great exertions mutt be made at sea, or the country would be loft; and every Gentleman mult feel that great exertion < ‘ could not be made without great and adequate means. Hej " meant therefore, by his amendment, to impound the; rd 520, 000 !. which the Noble Lord well knew was the real :. i value of his amendment, and fix it for the use of the I Navy. It would at least serve to pay off so much of the s Navy debt, if it would not answer for better purposes, snd ] > be employed in a manner more useful; and he would do it1 1 the rarher now, because he knew, when other Cervices came m to be provided for, he should be refitted. Perhaps the Nobit I > ord would - say, "Why pinch the other Cervices ? The army, mult be provided for : ford, you would not Hint and llarve : that service !, He would answer the Noble Lord fairly, it j was what he wished to do, and he was sure he was serving j his country by it. The great ejror of the war had been Ad -; minittradon had been too son of the Army, and paid too; little regard to the Navy. The American war had been the; cauie of this error, and that - House had but too cheerfully - and blindly co - operated with the views, and wishes, amf projects of Administradon, mad; and weak, and ill - jud T a those views, and wilshes > and projects had been, d

America

A. 1781. DEBATE S. '

America was to be coerced, the only probable mode of coercing her would have been by a powerful Navy. Had we preserved the empire of the Teas, France would not have ventured to have interfered, and we need not to have cared for all the world; we shoulchliave been at peace at this time, in ( lead of he deplorable iituation in which we now flood. He had always imagined that a great and gallant Admiral, lately no more, but whose memory would ever be revered by his eountry, had left a large fleet to his successors, when he quitted the presidency of the Admiralty - Board; but he had heard gentlemen assert since, that he left no fleet at all, for h is ships were all rotten. If they were, what had his successors been about, that they had not got more in their {lead in so many years time ? The Noble Lord had fa id, we had now 92 Chips in Commission, and last year we had 98; he cxpe&ed to hear this unsatisfactory mystery cleared up. The Honourable Gentleman concluded with moving, as an amendment, that the motion flan d 110, 000, instead of 100, 000 *

Sir Gftrgt Yonge seconded the amendment, and assigned hi reasons for so doing : ho accused the Admiralty of havin made very little use of the vafl fapplies that, had been er truffed to their hands 5 and heexprclFed his opinion, that, the money voted for the Navy, during the last ten years, b been properly managed and expended, we might now hi nearly as many new built Chips as we have new and together.

Lord Mulgraw differed with Mr. Hufley in respect to manner of training seamen. Seamen, hfc said, were nc be made in one, or two, dr three years; nay, many tl sands of ordinary seamen could never be tnade able sea They, and the landmen, might be very useful inde board; but no officer would trust to them as they wo able seamen. Not a few. months cruise, nor any thir ir, would even make them ordinary seamen : it r < d propensity, as well as understanding; and, unled went early in life into the service, they seldom reac proficiency Rude and barbarous as the seamen we ’ d rally suppofpd to be, it was not every man who any length of time become an able teaman. To be ed, required much greater abilities than the Hce Gentleman seemed to be aware of It was not an te - to make a landman a seaman; but landmen wer > neficial and there wew. always a, proportion on befl

Ot

' li -

ce

k~ -

96

I, ord Aorih.

Mr. Burke.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178/.

British Empire, and wasted its Blood and Treasure ! He said, he had British feelings, but he would nevertheless take the part of an enemy when they appeared to him to be oppressed. Jf, for instance, an enemy should be murdered after furred dering himself, he would stand forward as the prosecutor of his murderer : if, for instance, an Enemy should have his property seized after capitulating, he should find an advocate in him : and if, for instance, an Enemy complained of the Minister’s having broke the faith of government with regard to him, he should find an advocate in him, and, he trusted, in the British House of Commons. With respect to the letter which the Noble Lord ha < } received from the Hon. Admiral, acquainting him that the capture of St. Eustatia was a very rich one, and that it all, every farthing of it, was the property of the Crown; he could not but admire, that such a Minister as. we had, who was an and a

full - grown Mtnjler, should come to the House, and tell them, that he had received a letter from the Admiral, informing him that every thing at St. Eustatia was the property of the Crown, in answer to the proposed inquiry. From such conduct the Minister might naturally be concluded a very young man, with a large napkin under his chin. The Letter he thought more proper to have been sent to the Attorney - General; but he supposed the Noble Lord, who acted on the occasion as a lawyer, and sent word to the Admiral, that the property was all his, as the Attorney - General would have done, had taken a fee for his advice.

With regard to the question, the Noble Lord might do as he pleased with it. He might cut it, and mangle it, just as he. pleased; but though he should cut it into a thousand pieces, if he got but any part of it, it would be sufficient for him. But the Noble Lord had divided his motion in a manner that put him in mind of a murderer, who having amputated all the limbs of a child, threw them different ways, in order that the father might be employed in picking them up, instead of pursuing the murderer.

Lord North said, that, in speaking of the letter he received from the Hon. Admiral, he meant no more than to substantiate or confirm the fa < ft, that the Admiral had sent him such a letter.

Mr. Burke rose again, and called for the inquiry. He had a body of evidence to adduce at the bar, and would go into the matter that night, or whenever the House should please. He desired the House would fufter the inquiry to be gone into,

and

L

DEBATES.

97

A. 1781.

and be would pledge himself that he would support every thing he had said.

Mr. Byng called the attention of the House to a very important object. He did not rife so pinch to spealc to the ‘ r motion v as to ft ate the infringement made, year alter year, upon the privilege of Parliament, and the privilege of the Con - liitution. Last year, he said, the House made no objection to the appointment of a Committee to inquire the of the Adahratta war, although Sir Thomas Rum hold was at that

very time under a prosecution of the Court of King ' s Bench.

But, now, this mode is said to be improper, and the inquiry is objected to, because one or; two Ants are depending in the Court of King’s Bench, for. the recovery of property taken at St. fcurtatius.

Colonel Barre said, that at so late an hour he would not Col. Bam trouble the House by going at large into the question.. All he wanted was to remove every objection it was liable to, and to make it meet the approbation of all parties. He would therefore, with the leave of the Honourable Gentleman who originally made the motion, restore the two motions to one with fomc alteration. He moved, that this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the confiscation of the goods and merchandize as found in the lOand of St. Euflatius, excepting such goons and merchandize as are now claimed in any Court of Law or Equity.

Upon this motion the House ( at twelve o ’ clock ) divided f for it 8y ', against it 163,

December 5.

The House went into a Committee of supply, and Mr.

Old took his feat at the table.

Lord Lilburne rose and moved, that 100, 000 men be Lor. } ilj. granted for the sea ferviCe, including 21, 721 marines, for the burnt. yiar 1782. It was a matter of supply lo obvioufiy necessary a wiiimportant, that he would not take up their time in saying any tiring to enforce his motion.

Mr. Hujfeysaid it Was common on such a day as that, and.

it was expected that the Admiralty should give the Hous ? some information respecting the Hate, condition, and prd - pt : is of the Navy. Such a proposition as the present w vs r. ot to be made in a looie, negligent manner; all lire hop s oi tpfh country depended on the Navy, and the House mutt. know I ' oiTiething of its management, and of ns date. It Vo 1. V. O \iJL

9 *

Lord L ’ Jj

burnt.

Mr. Uujfat

P A R LI AM ENTAR Y A. i£8i -

was common for the Admiralty to give an account to Parliament of the ships that were now in commission, and what Were intended to be added, ' and what alterations there were in the Navy in general.

Lord Litburne then dated, that the number of seamen and marines voted by Parliament last year was 90, 000 : that the number really employed in the course of the year was 118, 000 : that we bad, in the course of the last year, 98 ships in commission; but that number was now diminished, for within fometning more than a year 17 ships of the line had been disabled, and fix more totally loft in the late hurricanes, and by the accidents of war and sea : that, upon account of these lodes, the number of ships now in commission was 92 only; so that there were fix ships fewer this year than the last. But there were now upon the ( locks building, £nd would be launched in the course of the year, and in the yards repairing, at lead 14 ships. The whole of the ships now - in commission, great and small, amounted to 405 in pumber. To the marines live new companies had been added, making the whole 151 companies. He could only add to this, that the greatest exertions had been made, and th the Admiralty had done every thing in their power, to in - crease and extend the Navy of Great - Britain in the present alarming and critical situation. The motion of the present day would prove their anxiety for the naval service. In no former year of the British hillory had so many as 100, 000 seamen been voted by Parliament. This was a greater number than was now actually in the feryice; but they were anxious to procure men, and to bend all tlpeir endeavours to this particular point. He trusted the Committee would agree to the proposed motion.

Mr. Hujfeyrofe again, and said, that it had been his in -

tention for a considerable time to move on this day, that 110, coo seamen should be granted for the naval service of the current year; and he had made this resolution on the mod deliberate opinion, and also on belief that his Majesty ' s Ministers meant to move for no more than 90, 000 seamen. But when he found that they designed to move for ioc, oco, he owned that, for a short time, he was brought jn his own mind to content to give over the resolution of moving for the addition; but, in conversing with his friends, find ( fating tQ them the reasons on which he wifted to ( Lengthen the hands of Government with this augmentation Weie unapimously of opinion, that he ought to perfe -

99

ktjir DEBATES

vere in his intention; far it was an aid absolutely nectffTkrV to the welfare and the success of our operations. By this advice he was induced to remain in his ' refutation; and he would now propose, as an amendment to the motion, that

110, 000 seamen and marines should be Voted for the fervicd of the Current year, it was his firicere belief that Ministry bad not made all the exertions which they had it in their power to make j and the Admiralty were criminal in not having made the exertions which were in their power. In theeourse of the present summer, he had made it his bull - ntfs to look into the opportunities, and into the efforts of the naval department. In Hampshire be had seen several private yards, where it was in the power of his Majesty’s Ministers to procure ships of the line. At Chapel, a little place near Southampton, where a ship of 64 and two of 4 were building ) the mailer of the dock - yard said he was capable of building a 70 or a 74, and had done so about 25 years ago. In the royal yard at Portsmouth, he was also jrished to see the negligence and inactivity that prevailed r all was quiet ) listless and unemployed, where he expected buftkj hurry, and fulness of business : there was no appearance of our being at war with all the great maritime powers of Europe. - There were fix Hips; four of them were occupied by the Raisonable the Trident, the Vengeance and the Swallow : out of the fifth the Warrior was launched afewday9 ago; and in the 6th lay the rotten timbers of thei St. George. He had no intelligence there but what any other man might have had as ealily as he j he had given his name, and viewed the dock - yards, and he believed that there might be more shipping built there. At Bristol, he hid, the matter of a dock yard said he could build a line - of - battle ship. There were many other private yards in the kingdom, where the Admiralty might build ships, and where they ought to have done so. With respect to manning the Navy, much greater exertions might have been made for that purpose. It was always his idea, that much benefit ' night be derived from having a number of landmen employed jn board his Ma efly’s ships. He had not the benefit of a Teaman’s education, nor did he know what was the necessary time for qualifying a man as an able seaman j but he Was in - : linedto think, that, in the course of only one twelvemonth young landmen, if employed afloat, might be rendered or - linary teamen and, in the course of a twelvemonth, an or - linary seaman might be n ) ade an able seaman *. The benefit O a of

C

PARLIAMENTARY

io©

A. 1781.

of having constantly a number of landmen on board would, 1 therefore, be great; audit was his Gneere wish that fucha plan was adopted as an experiment at least. He adverted to [ an argument made use of, in a former year by a Vice - Admiral ( Sir Hugh Pal lifer ), that, if it had not been for a combination formed in the dock - yards some time ago, our Navy would have been ( Longer by the addition of at least one half more 1 ships. This evidently implied, that, if they had the ships, they could procure the men; for without men the ships could not ( Lengthen the Navy. He wished to know why the marines were not suffered to go aloft, as they were in 1 toe last war; and wfhy regiments of foot were not occalioti - ally or constantly sent on board. It would be a wife method of recruiting the service. The Admiralty were criminal, were inexcusable, for not making greater exertion ?, : 1 and building ships, as they might have done in the private / ' yards. The motion which he was going to make would ob ! i : the Minister to apply 520, 0001. more to the Nary : i fei Vico than he was obliged to do by the proposed vote, las the one way the sum to be raised was. 5, 200, 000 ). in the3 - other the sum was 5, 720, 000 !. Perhaps the Noble Lord in the blue ribbon would make it now, as before, aquestion of finance .; Great exertions niuft be made at sea, or the country would be loft; and every Gentleman must feel that great exertioasi could not be made without great and adequate means. He : i meant therefore, by his amendment, to impound the : 520, 0001. which the Noble Lord well knew was the real j value of his amendment, and fix it for the use of th# Navy. It would at least serve to pay off so much of tht 1 Navy debt, if it would not answer for better purposes, and; be employed in a manner more useful; and he would do it i the rather now, because he knew, when other services can to be provided for, he should be refilled. Perhaps the Nubift Lord woald ' say, "Why pinch the other services f The arny must be provided for : surely, you would not flint and llarve Uiat service ! He would answer the Noble Lord fairly, id was what he wished to do, and he was fore he was serving; his country by it. The gieat ejror of the war had been Ad - : ministration had been too fohfl of the Army, and p. iid tea little regard to the Navy. ' The American war had been the cause of this error, and thac - House bud but too cheeituh. and blindly co - operated with the views, and wilshes, ar. i projects of Ad min istration, shady and weak, and ill - jud as thuie views, and wiihes > and projects had been.

Ameriu

A. ' 1781. DEBATES,

1

America was to be coerced, the only probable mode of coercing her would have been by a powerful Navy. Had we preserved the empire of the seas, France would not have ventured to have interfered, and we need not to have cared for all the world $ we shoul < M ) ave been at peace at this time, indead of - the deplorable situation in which we now flood. He had always imagined that a great and gallant Admiral, lately no more, but whose memory would ever be revered by his eountry, had left a large fleet to his successors, when he quitted the presidency of the Admiralty - Board; but he had heard gentlemen assert since, that he left no fleet at all, for h is ships were all rotten. If they were, what had his successors been about, that they had not got more in their dead in so many years time ? The Noble Lord had said, we had now 92 ships in Commission, and last year we had 98 5 he expected to hear this unsatisfactory mystery cleared up. The Honourable Gentleman concluded with moving, as ait amendment, that the motion ( land 110, 000, instead of

100, 000.

Sir Georgi Tange seconded the amendment, and assigned hi

reasons for so doing : he accused the Admiralty of havin made very little use of the vast supplies that : had been er trusted to their hands 5 and heexpressed his opinion, that, the money voted for the Navy, during the last ten years, b been properly managed and expended, we might now h; nearly as many new - built ships as we have new and together. .,

Lord Afulgrave differed with Mr. Hufley in respect to

manner of training seamen. Seamen, hfc said, were nc be made in one, or two, dr three years; nay, many tl lands of ordinary seamen could ndver be made able sea They, and the landmen, might be very useful inde board y but no officer would trust to them as they wo able seamen. Not a few. months cruise, nor any thir it ;, would even make them ordinary seamen : it r < I propensity, as well as understanding *, and, unled went early in life into the service,. they seldom reae ! d proficiency. Rude and barbarous as the seamen we‘d rally supposed to be, it was not every man who any length of time become an able Teaman. To be ed, required much greater abilities than the Hc - Gentleman seemed to be aware of.. It was not an c - to make a landman a seaman; b. ut landmen wer1 *

ncficial, and there wste. always proportion on be if

o *

li -

ce

14

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7U

the greafeft objection that he had to this mode of successiori was, that it tended to split and divide ships companies, to take them away, when disciplined, from the officers to whom they were endeared, and from the mefTmates with whom they were happy. As to the exertions which the Honourable Gentleman recommended, the Admiralty had nothing more at heart than to fee every thing dohe that could promote the public service; and no owners of private yards would they fuller to remain idle, that would undertake to build ships and could perform their contracts. The Honourable Gentleman seemed to think other wise from what he had heard and seen at two or three of the sea - ports; but, if he had the experience of the Admiralty, he would not credit all he heard; for he could allure him, that many offers had been made to the board for building ships; sometimes in places where they could not be launched, and sometimes by per - ions who bad it not in their power to perform their con - ra#. An instance of this had lately occurred, where a man ad applied to the Board for a contract, and was refused. ecause he was not able to perform what he was willing lough to promise, and because the Board were actually ng him on his penalty, for not having fulfilled his Iaft itra#. He wanted, however, to secure a second contract $ \ if the Board had gratified him, the public would b « ided in their expectations from seeing two ships building nee; for though two might be on the flips, God only w when even one of them would be launched. The; ourable Member bad mentioned the flips at Portsmouth, said that in the yard he had not seen any hurry of : he hoped that this might have arisen from the regu an. d order observed in the yard, by which every man nployed in his own particular department; bustle and on were prevented, when every man knew his talk, is attentive to his duty. Though the Honourable rhad not seen any work performing on the ships on, it did not follow that a great deal of work was g forward. Besides, in time of war, very few ships te were built in the equipping dock - yards, the men aids having full employment in refitting, repairing, ships as were from time to time brought therefor iofes. At Chatham, line - of - battle ships were built more expediriously; but neither there, nor indeed the King’s yards, were they built during the time; fall j and that for this reason—when ihipswant -.

ing

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

i

ing repairs which would take up but a few months complete, were brought in, the men Were always set to work upon them immediately, in order to get them to fca again as soon as possible. The private ship - builders yards were the places where most of our ships were built during the time of war. It was usual, particularly since the coppering came in fashion, to carry on the repairs of the large ships at Spithead, because much time might be loft in waiting for winds and tides to c#rrythem to and from Ports - mouth, and they were therefore never carried up so far, except when it was absolutely neccifary to do so; and though the calm and quiet, which the Honourable Member bad fecn in the dock - yard, might have proceeded from order and regularity, it might also have, in a great measure, arifert from this circumstance, that many of the ( hipwrights were at work at the time on the largest ships afloat at Spithead.

His Lordship assured the Hon. Gentleman, that the Admiralty were not disposed to omit availing themselves of every opportunity to have ships built, wherever such places could be found; and, as a proof of this, he would acquaint him with a circumstance which had very lately occurred. Orders had been brought over from Ostend, for building large vessels in the private yards in the river, for the Emperors India Company : by large vefl ' els he meant ships of ii and 1200 tons. The Admiralty heard of the order, and immediately insisted that the matters of the yards should not undertake to execute them. ' Application was then made to the Imperial Minister at our court, to request that he would interfere, and try to persuade the Admiralty to withdraw their opposition : but his Excellency was told by the Board, that they could not poiTibly delift from their opposition; because, in the present exigency of our affairs, we flood in need of every hand that could drive a nail, and therefore could not, for the present, consent that our shipwrights should work for any but ourselves; and the people concerned were given to understand, that, if the laws at present in being were not sufficient to restrain them from building for foreigners at this time, application would be made to the Le - giflature for a law that should do it effectually. With regard to the combination alluded to by the Honourable Gen tleman, he really knew not correctly what he meant. If it was the talk - work plan, he could only say, that the pro *, fession he had the honour to belong to were divided in opi - iqefl upon the nutter; some of the ablgft men in thfe service f ‘ _ think *

1

JO

I

I

04 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&1.

. thinking it a happy circumstance that the plan Was flopped as it was, and others maintaining that it was the wisest. plan that ever was suggested. His Lordship added, the j Navy at present was greater than any Navy this country had j seen and begged the Committee to recoiled, that upwards j of one hundred ships of the line had been put in commission since the year 1776. He concluded his speech with observ - ing, that every possible exertion had been made, both by the Admiralty - Board. and the l vy - Board, to strengthen the; Navy, and add to the number of ships in commission; and, that in the course of the year it would be much stronger, that it was at present. I

Mr. HuJlj. JV r. HuJjey, in reply, said that the noble Lord bad given a moil melancholy picture of our situation. What ! would; the Noble Lord undertake to assert, that this country could : not make greater exertions than she had done ? How were. we to reinstate ourselves ? To what use had so many millions been voted for the Navy service ? Did the Noble Lord plead the loss of the fi ships, and the damage done to the other seventeen, as the cause that was to satisfy the Committee, why our Navy was less numerous by fix ships this year than it was the last year ? Did the Noble Lord think, it was not the duty of the Admiralty to provide against the ordinary and incidental calamities of the service ? Did the Admiralty suppose, we were to lose none of our ships in such a war as the present ? For his part, he expected that we should have loll many more. It was wonderful wc had not. Providence had been extremely kind to us, or we mud have experienced much greater Losses; and the Admiralty,. considering what immense sums they had been entrusted with, ought to have given us more ships, and made more vigorous efforts. Mm '. tiers were highly criminal for having j loft both our trade and part of our possessions; they had fa j crificcd both to the American war, and they ought to an - j fwer for it 1 He begged pardon for being so warm, but he j fpuke as he felt; and he could not help being indignant on j hearing, that, notwithstanding the boatt of the b irit Lord or the Admiralty, of his having afuperior Navy to the House of Bourbon, we now not only had a Navy inferior to theirs, but j were told by a Lord of that Board, that there was no hope of; our being able to have one that was superior. He should persist therefore in his amendment, and they ought to thank; him for it, and accept it joyfully. He wished to flrengihiA i the hands of Government; and - if they refuied the aid, theie mult he feme secret, dark cause.

Ad -

A 1781. DEBATES. 10

Admiral Keppcl so far agreed with the Noble Lord, that Admiral it was not an easy thing to make able seamen out of land - c e men, but it was a most advantageous thing to have them oil board, for they came up slowly and gradually to be most serviceable hands. It undoubtedly required that men should go young into the service to become able Icamen. As to lpJitting ships companies, and tearing from an officer the men in whom he had confidence, and who had confidence in bim, and in one another, it was a thing that he would never do : he would as soon put his hand into the pocket of ail officer, and rob him of his gofd, as he would of the men he bad bred up. This was the fault of the pre/ent Board. It was this which had divided and diitra < 5ted the Navy; which had driven men into the service of foreign countries, and had dispirited those that remained. It was a thing which had never been pn&ifed in former days; in the days of that great and gallant man, whom it was the fashion now to revile, but who was the father of the English Navy, Sir Edward Hawke.

It had been - said, that in his Administration our fleet Was not fe great as it is now. He denied the fact—it was greater *

He fat with him at the Board— he knew his conduct, both in his civil and military capacity. He had left behind him a name unrivalled in the maritime records of his country *

There were, indeed, about twenty bad ships; but it was a Angular thing, that of those ships which were appointed to parade before his Majesty, the greater part were the ships of Sir Edward Hawke. They remained ( launch and true to their country, like the old English oak of which they were made. Lord Sandwich ? foreign men of war were not made for British service. He avowed that the Admiralty had not exerted themselves in procuring ships to be built. They had opportunities, and they had fullered them to escape. Perhaps it was not yet too late; but they studied and practised the most incompetent and unadvised plan, and they had by that means fuft ' ered the British Navy to decay; and he mud after though he did it without dcfpondency, that we had better 1yd down at once than go on without a system. It was the most : melancholy part of our situation, that the Navy which did poilels was hot directed to an object.

Lord Mulgrave rose again to say, that he had ttcVef fle - Lord Mui cufed Sir Edward Hawke of being a bad officer. Hcgrav < > thought him one of the greatest and most gallant seamen that tverdistinguished this or any country. He loved and revered

Vol. V. P hi#

W

96

Lord

JSiorlb,

Mr.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178/.

British Empire, and wasted its Blood and Treasure ! He said, ( he had British feelings, but he would nevertheless take the part of an enemy when they appeared to him to be oppressed. Jf, for instance, an enemy ifhould be murdered after furren - dering himself, he would stand forward as the prosecutor of, his murderer : if, for indance, an Enemy should have his j property seized after capitulating, he should find an advocate - in him : and if, for instance, an Enemy complained of the Minister’s having broke the faith of government with regard to him, he should find an advocate in him, and, he trusted, in the British House of Commons. With respect to the let -; ter which the Noble Lord hat} received from the Hon, Ad - j miral, acquainting him that the capture of St. Eustatia was ! a very rich one, and that it all, every farthing of it, was the property of the Crown; he could not but admire, that such a Minister as, we had, who was an, and a

full - grown Minister, should come to the House, and tell them, that he had received a letter from the Admiral, informing him that every thing at St. Eustatia was the property of the Crown, in answer to the proposed inquiry. 1 From such conduct the Minister might naturally be con -. eluded a very young man, with a large napkin under his chin, j The Letter he thought more proper to have been sent to the j Attorney - General; but he supposed the Noble Lord, who acted on the occasion as a lawyer, and sent word to the Admiral, that the property was all his, as the Attorney - General would have done, had taken a fee for his advice.

With regard to the question, the Noble Lord might do as he pleased with it. He might cut it, and mangle it, just as he. pleased; but though he should cut it into a thousand pieces, if he got but any part of it, it would be sufficient for him. But the Noble Lord had divided his motion in a manner that put him in mind of a murderer, who having amputated all the limbs of a child, threw them different w ' ays, in order that the father might be employed in picking them up, instead of pursuing the murderer.

Lord North said, that, in speaking of the letter he received from the Hon. Admiral, he meant no more than to subst antiate or confirm the fa < ft, that the Admiral had sent him such a letter.

Mr. Burke 1 ofe again, and called for the inquiry. He had a body of evidence to adduce at the bar, and would go into the matter that night, or whenever the House should pjeafe. lie desired the House would fuller the inquiry to be gone into,

and

‘ C

97

A. 1781. DEBATES.

and he would pledge himself that he would support every thing he had said.

jVlr. &yng called the attention of the House to a very important object. He did not rife so much to spealc to the Mr motion as to state the infringement made, year after year, upon the privilege of Parliament, and the privilege of the Coo - ihtuuon. Last year, he said, the House made no objection to the appointment of a Committee to inquire the if the Alcibratta war, although Sir Thomas Rum bold was at that very time under a prosecution of the Court of King’s Bench.

But now this mode is said to be improper, and the inquiry is objected to, because one or ? two 1 ' uits are depending in the Court of King’s Bench, for. the recovery of property taken at St. fcluftatius.

Colonel Barre said, that at so late an hour he would not Col trouble the House by going at large into the question. All he wanted was to remove every objection it was liable to, av\d to make it meet the approbation of all parties. He would therefore, with the leave of the Honourable Gentleman who originally made the motion, restore the two motions to one with ( tone alteration. He moved, that this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to examine into the confiscation of the goods and merchandize as found in the lOand of St. Eufiatius, excepting such gqotts and merchandize as are now claimed in any Court of Law or Equity.

Upon this motion the House ( at twelve o ’ clock ) divided for it 8y, against it 163.

December 5.

The House went into a Committee of supply, and Mr.

Old cook his feat at the table.

Lord Lisburne rnfe and moved, that 100, 000 men be Lor if granted for the sea service, including 21, 721 marines, for the turns. year 1782. It was a matter of ljupply so obviously necessary and important, that he would not take up their time in fating any thing to enforce his motion.

Mr. Hu fey said it Was common on such a day as that, and r _ it was expected that the Admiralty should give the Hous

£ome information respecting the state, condition, and prd - pe : s of the Navy. Such a proposition as the present w ls not to be made in a loolc, negligent manner; all the hop « s or tprs country depended on the Navy, anti the House - mull:

. know something of it$ management, and of us date. It

You. V, U v. ' - ts

9 *

PARLIAMENTARY

was common for the Admiralty to give an account to Parliament of the ships that were now in commission, and what were intended to be added, ' and what alterations there were in the Navy in general.

Lord L : /r Lord Liiburne then dated, that the number of seamen and marines voted by Parliament last year was 90, 000 : that the number really employed in the course of the year was 118, 000 : that we had, in the course of the last year, 98 ships in commission; but that number was now diminished, for within fometning more than a year 17 ships of the line bad been disabled, and fix more totally loft in the late hurricanes, and by the accidents of war and sea : that, upon account of these losses, the number of ships now in commission was 92 only; so that there were fix ships fewer this year than the last. But there were now upon the flocks building, and would be launched in the course of the year, and in the yards repairing, at least 14 ships. The whole of the ships now - in commission, great and small, amounted to 405 in pumber. To the marines five new companies had been added, making the whole 151 companies. He could only add to this, that the greatest exertions had been made, and that the Admiralty had done every thing in their power, to in - crease and extend the Navy of Great - Britain in the present alarming and critical fnuation. The motion of the present day would prove their anxiety for the naval service. In no former year of the British history had so many as 100, 000 seamen been voted by Parliament. This was a greater number than was now actually in the feryice; but they were anxious to procure men, and to bend all tIpeir endeavours to this particular point. He trusted the Committee would agree to the proposed motion *

M _ Mr. HuJJeyrofe again, and said, that it had been his m - - r ? - Wytent ion for a considerable time to move on this day, that

1 io, coo seamen should be granted for the naval service of the current year; and he had made this resolution on the most deliberate opinion, and also on the belief that his Majesty ' s Ministers meant to move for no more than 90, 000 seamen. But when he found that they designed to move for ioc, oco, he owned that, for a short time, he was brought jn his own mind to consent to give over the resolution of moving for the addition; but, in convening with his friends, and llating to them the reasons on which he willed to ( Lengthen the hands of Government with this augmentation, they were unaijimously of opinion, that he ought to perfe -

f" - m

99

ktjSr DEBATES *

vere in his intention; For it was an aid absolutely nec eflhry to the welfare and the success of our operations. By this advice he was induced to remain in his ' refutation; and her would now propose, as an amendment to the motion, that

110, 000 seamen and marines should be Voted for the fervicd of the turrent year, it was his sincere belief that Ministry had not made all the exertions which they had it in their power to make *, and the Admiralty were criminal in not having made the exertions which were in their power. In the course of the present summer, he had made it his buff refs to look into the opportunities, and into the efforts, of the naval department. In Hampshire he had seen several private yards, where it was in the power of his Majesty’s Ministers to procure ships of the line. At Chapel, a little place near Southampton, where a ship of 64, and two of 444 were building, the master of the dock - yard said he was capable of building a 70 or a 74, and had done so about 25 years ago. In the royal yard at Portsmouth, he was acto nished to see the negligence and inactivity that prevailed i all was quiet, listless, and unemployed, where he expected bustle, hurry, and fulness of business : there was no appearance of our being at war with all the great maritime powers of Europe ., There were fix flips; four of them were occupied by the Raisonable, the Trident, the Vengeance, and the Swallow : out of the fifth the Warrior was launched a few days 2go; and in the 6th lay the rotten timbers of the St. George. He had no intelligence there but what any other man might have had as ealily as he j he had given his name, and viewed the dock - yards, and he believed that there might be more shipping built there. At Bristol, he said, the master of a dock - yard said he could build a line - of - battle ship. There were many other private yards in the kingdom, where the Admiralty might build ships, and wherp they ought to have done so. With respeeb to manning the Navy, much greater exertions might have been made for that purpose. It was always his idea, that much benefit might be derived from having a number of landmen employed on board his Majesty’s ships. He had not the benefit of a Teaman’s education, nor did he know what was the necessary time for qualifying a man as an able seaman j but he Was inclined to think, that, in the course of only one tWelvertiontfi young landmen, if employed afloat, might be rendered ordinary seamen, and, in the course of a twelvemonth, an ordinary seaman might be iq&de aa able seaman *. The benefit O a « f

ICC

PARLIAM E NTARY

A. 1781.

of having constantly a number of landmen on board would, therefore, be great audit was his sincere wiftl that fucha j plan was adopted as an experiment at least. He adverted to j an argument made use of in «. former year by a Vice - Admiral j ( Sir Hugh Palliser ), that, if it had not been for a combination j formed in the dock - yards some time ago, our Navy would J have been stronger by the addition of at least one half more 1 ships. This evidently implied, that, if they bad the ships, they could procure the men $ for without men the ships could not strengthen the Navy. He wished to know why the marines were not fuftered to go aloft, as they were in the lall war; and why regiments of foot were not occasion - j ally or constantly lent on board. It would be a wife method of recruiting the service. The Admiralty were criminal, were inexcusable, for not making greater exertion ?, and building Chips, as they might have done in the private ' yards. The motion which he was going to make would oblif. the Minister to apply 520, 000 !. more to the Navji ! lei v. co than he was obliged to do by the proposed vote. Ia the one way the sum to be raised was. 5, 200, cool. in fnal other the sum was 5, 720, 000 !. Perhaps the Noble Lord in thej blue ribbon would make it now, as before, a question of finance Great exertions muff be made at sea, or the country would; be loft; and every Gentleman muff feel that great exertion could not be made without great and adequate means. He. meant therefore, by his amendment, to impound tte 520, 000b which the Noble Lord well knew was the idi value of his amendment, and fix it for the use of the Navy. It would at leaf ! serve to pay off so much of the Navy debt, if it would not answer for better purposes, and be employed in a manner more useful; and he would do it the rarher now, because he knew, when other services can. c to be provided for, he should be refiffed. Perhaps the Nobit Lord won Id lay, "Why pinch the other services ? The arm ] muff be provided lor : iurely, you would not flint and Itary that service ! ’ He would answer the Noble Lord fairly, i was what he wished to do, and he was fuie he was fervin his country by it. 1 he great ejror of the war had been At minilfration had been too fori® of the Army, and paid u little regard to the Navy. 1 he American war had been t cause of this error, and that House had but; too cheer ! u ! and blindly co - operated with the views, and wiihes, a projects of Administration, mad and weak, and ill - judt a those views, and wiibes > and projects bad been.

Atnei

A. 1781; DEBATES. "

I

America was to be coerced, the only probable mode of coercing her would have been by a powerful Navy. Had we preferred the empire of the seas, France would not have ventured to have interfered, and we need not to have cared for all the world; we should ave been at peace at this time, in ( lead of he deplorable situation in which we now {food. He had always imagined that a great and gallant Admiral, lately no more, but whose memory would ever be revered by his eountry, had left a large fleet to his successors, when he quitted the presidency of the Admiralty - Board; but he had heard gentlemen assert since, that he left no fleet at all, for his ship9 were all rotten. If they were, what had his successors been about, that they had not got more in their Head in so many years time ? The Noble Lord had Lid, we had now 92 {hips in Commission, and lad year we had 98; he expected to hear this unsatisfactory mystery cleared up. The Honourable Gentleman concluded with moving, as an amendment, that the motion it and 110, 000, instead of

100, 000.

Sir Georgt Yonge seconded the amendment, and assigned hi

reaions for so doing : he accused the Admiralty of havin made very little use of the vail {‘applies that, had been cr traded to their hands; and he expressed his opinion, that, the money voted for the Navy, during the Lift ten years, b been properly managed and expended, we might now h; nearly as many new - built {hips as we have new and together..

Lord Mulgraw differed with Mr. Huffey in respect to manner of training seamen. Seamen, he said, were nr be made in one, or two, dr three years; nay, many tl sands of ordinary seamen could never be made able sea They, and the landmen, might be very useful inde board; but no officer would trust to them as they wo able seamen. Not a few months cruise, nor any thir in, would even make them ordinary seamen : it r < i propensity, as well as understanding; and, unled went early in life into the service, they seldom reacd proficiency. Rude and barbarous as the seamen we‘d rally supposed to be, it was not every man who g any kngth of time become an able seaman. To be ed, required much greater abilities than the He6 Gentleman Teemed to be aware of It was not an to make a landman a seaman; but landmen wcr > *

nchcial, and there wew. always proportion on be it

o *

> i -

ce

L,

PARLIAMENTARY a. I7g/

thegreateft objection that he had to this mode of fuccelliorf was, that it tended to split and divide ships companies, tc take them away, when disciplined, from the officers to whom they were endeared, and from the mcfFmates with whom they were happy. As to the exertions which the Honourable Gentleman recommended, the Admiralty had nothing more at heart than to fee every thing dohe that could promote the public service; and no owners of private yards would they fuller to remain idle, that would undertake to build ships and could perform their contrails. The Honourable Gentleman seemed to think otherwise from what he had heard and seen at two or three of the sea - ports; but, if he had the experience of the Admiralty, he would not credit all he heard : for he could allure him, that many offers had been made to the board for building ships; sometimes in places where they could not be launched, and sometimes by per - fons who bad it not in their power to perform their con - ra#. An inltance of this had lately occurred, where a man. ad applied to the Board for a contract, and was refused. ecause he was not able to perform what he was willing tough to promise, and because the Board were actually ng him on his penalty, for not having fulfilled his Ian itradh He wanted, however, to secure a second contract $ if the Board had gratified him, the public would be ided in their expectations from seeing two ships building nee; for though two might be on the Dips, God only w when even one of them would be launched. The; ourable Member had mentioned the flips at Portsmouth, said that in the yard he had not seen any hurry of : he hoped that this might have arisen from the regu an. d order observed In the yard, by which every man nployed in his own particular department; bustle and on were prevented, when every man knew his talk, is attentive to his duty. Though the Honourable rhad not seen any work performing on the shipson, it did not follow that a great deal of work was g forward. Besides, in time of war, very few ships le were built in the equipping dock - yards, the men ards having full employment in refitting, repairing, ships as were from time to time brought there for roles. At Chatham, line - of - battle ships were built more expeditiously; but neither there, nor indeed the King’s yards, were they built during the time tall; and that fcr this reason—when inipswant - *

A. 17 1. DEBATES. 10

ing repairs which would take up but a few months to complete, were brought in, the iren Were always set to work upon them immediately, in order to get them to fca again as soon as possible. The private ship - builders yards, were the places where most of our ships were built during the time of war. It was usual, particularly ( ince the coppering came in fashion, to carry on the repairs of the large ships at Spithead, because much time might be loft in wair - ing for winds and tides to c rry them to and from Ports - mouth, and they were therefore never carried up so far, except when it was absolutely neccJTary to do so; and though the calm and quiet, which the Honourable Member had seen in the dock - yard, might have proceeded from order and regularity, it might also have, in a great measure, arisen from this circumstance, that many of the ( hipwrights were at work at the time on the largest ships afloat at Spithead.

His Lordship allured the Hon. Gentleman, that the Admiralty were not disposed to omit availing themselves of every opportunity to have ships built, wherever such places could be found; and, as a proof of this, he would acquaint him with a circumstance which had very lately occurred.

Orders had been brought over from Ostend, for building large vessels in the private yards in the river, for the Emperor’s India Company : by large vessels he meant ships of II and 1200 tons. The Admiralty heard of the order, and immediately infilled that the masters of the yards ( liould not undertake to execute them. ’ Application was then made to the Imperial Minister at our court, to request that he would interfere, and try to persuade the Admiralty to withdraw their opposition : but his Excellency was told by the Board, that they could not possibly desist from their opposition; because, in the present exigency of our affairs, we flood in need of every hand that could drive a nail, and therefore could not, for the present, consent that our ( hipwrights should work for any but ourfeJvcs; and the people concerned were given to understand, that, if the laws at present in being were not sufficient to restrain them from building for foreigners at this time, application would be made to the Le - giflature for a law that should do it effectually. With regard to the combination alluded to by the Honourable Gen « tleman, he really knew not correctly what he meant. If it was the talk - work plan, he could only say, that the pro fession he had the honour to belong to were divided in opi - ije# upon the matter j some of the abl ? ft men in the service

think *

PARLIAMENTARY

ro4

A. 17 ^.

. thinking it a happy circumstance that the plan Was flopped as it was, and others maintaining that it was the wisest plan that ever was suggested. His Lordship added, the Navy at present was greater than any Navy this country had seen 5, and begged the Committee to recoiled, that upwards of one hundred ships of the line had been put in commission since the year 1776. He concluded his speech with observ - ing, that every possibletexertion had been made, both by the Admiralty - Board, and the l vy - Board, to strengthen the Navy, and add to the number of {hips in commission j and that in the course of the year it would be much stronger that it was at present.

Mr. HuJftj. HuJJ ( y % in reply said that the noble Lord had given a moit melancholy picture of our iituation. What ! would the Noble Lord undertake to assert, that this country could not make greater exertions than ( he had done ? How were we to reinstate ourselves f To what use had so many millions been voted for the Navy service ? Did the Noble Lord plead the loss of the fix ships, and the damage done to the other seventeen, as the cause that was to satisfy the Committee, why our Navy was less numerous by fix fiiips this year than it was the last year ? Did the Noble Lord think, it was not the duty of the Admiralty to provide against : the ordinary and incidental calamities of the service ? Did the Admiralty suppose, we were to lose none of our ships in such a war as the present ? For his part, he expected that we should have loll many more. It was wonderful we had not. Providence bad been extremely kind to us, or we must have experienced much greater lodes j and the Admiralty, considering what immense sums they had been entrusted with, ought to have given us more ships, and made more vigorous etforts. Ministers were highly criminal for having Jolt both our trade and part of our possessions; they had fa - crificcd both to the American war, and they ought to answer for it He begged pardon for being so warm, but he lpoke as he felt; and he could not help being indignant on hearing, that, notwithstanding the boast of the lirlt Lord of the Admiralty, of his having a superior Navy to the House of Bourbon, we now not only had a Navy inferior to theirs, but were told by a Lord of that Board, that there was no hope of our being able to have one that was superior. He should persist therefore in his amendment, and they ou ht to thank ' him for it, and accept it joyfully. He wiftied to Itrengthvn the hands of Government; and - if they refused the aid, theie tnutt be fume secret, dark cause.

Ad

C,

A. 1781. DEBATES. 105

Admiral Keppel so far agreed with the Noble Lord, that Admiral it was not an easy thing to make able seamen out of land - c™e men, but it was a most advantageous thing to have them on board, for they came up fiowly and gradually, to be most serviceable hands. It undoubtedly required that men should go young into the service to become able seamen. As to iplitting ships companies, and tearing from an officer the men in whom he had confidence, and who had confidence in bim, and in one another, it was a thing that he would never do : he would as soon put his hand into the pocket of ail officer, and rob him of his gold, as he would of the me n he bad bred up. This was the fault of the present Board. It was this which had divided and diltracded the Navy; which had driven men into the service of foreign countries, and bad dispirited those that remained. It was a thinri which had never been pr3&ifed in former days; in the days of that great and gallant man, whom it was the fashion now to revile, but who was the father of the EnglifliL avy, Sir Edward Hawke.

It had beetvsaid, that in his Administration our fleet was not fe great as it is now. He denied the fact—it was greater *

He fat with him at the Board— he knew his conduct, both in his civil and military capacity. He had left behind him a name unrivalled in the maritime records of his country *

There were, indeed, about twenty bad ships; but it was a fmguiar thing, that of those ships which were appointed to pirade before his Majesty, the greater part were the ships of Sir Edward Hawke. They remained {launch and true to their country, like the old English oak of which they were made. Lord Sandwich ? foreign men of war were not made for British service. He avowed that the Admiralty had not exerted themselves in procuring ships to be built. They had opportunities, and they had fufFered them to escape. Perhaps it was not yet too late; hut they ( ludied and practised the most incompetent and unadvised plan, and they Irad by that means fufFered the British Navy to decay; and he must afterc though he did it without despondency, that we had better 1yd down at once than go on without a system. It was the most melancholy part of our situation, that the Navy which wt did poftels was hot directed to an object.

Lord Mulgraverofe again to say, that he had ttcVef ac - Lord

cufed Sir Edward Hawke of being a bad officer. He thought him one of the greatest and most gallant feametl thac tverdistinguished this or any country. He loved and revered

VoIm v. P hit

106 PARLIAMENTARY A. i78u

his memory —and he revered it so much, that he could not fit and hear him degraded by false praise. He was a Teaman so great To good, that he was not formed for descending to the detail of the civil duties of office. He made no scruple to declare "I

that he never regarded him as a great Naval Minister. There was one part of his character which rendered him as high as any other, and that was, that he had the virtue to retire from a situation, for which he found his abilities were not calculated. With regard to what the Honourable Gentleman who moved the amendment had said, as to the Admiralty - Board being bound to look for Losses, and provide against them, it was true, and they had done so. But ships "

did not grow out of Losses, nor were they to be built in a day. -

Sir Hugh Sir Hugh Palliser gave an account of the combination Pettier. which took place in the yards in 1773 by which many

of the ablest hands were loft to this country, and the '

Admiralty prevented from building so many {hips as they otherwise would have done. He said, that this combi -, nation had been created by the wicked artifices of one

' Lee, a well - known agent of Congress, who had fuc - i

cceded in his traitorous purposes, and by giving the workmen money, and supporting them while they absented themselves from the King’s yards, got them over so entirely to his interest, that Government was under the necessity of abandoning their plan. Sir Hugh also mentioned the affair of John the Painter, and his setting fire to Portsmouth yard, and the city of Bristol. ‘He further said, that a va - I

riety of difficulties had been thrown in the way of the present Board of Admiralty. for. Thomas Mr. Thomas Townjhcndinfilled that the amendment was

Toumjuend. exceedingly necessary— not a syllable had been said against it. It would force Ministers to do their duty, and apply the additional 500, 000 !. to the service of the Navy, and perhaps spare it from the more unconstitutional service of the army. Not a syllable, he said, had been advanced against it. All the gentlemen, who had spoken on the other fide, had endeavoured rather to divert the attention of the House, than to answer the strong arguments of Mr. Huffey.

He adverted with pointed irony to what had fallen from Lord Mulgrave. To be sure, fays he, if 1 were to venture to set up an opinion upon a maritime question, 1 should be corrected for my presumption—I {houid be told that I was as ignorant of every thing that respe&ed the Navy of England as Lord Hawke. —Lord Hawke’s education, it seems,

did

A. 1781. DEBATES. 107

did not fit him for naval affairs, and his opinion was not to be held respectable. Indeed, he confessed the education of Lord Hawke and of Lord Sandwich were very different -; and if Lord Sandwich was a proper man to conduct the naval affairs of England, Lord Hawke muff have been the most unfit person upon earth, for no two characters were ever more opposite to each other.

He ridiculed the idea of a hew diflindion of character, and said, he did not understand what was the meaning of the phrase, a gnat Naval Minister, set up in opposition to the character of a great and experienced sea officer. He laughed also at the mention of John the Painter, and alt that had been said of a Mr. Lee or Mr. Lind, or Mr. Somebody, he could not tell who, that had been mentioned as the author of a combination fatal to the interests of this country; and said, if the facts were so, more ( hame for Administraiion : there were laws in being, equal to the pu - nishment of such offenders, and they ought to have been exerted. Would they dare to come forward, and give as an ex - cufe for the wretched impotence and fallen state of the Bri - tiih Marine, that they were opposed in their measures, and all the naval operations of the country were flopped and defeated by a despicable Mr. Lee ! With all the laws of England—with all the authority of Government at their service —wo jld they venture to say that they were unable to prevent or to overcome a little paltry combination, begun and supported by a ( ingle individual I It was a height of impudence to which he did not think that ever the present Admiralty could have reached. The Honourable Gentleman reprobated all their mean subterfuges—they were too low for credu iiv. But such had been all along the arts of those Hue criminals who had ruined their country.

Lord North said, that if no men were to be employed but those who should be voted, he could have no objection to vote for the amendment : but the Honourable Member who. h. ' d proposed it knew very well, that let the number voted, be what it might, as many men would be employed as could be found. During the course of the last war, no more than.

70, 0 0 had been voted at one time, and yet the number employed during that war had been from 82 to 86, 000; lafb year 90, 0 ' jo had been voted, and 99, 845 had been employed : io th .; t, in ladt, the number voted was never the number employed.

1 he question was therefore a mere matter of finance, and

jo8

PARLIAMENTARY a. 1781.

it only went to this—whether Parliament should grant

5, 2cc\ooool. or 5, 720, 000 !. specifically for the maintenance of 110, 000 men. This would certainly make a difference of 52c, cool, in the ways and means of tnejear; and he d .; d not lee why the executive power should be tied down to expend that foecific sum in the naval department, even though circumstances should occur, which might make it more proper to expend that sum in the military department : both services were undoubtedly useful, and sometimes one would be useless without the other. It was an amendment not likely to add io, ccO seamen to our Navy, but an amend ment, which, to use the Honourable Gentleman ' s particular and remarkable expression, an expression we ' d adapted to the purpose, tended to impoundfive/hundred thousand pounds

and upwards for the use of the Navy. Before the Committee acceded to this proportion, he begged leave to < ndl to theif consideration the it age of public business at which they flood, the general usage of Parliament in that stage, the violent alteration of it now proposed, and the neceifity, wisdom, and expediency of altering it so violently in the present cribs. The Committee were now called on to grant the first supply, the supply of the Navy, which had always and very deservedly been the favourite service of the nation. The fatft was, the Admiralty did, the Admiralty ought, and the Admiralty would be criminal to a great and very high degree, if they did not get every seaman that was to be had. It was well known by that House, that the custom always was to move for less than would be employed. It was a wife practice, fmee it did not give any m. ney to that particular department which would lu : useless. Wbv then was it necessary to move for more now ? and why cut the Navy to any precise fatitling ? and especially as the NJoble Lord had himself moved for more than was re - quisite to man the present lilt of the Navy. Some ’ Gentlemen might be afraid that great augmentations were to take place in the army, and that consequently the American war was to be pursued with redoubled vigour. The large - ness of the supply called for this day, mfoht lull their apprehensions on that head; for the motion without the amendment was ft ill for 10, 000 seamen more than were called for last year, and consequently the sum of 520, 000 ! Would be employed in the naval department more th n last year. The < jueft; on thereto ! e was, which fide should be fpqrc libera ] tq the Crown : one side was very liberal indeed,

A. iy8c « DEBATES 109

In voting loetOOOO; the other exceflivel yand unnecessarily liberal, in voting 110, 000; and yet, let which - ever vote take place, the Admiralty would employ all the hands they could get.

Colonel Barrt begged pardon for being obliged to a ( k the oiond Noble Lord of the Admiralty - Board what was the particular ( htement of the force of this year and what the difference between it and the force of the tad. He asked the ques - tion, because, through au accident, he was not in the House when Lord Lisburne bad opened the business.

Lord Mulgrafoe repeated and explained the statement. We Lf > H MuU were but fix ships less than lad year; so that seventeen ( h\pssruv < % had been added to the navy in little less than a year from March 1780. As to the fourteen ships that he had mentioned, something very extraordinary mud happen to prevent their being added to the Navy, as four of them were ships now under repair, and nearly finished, and the other ten, new ships, almod ready for launching : three of these ten new ships w re those presented to Government by the Ead - India Company. Possibly, said Lord Mulgrave, more may be got rejdy, but he did not ebufe to overltate the matter. If there were more, so much the better for the public; and if there were not, he should not hereafter be chargeable with having promised what was not pei formed.

He did, in the mean time, ashire the Committee, that both the Admiralty and the Navy Board would make every exertion in their power, for the neceftity was to the full as obvious to them as it could be to the Committee.

Colonel Barre then said, that with a diminished fleet, a fleet declared to be inferior to that of the enemy, and de - dared to be incapable of Fifing superior, or even equal to it, the Ministers refused the generous proffers of Gentlemen on that fide of the House, to ( Lengthen their hands, and enable them to encrease the Navy. It evidently shewed that they were dill determined to pursue their plan of giving a preference to the army.

If the motion had been merely to entrust so much more money to the hands of those who had shewed themselves such improvident and careless Rewards already, he should hive opposed t; but the motion of his Honourable friend, who he would venture to pronounce as honest a man as any within those walls, having been supported by such strong arguments, and proved - to have a good and an important tfndcflcy, he certainly would vote for it; and if the Commits

G.

110

PARLIAMENTARY

Mr. B

A. 1781.

mittee meant to act openly, and honestly, in order effectually to convince the public that their add refs to the Throne was not empty adulation, but that they meant to give the Crown real, substantial, constitutional support, they would do the fame. With respect to the estimates of the army, he said he had just perused them, in order to fefc how the question of the American war, to which a learned /Lord had said Ministers must soon speak out, would be brought forward by those estimates. He declared that they burnt his hand while he held them, as he saw the nation was again to pay for regiments, many of which, were they let into the gal - lei y, would not incommode the company then present in that part of the House. The Colonel said, it was another paper army that the public were to be taxed for. He answered Lord North’s argument about the precedent of voting a certain number of seamen and marines, and asserted, that, in the Noble Lord’s administration, the precedent infilled on had been frequently abandoned.

He lamented our misfortunes; he attributed them to otir disregard of our naval force; he hoped that was now at an end : he pretended to no scientific knowledge, yet, from the observations that a man of common sense could make, he could conceive nothing less than the moil criminal negligence of the national welfare in the conduct of the marine department; nay, the very words that the Noble Lord ( Lord Mulgrave ) let fall in the course of the debate, convinced him of this negligence. The Noble Lord had mentioned some consultations of the Admiralty, in order to thwart a design of the Emperor of Germany to build ships in this kingdom. — ' To thwart ! Then it seemed, ships might have been built for foreign service; Why not for our own ? Was this a proof that the exertions of the Admiralty have been at the height ? —Quite the contrary. The motion of his Honourable friend was generous—it was manly—it sprung from the purest of motives. Ministry, if they perilled in rejecting if, must give this sentiment to theif country, that they rejected the opportunity that was offered of reltoring the Royal Navy to its wanted grandeur,

Mr. Eyng denied the doctrine that had been laid down by Lord Mulgrave on a former day, that this country nruft be inferior to that of the House of Bourbon, whenever thele powers applied all their resources to the equipment of 9 navy. He denied its having been inferior in the reigns of King William and Queen Anne, and said, that hiftQi v re -

DEBATES.

m

A. 1781.

fated the doctrine. The British fleet was superior to the enemy at the famous battle of La Hogue—it was upon yari - ous occasions at that time superior to the enemy; and it might be, as it ought to be, superior to them now. We ought to imitate upon this occasion the conduct of our enemies in the extraordinary exertions which they made to recruit their navy in 1704 Such a national exertion ought in the present moment to be made y and then, if we failed of having a superior fleet, we might fit down with the desponding doctrine of the Admiralty, that our efforts were in vain.

General Smith said, he mull take credit to himself for hav - ing been the humble means of giving to his country half as many line - of battle ships, as his Majesty’s Ministers intended to give in the course of the year, it was he who moved in the India House for building three ships for Government, it was certainly a great boast for a private man to make; and the proceedings of the present day {hewed how much the nation was indebted to the East India Company for their generous and munificent present.

Mr. Penton begged the Honourable Gentleman to accept of his warm thanks for the share which he had had in bringing about the favour. Every citizen of this country was under obligation to him; but he said, that, had not the Eastln - dia Company acted in a manner so extraordinarily and so nobly generous, this country would have had the fame number of new {hips, as those builders in whose yards the three ships given by the India Company were built, would have been employed by the Admiralty. He said, that the Admiralty had made every possible exertion, and had embraced every opportunity of increasing the number of our {hips. He wished that any gentleman could point out a better mode for en - creasing the strength of the Navy than had yet been observed; and ventured to assert that the Board of Admiralty would inhantly adopt it.

General Cmway spoke also very warmly, and said, if it was true that this kingdom was inferior, and mull be inferior, to France, in her Navy, it was all over with us indeed and we mud make peace at any rate; but he did not believe the ( act. He doubted the correctness of the Noble Lord’s historical quotations relative to the inferiority of our Marine to that of the House of Bourbon in the reigns of King William and Queen Anne; and said, if it were true, that we could not make a greater exertion, and that building {even ships in a year was the utmost possible extent of our

efforts.

Gen. S niti.

Mr. Petto *.

General

Corns a ].

112

Mr. Webb.

Lord XIuU gruve.

PARLIAMENTARY A. i > « *.

efforts, for God’s fake make peace directly ask it on any terms and conclude it before more blood and tieafurew wasted ! Bur he believed it was nothing but the mifma - ’ nagement or the incapacity of Ministers, that made our fleet inferior, and that, if it was in abler hands, it would yet rife to its wonted splendour.

Mr, Webb knew that it was only the negligence or incapacity of the Ministers that we had to blame. The Honourable Gentleman ( Mr. Penton ) had desired any gentleman to point out how the Admiralty could have increased their efforts. He would tell that Honourable Gentleman, and the House, and the Country. There were many private yards capable of building line - of - battle ships, and which they might have employed through the whole of the present war. In the river there were four capital yards, each of them capable of building four fh ps of the line at one time : the yards of Mr. Wells, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Perry, and Mr. Randall. They had built for the Company $ and three of them were now building the {hips of the line presented to Government. He had spoken to Mr. Wells ( who was the particular friend of Lord Sandwich ) on the subject, and had asked him why he did not build for Government Mr. Wells said, that, even in the present alarming and critical moment. Government would not pay him. They did not, and would not, give him encouragement. He averred that they might have had sixteen drips of the line constantly in these flips; and there were many more at the outports. At Ipswich they might have built ships; and there was no scarcity of men, if there were {hips. The East Indiamen had gone round to Spithead well and fully manned, and they could have got many more. This he knew from his own knowledge; for he had been principally engaged in fitting them out. Many more able hands applied to him for employment than he panted. This was a fadh Why then did the Admiralty say that our Navy muff be inferior, without profiling from the opportunities which they really enjoyed ? It was an ill - timed, and an ill - judged parfimonv, at such a crisis as the present, to forego this opportunity, and the Admiralty ought to answer it to their country.

Lord ATuigmv : observed, that the Honourable Gentleman hnd said Mr. Wells was a particular friend of the First Lord of the Admiralty : fa tar, then, he proved that the Noble Lord was distntcrcfted, and had not ' yielded. that to friend -

ship

G.

IIJ

a i7&i. Debates.

fljip or to private regard which would have been an impro - per bjrgain with a ft ranger. The factc was, as he under - stood it, Mr - Wells wanted to charge a greater price than other builders were satisfied with receiving. Had his demand been complied with, the price would have been uni - verfally raised on the public, and the difference of the expence would have been enormous. As the twelve India - men lately built were finished, the yards would want work ) and he had no doubt, unless Mr. Wells was so rich as to give up all further thoughts of business, his stomach would come to, and he would again contract with Government. His Lordship said further, he was very glad to hear that seamen were plenty, and the Indiamen manned; for then he hoped they would not be brought round to Portsmouth by the lumpers, and that their Captains would not continue the practice of stealing the men from his Majesty’s ships, trepanning them, intoxicating, and concealing them in the infamous manner that they had done frequently.

His Lordship repeated his assertion, that the Navy of Great Britain was now greater that ever; that we bad more ships in commission than we had all last war, when we had the aid of America. He insisted upon ft, in reply to Mr *

Byng, that the historical facts stood as he had stated them in a former debate. At the ftege of Barcelona, and the battle Of Malaga, there was a Dutch squadron joined to ours. In the success at La Hogue, the Dutch were with us. In Lord Torrington’s affair off Beachy Head, the Dutch were also joined with us ybut where we stood alone, the House of Bourbon were our superiors in point of number. In Bantry Bay, they were 28 ships, or thereabouts, to our 21; and be asserted again, and averred, that whenever the French bent all their endeavours, and employed their resources to the equipment of a Navy, they must be fupcriof to us. Lord Mulgrave repeated it, that the Navy - Board did their duty, and that every exertion poifible had been made to build with the utmost expedition.

Colonel Barnafked, if, because Mr. Wells was exorbi - c ° h

( ant, the Admiralty were prevented from building rn the o; hcr three yards ? Might they not have built 12 ships at a time

Lord Mulgrave said he had been ' at sea, and could not tels Lori Afrf/ - the reason. He was unacquainted with the late proceedings of the Admiralty.

Mr. Bomber Gascoigne said, that the yards in the river M ' *

Vot. V. Q, were

t

314 PARLIAMENTARY A. ]

were chiefly occupied in building ( mail ships; and they pre - j

ferred them, because they paid better : —he declared, that there

was not a builder’s yard on the bank of the Thames, who was willing to enter into a contract to build ships for Government, that was not employed in that service. Mr. Gascoigne dated, that the number of ships of the line now building. were thirty - two, the greatest part of which would be ready to be launched on or before the middle of the year 1783, and all of them be compleat for the service of 1784. But the reason why the builders in the Thames were averse from contriving with Government was, that the river was so favourable for building merchant - ships when they built Haft or West Indiamen, they had regularly the benefit of dockage, of which they were entirely deprived when they built for Government, because the King’s ships were always docked, cleaned, and repaired, in the royal; yards. What the Admiralty could do, they had done; but

the business of making contracts belonged to the Navy -, Board.

Mr. Vultc - Mr, Pultenry spoke with great warmth on this point. tiej. What ! was this a moment, when the very exifience of the nation was at ( lake, to prevent the building of 16 ships every eighteen months, for the paltry saving of a few thousand pounds ! He reprobated the idea of the Admiralty - Board throwing the blame on the Navy - Board, and so shifting it off their own ( boulders. He laid, there ought to be one general inspecting and supervising officer, to see that the duty of all the Boards was done. He bbmed also the niggaidli - ness of ( landing haggling with ship - builders for a few shillings a ton in each ship, when the great and important intercits of the nation weic at Hake. If it was for the interest of the buildcus to prefer the merchant’s bargain, why not make up to them the difference. It was natQral for men to prefer the employer that paid them bell.

W Wilier Mr < I Ft lb ir/ot\e lamented that he should have his feelings

JlfCC ' "

irritated by men in office endeavouring to impress defpon - dcncy on that House. He declared all that the Noble Lord had said on the subje < 5l of the Marine of Great Britain ' s being in former reigns inferior to that of the House of Bourbon, went to harrow and tear up by the roots all those ideas of the glory of this country, which he had been taught to adopt in his infancy, and which made every Lnglifhman’s bread glow with the noblest ardour, whenever he heard of Great Britain’s being involved in a contest with France and Spain. He said, in addition to what had fallen from Mr.

Webb,

DEBATES. '

' A, i

Webb, that a ship of the line, called the Temple, haJ been built some years since at the town he had the honour to represent, the town of Kingston upon Hull; and ships might be procured from the same yard regularly, if encouragement was given; for there was no want of {hipwrights, and there was no charge of extravagance.

Lrord Mulgrave said, that there were two ships built at Hull, the Temple and the Ardent. The Temple, after LorAJ ( Hlm having been at sea only three years, on a line summer ' s day, in weather perfectly calm, went down and was loft. The Ardent, soon after ( he was fitted out, was obliged to be sent into dock, and cost nearly as much repairing, as she would have done to be re built : an expence arising from the extreme rottenness of her timbers. These were reafoti to induce the Admiralty to be cautious how they ventured to contract again with the fame yard.

Admiral Koppelbegged leave to inform the Committee,

that the Temple was sent to the West - Indies, and had her Ad bottom almost entirely eaten out by the worms; after which, file went down in the open sea, exa#ly as the noble Lord had represented.

Mr. Cox said, that, to his knowledge, Mr. Randall was now building either two or three ships for Government. Mr. Cox.

Mr. Fox laid, he could not fufter the amendment on this important question to go to a vote and a division without Mr marking the extraordinary fort of defence of the Admiralty - Board, which had been set up and persisted in by the Noble Lord who had flood forward in its defence. The Noble Lord had told the Committee, in the language of exultation and of triumph, that the Navy of England now was greater and more numerous than the Navy of England last war.

Good God ! was the Navy of England of this day to fight the Navy of England of that day; if i were, the argument would be a good one ! The fa# was, the Navy of the House of Bourbon was greater than ever it had been known; the Navy of England was to fight that Navy, and the foie question was, was it greater and stronger than the Navy of the House of Bourbon ? That was the only comparative point of view in which the matter could be regarded, and from that fort of companion only would the merit, or the criminality, of the present Board of Admiralty, result ! He complimented Lord Mulgrave on his personal honour and his personal feelings, declaring he believed him to be a man who loved hL profession and loved his country. He asked, jo what a pitiful defence was the Admiralty that day

Q 2 reduced

PARLIAM E NTARY

A. 1781#

reduced ? — - Merely to the simple complaint, that Mr. Well asked an inoidinate price; — that a Angle ship - builder#s refusing to work upon such terms as the Admiralty wished to tie him down to, had flopped the exertions of Great Britain,. as a naval power, and rendered her incapable of refitting the efforts of her great and her powerful enemies j He laughed at Lord Mulgrave, for saying, as an unanswerable reply to Mr. Wilberforce, that the Temple went down on a summer’s day, and bid him remember, that the Marlborough, a man of war built in one of the King’s yards, went down at the same time. Before he concluded, he said, he had long derermined to take such measures as should bring the present First Lord of the Admiralty to his merited pu - nishment; that he was convinced of his guilt, and waited only for a fit opportunity of bringing it forward 5 and mott assuredly, when that opportunity offered, he would not fail to seize it.

> fr. Vetter, Mr. Potter defended the Admiralty, and said, from his" own connexions in business with it, he was convinced the Admiralty - Board was zealously inclined to promote the true interests of their country j that they did all in their power to put that intention in practice, and that no criminality was imputable to them.

At half after nine the House divided on the amendment; Ayes 73, Noes 143.

The main question was then put nd agreed to; as was also the consequent motion for granting a sum not exceeding 4I. per man, per month, for their maintenance. —1 he House was resumed and adjourned.

December 6.

On bringing up the report from the Committee, of the

vote of 100, 000 seamen, Mr. Huffeyrofe, as he said, to make his amendment again; hut the Speaker informed him, that it was not possible for the House to amend the vote of the Committee by an addition. All grants mud originate in the Committee of Supply. The Honourable Gentleman therefore, if he wished to renew his Amendment, mull move f > r the recommitment of the report. On this Mr. Huffey acquicfctd, and the report was brought up and confirmed.

December 7.

No Debate.

December 10.

No Debate.

Dis.

Np Debate.

C

JL1781.

DEBATES. 117

December 12.

When the order of the day was called for and the House were going into a committee of supply to vote the army,

Sir James Lowtherrofe to make a previous motion; before the House went into a committee to vote the army supplies, it became them to inquire, whether they were to persevere in this war, and feed it with more firitish treasure, and feed it with more British blood } It had been obstinately, fatally pursued, The country was drained, exhausted, dcje&ed.

Their hearts were against it. —They considered it as a struggle against nature, in which every thing was to be ha zarded, and nothing to be got The speech from the throne had given them a most ferioiis alarm; it shewed them that ministers were determined to persevere in spite of calamity; that they were bigotted to the prosecution of the contest, and that more blood and more money was to be lavished *

They saw them going on in opposition to all the experience that they had had; that the surrender of an army only gave them spirit to rijk and to lose a second; and the surrender of a second iniligated them but to venture a third. There was no end of loss, nor of itfadness. Our fleets were every where inferior; two of our armies had been captured, and a stain had been fixed upon our arms, and upon the honour and f ? ith of the nation, by a most cruel article in the capitulation of Lord Cornwallis. They went on from year to year against the voice of the people of England, because they were fatally supported by a set of men whom they paid for the purpose in that House. The general voice of the people of England was against them, and Hill they persevered In such a moment, therefore, to remain longer submissive, would be disgraceful in that House, as well as criminal; they would cease to be the representatives of the people, and become the representatives of the minister. They muff, if they designed to do their duty, and to discharge th ir trust to their constituents, come 10 a specific declaration on the point, and put an end to the war by a peremptory resolution.

It. was for, this reason that he recommended to the House, to declare, " that it is the opinion of this House, that the " war carried on in the colonies and plantations of North " America, has proved ineffectual either to the prote£lion " of his Majesty’s loyal subjects in the said colonies, or for il defeating the dangerous deiigns of our enemies. " And this declaration the honourable Baronet said j would lead to a & -

nS PARLIAMENTARY A. i78t.

cond proposition, which he also purposed to make, and which was, " that it is the opinion of this House, that under the ‘ u present circumstances of the country, all further attempts to reduce the revolted colonies to obedience are contrary " to the true interests of this kingdom, as tending to weaken ", its efforts against its ancient and powerful enemies. ’ He concluded with moving the first proposition.

Mr. Powys. ' Mr. Pozuysrofc to second the motion, and he declared that he did it with the most heartfelt satisfaction, for so convinced had he been of the propriety nd even necessity of such a resolution, that as his honourable friend, from whom on account of his great weight and interest in the county it came with so much more grace, he had determined, unconnc&ed tis he was, to have made it himself, for he most sincerely believed, that it was the only means left to us, in our present situation, by which we could extricate ourselves from our difficulties, and retrieve our rank in Europe. We had persevered in this war against the voice of reason and wisdom, against experience that ought to teach, against calamity that ought to make us feel. It was the idol of his, Majesty’s Ministers, to which they had sacrificed the interests of the empire, andalmost half the territories; They bowed before it, they made the nation bow; they laid that the re - lburces of the empire were not exhausted; they said so, be cause they themselves found no diminution of income. Their annual incomes arose out of the public purse, and in - ftcad of diminishing, they increased with the misfortunes and the impoverishment of the country. The illusion which had filled the minds of some gentlemen with the hope of seeing America reduced to her former obedience to this country w, as now no more; and though at first it might have betrayed honest men into a determination to support the measures of ministers, which had that reduction in view, he could not conceive how it came to pass, that now, when the illusion was at an end, when repeated dilafters. and calamities had proved that the reduction of America, by force, was ira - pta&icable, there could be found a set of honest, independent gentlemen, who could persevere in supporting those measures, by which the empire had been difraembered and destroyed That minjfters should persevere in the mad plan of pursuing the phantom of conquest in America was not at all surprising to him; on the contrary, it was extremely natural; because to the war they owed their situations and their emoluments, and by a peace they must lofc them : hut

A. 1781. DEBATES.

this was not the case of independent gentlemen who supported them; and he was ready to confcfs, that among the friends of administration in that House, he eould reakon some gentlemen of independent fortunes; from what motives, or on what principles, such men continued to support the present administration, he was really at a loss to point out; nay, he could not so much as guess,

€ould it be from experience of their abilities ? alas ! the whole history of the American war was, from one end to the other, one continued proof that fydetn and abilities were not to be found in the management of our force in the Colonies : an army was marched from Canada, and captured at Saratoga another from Charles - towns and surrendered at YoTk - town.

Was it in the drength and number of our allies that they hoped for success from those measures to which they gave ‘their support ? Melancholy reflexion ! We were left to contend alone with our enemies; abandoned by all tht world, we could not find a friend from pole to pole.

There were in this country, at this time, all the signs and tokens of a falling date. The descriptions given of the marks and signs of the decay and fall of a great empire, written by one of the abled hidorians of the present age, was fb applicable to those times, and to this country, that, if the House would give him leave, he would quote the passage. Itdescribed the signs to be, that the government of Rome at this period, the period of its decay, under Valentinian III. " ceased to be formidable abroad, and became odious and " opprefHve at home : that taxes encreased with the poverty1 " of the date; and that the emperors waded the resources " of the empire, in carrying on wars against rebels that " they themselves had made : that the distant parts of the " empire were either opprelfed by their governors intoinfur - ic region and revolt, or left defenccless, a prey to invading " enemies : that the senators were corrupted to abuse their " trud : that discipline was relaxed, measures were weak, 49 changeable, and inconlident; that rninifters were fudered 41 to act without having the confidence of the empire, and " that economy was neglected in proportion as it became necessary. " Thcle, he said, were the signs given by that historian of the declendon and the fall of the empire of Rome. That hidorian ( Mr. Gibbon ), whole enrollment in the administration was the only accefdon of which his Majesty’s mi - aiflers had to boad, h ' ad given ihi$ deferrption : and, in another

no

PARLIAMENTARV.

ther place, speaking of the emperor Honorius, he fays, that it was the fashion of the court, at that time, to refill the voice and the intreaties of the people; and Honorius hiih - fclf was deluded by his officers of ( late into an impolitic declaration, that he was for implacable, eternal war. " The historian lays, that then no misfortunes nor calamities could warn them to delict, but that they persevered, and were ruined. This description was so strong, so expressive, so applicable, that though it was said to belong to Rome, he could not help thinking that it alluded to a nearer country, and a nearer period. He called upon gentlemen to recoiled that the war in which we were engageain America, was not like a war between two rival, or two neighbouring dates, about a barrier or a boundary; a conted which, however k ended, could not detract much from the importance or weight of either. It was a war in which cv6ry conclufioa was against us; in which we had fufFered every thing, without gaining any thing. We weakened no enemy by our efforts. We exhauded no rival by didreffing ourselves; every point of the war was against us. He made some very ingenious remarks on the condull of miniders, with respect to the American war. 4 < It was not, " said they, < c a war of ambition, of avarice, of rancour. We never designed nor wished to reduce America by force. " This was their language; and to maintain this they mud say, that the various expeditions which have been undertaken Were only expeditions of friendship. The attacks of our arms were only a fort of conciliatory proportions. General Burgoyne was only a commissioner of peace. They had no hodile intentions, or at lead hin Majestyfs miniders furnished them with no hodile powers against our fellow - subjects in America. He took notice of th ’ fc, and he took notice of it in this way, because really the whole of the American war bad been a war of delusion, from the beginning to the end. Every promift had been broken, every assertion had been falsified, every object had been completely given up. Miniders had said one thing one day, they had come down, and with grave faces laid the direct contrary the next. It was now a war of this fort, then a war of that fort f now a war of revenue then a war of supremacy; now a war of coercion thenva war of friendship; that ihe people of this country, that House, and particularly the country gentlemen, had been deluded, confounded, abused and cheated. They had found at lad that evafioa but led to evaifton, and trick to trick *

Hit

k

ia i

i

L1781. DEBATES.

His Majesty’s ministers had called it principle to persevere, Firmncf ' s our repeated losses have now more properly converted into obiVnacy; and the attachment to what are called the ancient : > p. c - ples of a party, would, continued any longer, be an evidence of phrenzy. Men, worthy men, doubtless there weit, who on principle had been induced to vote with administration; but could their eyes, in this alarming moment, be shut to the fallacy of their opinions. This was not a time for men to group together, or indulge in the narrow - minded distin&ion of party, when every honed heart and hand in the kingdom should level the pitiful boundaries of reparation, and unite in one powerful body, to avert the wreck with which this unhappy country was so imminently threatened His Majesty’s ministers had said to the Americans, we will restore your old governments, if you will return to your allegiance. How had they shewn their disposition to do this, when a temporary prospect of opportunity occurred ? This fine tempting promise turned out, to be no more than this, —• that they were willing to redore their ancient governors. They embarked Lord Dunmore, and dispatcheS him to his ancient government of Virginia, as a likely miniderial means of conciliating the aftc£tions of the people of that province. He, whole former mild conduct, and easy, amicable mini - ftry, had made them so contented and so happy; but the termination put to our proceedings in Virginia had di ( appointed this well - laid icheme, and a certain clerk, secretary, and colonel Thompson was now sent to reconcile his countrymen to Great - Britain. He called upon gentlemen to say, if there was dill any hopes, after the disader in Virginia; if there was dill any disposition in their minds to go on; what ray of hope was not bladed ! wh it prolpeft had not failed ! what obje£l, as he had said, was not abandoned ! The country gentlenrfen, who had been deceived in the beginning, could be deluded no more. There was no idea of drawing a revenue from that country; there was no idea of alleviating the burthens of Britain, by carrying it qn; there was no other idea, and there could be no other reason, than to preserve the power, the consequence, and the emoluments, which flowed from it.

It was time therefore for Parliament to interfere,. and to prevent that total ruin, which the measures of admirriflration could not fail to bring on if they should remain unchecked : the motion that had been just fnade m ight prevent that ruin; it did not refuse a supply; it did not clog the wheels of go -

122

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

'.

vernment, nor did it criminate any man, or set of men; it had no retrospective tendency; it only asserted a fast, which nobody could dispute; of the truth of which the whole world was perfectly well acquainted : it did not encroach upon the prerogatives of the executive power; it did not take away from the Crown ttie right to distribute the forces of the Rate in whatever manner it should think for the benefit of the people; it went no farther than to say, that among the operations of the war, America should not be the theatre. Surely ministers would not be so weak and ridiculous to set up that old, dale objection, which was used on all occasions, when attempts were made for the good of the public; and that was, that the enemy would, if the motion should be carried, be let into the secrets of the cabinet, and be made acquainted with the future plans of our operations. But this was an idle objection $ it could be meant only to deceive that House, or surely no man in his senses could suppose, that telling the enemy that America shall be no longer the theatre of war, can possibly discover to them where we mean to act with vigour and effect : on the contrary, it would produce this effect, that the enemy, not knowing against what part of their dominions we should direct our attacks, would be alarmed for their safety, and held in a dreadful suspence; but it was farcical to say, that because the war in America should cease, the enemy mufl necessarily know what would be the particular object of attack. Would gentlemen say that the dominions of both branches of the House of Bourbon were such a speck upon the globe, that the moment we fhcathed the sword in America, the French and Spaniards must necessarily know agaiqfl what spot of their territories we might afterwards mean to draw it ? Surely not; for they were vulnerable in a thousand places; and therefore the probable consequence of a ceifation of hostilities in America, would be a general consternation and alarm amongst our European enemies, accompanied with continual apprehen - lions for the safety of their wide - extended dominions. Seeing therefore that there were many powerful reasons for the House to adopt the present resolution; and not being able to foresee one forcible objection to it, he thought he could not better discharge his duty to his country than by giving it his mod hearty support. He liked the wording of it, upon account of its being at once explicit and concise; neither giving any handle to misconception, nor leaving any thing unsaid which it was necessary to say in dip present awful and

123

A. 17. 81 DEBATES.

critical moment : for this reason he highly approved of it; for this reason he warmly recommended it to the House, and he trusted if would be accepted.

Lord North rose, he laid, at so early a period, because on North so important a question, and on so important a day, ' it would naturally be expected that some person in office should give his opinion. He would do it very shortly. The motions of the honourable Baronet, for he would speak to them both; though it was not strictly in order, it, Was yet agreeable to use, as they were both connected, and were to follow one another. With regard to the motions thetnfeives, he could not but acknowledge they were fair, moderate, free from passion, not founded on personal resentment, and therefore, as far as the style of them was in question, perfectly unexceptionable *

How far they were just, how far they were necessary, and how far it was either prudent or politic for the House to accede to them at that moment, were very different confederations.

His Lordship then proceeded. He said, he had no objection to speak out, and give as much satisfaction to the House as it would be prudent for them to expect, or for him to give. The motions, he said, concluded the American war in every shape and form; they prescribed to the executive branch of the legislature the manner of continuing the war; and consequently pointed out to the enemies of this country What were to be the measures, what the system, and what the mode and operations of the war. To so much, he averred, did the second motion extend; for it declared, that all ' attempts to reduce America to obedience by force, would be definitive, &c. Why then, notwithstanding what the honourable gentlemen has said of its being ridiculous and contemptible to set up such an excuse, I must, fays the noble Lord, insist and contend, that the enemy is informed by this means of our future plan, for all our operations are declared to be directed against them solely. They are prepared by our own declaration. Our government, fays he, is more favourable to our enemy in point of affording them information, than if it were more arbitrary; but we enlarge the opportunities, we give them additional advantages, when we proclaim in Parliament how we mean to condu£t bur - selves in our ensuing campaign. He next said, that he should object undoubtedly to the motions, but in giving fc negative to them, he felt himself bound in some degree, and especially, after what passed lately on another occasion, to

Jt U fp « ak

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

speak more out upon the design of the future mode of the prosecution of the war than he was generally accustomed to do, or indeed than it was either wile or politic for a man in a high and responsible office to do, at any time, unless the urgent necessity of the case rendered it impossible for him to make any other election of conduct. He was willing to declare his sincere and honed opinion, Ci that it would not be wife nor right to go on with the American war as we had done, that was to say, to fend armies to traverse from the south to the north of the provinces in their interior parts, as had been done in a late case, and which had failed of producing the intended and the delired effeCl. " He was ready to say so much. It was a declaration attended with some inconvenience, nor would he have made it, even then, had not the estimates of the army, already upon the table, declared as much in the moll clear and express manner, to every gentleman, who would have given himself the trouble to examine them with any degree of attentive perusal. By those estimates gentlemen would find, that the army which the secretary at war meant to alk for, was the same as that ask - cd for last year, with fomc little variation for the East - In - dies; whereas had it been the intention of Government, or had his Majesty’s ministers thought it adviseable, expedient, or wife, circumstanced as the country now was, to prosecute the war continentally, according to the mode of carrying it on hitherto, they mull have applied for a much larger army, as without a very considerable increase of military force, such an idea would have been abl ' urd in the highest extreme, and obviously impracticable. Having laid this, he mull add that he would not agree to the motions of the honourable Bar - ronet, for they put an end to the American war in every lhape, and crippled the hands of Government even in other respeas; for, by the clear and expressive words of the motion, they could not carry on even a war with the other powers in that part. It would be difficult, and impossible to say, what would and what would not be called the American war; or rather, what would no be called a war, to reduce the Americans to obedience.

The honourable gentleman who seconded the motion had said, that he did not wish to take from the executive powep its conftttutional right to distribute the force of the empire; and he had laid very properly; but was he clear, that the hands of the execute power would not be tied up by the second resolution, from availing itself of even the most favourable conjuncture, to strike a blow in America, if such a

conjunClur *

DEBATES.

A. 1781.

conjuncture should offer ? for by this resolution the war was completely to die away in that country; and not to be revived again, in any shape, or on any pretence whatever His Lordship went into an examination of the motion, were it carried, either with regard to peace or war. In the first place he observed, that the wording of it was so general and and loose, that he trusted the House would, on that account, never agree to it. The words of the second motion, were to resolve against " all further attempts to reduce the American provinces to obedience by force. " All efforts ! said his Lordship, is the government of the country then to have its hands tied up by sea and land ! They mull not retain any polls in the colonies certainly, for that would evidently be said to tend to reduce the Americans to obedience by force; and did not gentlemen perceive the necessity that there might be for retaining certain polls in America, for the convenience even of carry ing on the war against France and Spain. Mull you not have ports and harbours there, to give you an opportunity of acting on the leas ? And would gentlemen tie up the hands of Government from oc - cupying those polls in America ? Surely not. Did gentlemen foresee the consequences ? Were we to give up all our polls in America, and totally withdraw our troops ? Or were we to preserve some polls ? He knew that there were different opinions on that head; let gentlemen speak out : would they have all the troops withdrawn, and the polls given up ? He was satisfied that few indeed would avise such ameasure; then if polls were to be maintained, they mull be defended if attacked, and this might surely be called war in America; was such a war to be renounced ? Surely nor, as long as we were determined to preserve our polls, and these polls ought to be preserved for several reasons, we had friends and subjects within our lines, who contributed to con - fume our manufactures, and we had trade which would be injured by the loss of our polls : might not Rhode island be taken as a poll in the ensuing summer, if found more convenient, more tenable, and more useful than New - York ? Again, were gentlemen’s minds made up as to Charles - town and Halifax ? All these were in his opinion important con - fidcrations, and required very serious discussion, but which would be wholly mut out from future coniideration if the present motion was agreed to If we keep these pods, we mull garrison them, and as long as they are garrisoned, we mull be liable to attacks, and consequently be under a ne -

celliry.

« S

I2&

attacked, for it would be madness indeed to tie upthefwords of our forces, and prevent them from acting even on thedc - fteniive; this would be /m unpardonable piece of absurdity in us, but still it would be an absurdity that the resolution ' would warrant. But this was not all; it absolutely prohibited Government from acting even against the armed ships " and the privateers of America; for to lo much it went, if he J mu ft take the terms of the motion for his guide r c < all at tempts to reduce America to obedience by force, " included every species of operation that could be contrived; were gentlemen prepared to go this length ? were they readr to order the British Blips to suffer themselves to be insulted, - beaten, taken by the American cruisers without strikinga blow ? Was it thus that gentlemen wished to preserve the honour of the British flag ? Would America consent to this { i new scheme ? Would they remain inactive when we became lo ? — Without knowing what America would do, we must } withdraw our armies, withdraw our ships, give up to them I all their ports, open to them all the seas, suffer them to give I what encouragement or what assistance they pleased to the 1 enemies of this country, while we are tied up by a resolution 1; of Parliament, from acting in oppofltion to them in any way. And what effect would the resolution produce with respect either to peace or our future operations ? Would j any gentleman take upon him to say, that the moil eflb&oal. way to render an enemy tractable, and make him reason - 3 able with respect to terms of peace, would be to declare, that we would not fight him any more ? In his opinion, the : arrogance and haughtiness of the Americans would rife in proportion as we should link into despair; and that therefore it would be the worst measure in the world towards ob -; tabling an honourable peace, to say that wc will totally renounce the war.

The consequences of the resolution would not be less pre - ! judicial to our interests, with respect to war; for to keep our troops in America, without suffering them to act, would be l ' upporting them only for the purpose of parade, or swallow - ing up the treasure of the nation, while they could be of no one possible advantage to us, their swords being all tied up. And would not even the Americans be ready to meet us in the West - Indies, and to turn all their force to that quarter, of the world ? Did gentlemen wish to see the common enemy alt in that manner ? If they did not, they could not be

friends

A - 17S1,

DEBATES.

i 7

friends to the second resolution, If they wished only for a pro inife, or information that no offensive war should be carried oa in America, as it had in the last and former campaigns, he had already given all the satisfaction on that head, which it would be prudent either in them to afle, or in him to give j it certainly was not in the intention of ministers to pursue the war in future in America as it had been last campaign by marching armies through the colonies; this he thought might satisfy gentlemen; but more he ought not to say, or the House to hear.

It was therefore his opinion, that to adopt the motions would be the heigth of impolicy and of absurdity. If it was not the meaning of the honourable Baronet, and of the gen tlemen on the other fide of the House, to put an end to the American war intoto, and by doing so to prevent us from keeping pods, from fighting American privateers, and even from acting on the defensive : if they did not mean all that he had said, he could only observe that so much would their motion bear to be drawn from it; and he was sure that if he had brought in such a motion, and had given it a left extensive explanation, it would have been called IhufTling, twilling, turning, and evading, in order to delude the House. The honourable gentleman had said that his Majesty’s ministers were afluated by ambition, and by avarice; and while their incomes accrued from the public purse, they did not think that the resources of the country were exhaufled. He did not wish to make people entertain a favourable opinion of him, in particular, and of his disinterestedness, and of his purity. He could only fav, with respect to his income, that he would readily and freely give it all, both what came from the public purse, and what was his private purse, to feeafpeedy, honourable, and advantageous conclusion put to this war. It was said to be a war abhorred by the country, and tiifagreeable to all. He could assure the honourable gentleman, that there wa3 no man lamented the war more thanhimself 5 for of all the persons in this country to whom the war was disagreeable and incopvenient, he was convinced that it was the mod disagreeable and inconvenient to himself. The honourable gentleman had allowed, that there were some honourable and independent members, country gentlemen, who had supported his Majesty’s ministers ip this war; it was very true, they had been supported by country gentlemen, independent in their fortunes, in their rank, in their character, who thought that his Majesty ’ s

ministers

12$

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781/

ministers were actuated by a laudable, virtuous desire of 1 preferring the just authority of Parliament, and who therefore gave them their support. They saw and believed that it was a truly British war, carried on on British principles, and for the true and ultimate interests of Britain. He assured the House, that without such support he would have never gone on with the war. He thought it all along a grievous neccfiity to which they were impelled, and far from being, as was suggested, a war of ambition, or of avarice, or of pride, or of rancour. In regard to the motions, as he had laid, they were improper, unfit to be complied with; the estimates for the army were on the table; the order of the day was for going into a committee upon them, and then gentlemen would have an opportunity of seeing that I no substitution was demanded to replace the army loft in Virginia, and that as no farther supply of men was asked I for the service of the current year, it could not pcftibly be the intention of Government to proceed in the war with America on the fame scale, and with the fame plan, as they had done hitherto. This he thought should fufhee gentlemen who were dissatisfied with that method, since it shewed j them to a certainty, or next to a certainty, that it was to be conduced on a less extensive scale. If they had meant to 1 continue the plan of last year, they would certainly have ' asked for more troops; as it was, they asked for fewer, in fact for that service} and if gentlemen would look at the arrangements 011 the estimates, they would fee this fa&

For these reasons, therefore, he must move " That the order of the day be now read. "

Sir Fletcher Sir Fletcher Norton spoke in answer to the noble Lord. He

Norton. said the motions were made bccause they could not trust his Majesty’s ministers. The noble Lord said they were not to traverse, as they had done, from the South to the North; and that they had not asked for a force to carry on such a " war : but what security had the Parliament or the nation for any afiertion of this fort ? Had not these ministers, these very identical ministers, pursued this traversing £ heme from year to year, against the voice and against the wish of the people ? Had not the feheme of 1781 been the feheme of 17H0 ? Had not the feheme of 1780 been the feheme of 1779 ? Had not the surrender of the army at Saratoga only Jed to the surrender of the army at York - town ? Had they not pepfevered, in spite of experience, in opposition to all that wisdom could teach ? Had they not gone against hope,

against

A; iDEBATES,

against reason, against probability ? and they now asked the representatives of the people to trust them further. The noble Lord had declared, that he did not mean to carry on the war in future, by marching armies through the colonies of America, as had been unfortunately the system for some time past. But what security had they for the declarations being made good } One of the King’s servants had thrown out such an idea in the course of his speech; but who knew what opinion was entertained by the rest of the cabinet ? Was want of unanimity among the ministers, among the King’s servants, so uncommon a circumstance ? Besides, what fort of language was held in the speech of the minister at the opening of the fession ? A language diametrically opposite. The Speech called upon the House to pursue the American war, and the Address pledged the House to comply with the desire of the Speech. How then were they to reconcile ip contrary a conduct ? The noble Lord seemed to suppose the motions unneceflavy after his declaration. The fa& was as he had said, they would not trust ministers, and therefore the motion was brbught forward that they might have a ipe - cific vote and declaration of the House, that this mad and impolitic war should be no longer proceeded in; and it was his firm sentiment, that until this was done not a fingte ihil - ling of money should be voted as a supply to his Majesty. The noble Lord had argued that the second proposition was foextenfive as to put an end, not only to all offensive operations against the Americans, but asked if ’ it did not put an end to all defensive measures, and even tended to prevent our ships from fighting the American cruisers should they eveh attack us. The noble Lord knew that his question was ridiculous; he knew that the motions had no reference whatever to any naval operations : all that the honourable gentleman wanted was for the House to declare, that they would no longer pur - file the object of the war. They prescribed ho particular mode; they went {imply to this fact : involved as you are, in a war with France, Spain, and Holland, do not waste your strength and resources in a mad attempt upon America. Had the motions any such view as the noble Lord supposed, they would then indeed have an unconditional tendency, and would aiTurae n direction of business which was th proper province of the executive branch o$ government. The mode of carrying on the war was a matter solely for the Kingss cabinet to determine. He and other gentlemen might possibly have their opinion on the subject but certainly rt Vol. V, S was

3 * PARLIAMENT ARV

' #ras not for them to suggest advice upon it to adtainistration; the constitution had placed the responsibility for the met sures of government on their shoulders, and there it o ght to rest. The noble Lord had contended against the motions, that they would convey information to the enemy where we should aim the next blow at their possessions; so that the noble Lord had laboured to prove to the House, that a negative vote would have an affirmative effeS : was this the noble Lord’s logic ? if it Was, perhaps the noble Lord in the blue ribbon was the only man to be found who would suppcxrt such an argument. Would any man say, that a refo - Iution to abandon a war in one part of the globe, was a declaration in what other part of the world it was meant to be carried on ? Certainly no man in his senses would maintain io absurd a poiuion. If the enemies possessions were cir - cumscribed, if the {cope of our operations was small, there would be {bme reason for saying that a declaration of a purpose to go to war with the enemy, Was to point out where the held of action was to be; but here, where we were engaged with so many enemies, to argue, that by declaring we should not fight with America was to give notice where we should attack Franee, and where Spain, and where. Holland, was paidile to the last degree.

He said, that from the bad tendency of the American war, from the continual decrease of our trade and commerce, ever lince it was commenced, from the fruitless expenditure of so many millions, from the loss of so much blood, from the diminished and degraded {late of thfc empire, he had not a doubt left on his mind, and be was convinced every man, who would seriously lay his hand on his heirt, and alk himself that question, would coincide with him in opinioo, tbit the constitutienal interference of that House was absolutely necessary.

jjr. w Mr. JVeibore Ellis was of a Very different opinio and he JS thought that the House, m adopting the resolution, would be guilty of a political suicide. The right hon member, who had gone before him, fcas not certainly grounded, in saying that coming to one negative did not aevelope all the affirmative parts of our plans : in his opinion, the right hon. gentleman was mistaken; for if we should say, in the face of the world, we will no longer continue the war m America, this negative would be tantamount to this affirmation - - ’ e will turn all our force against the inlands Of our enemies in the West - Indies, and then let our enemies in

F ranee

131

A. 1781. DERATES.

and Spain take notice that ' we intend to meet them there, where, from this timely notice, we hope they will be pre pared to receive us. As to the withdrawing the troops iq tally from America, it was a measure to which he could not, for one, give consent. It had always been a favourite maxim t > f policy with this country, to keep the war at a distanc from home t this maxim could be pursued in the prefect war, but by keeping the troops in America; whereby the Americans would be kept at bay, and prevented from enlarging their views.

If the troops should be kept in America, it would be folly in the extreme to tie up their hands by such a resolution as the present; for circumstances might occur in which we ought td make flying expeditions, and have a fleet arriving upon that caaft : the resolution, therefore, could answer no other purpose than that of preventing us from availing our - selves of circumstances to annoy the enemy, when wc could do it with most advantage to ourselves. It was aKoiutely necessary that we should have posts in America, and harbours, even for the prosecution of the French and Spanish war : fejuadrons and ships could not occupy the seas without hiving ports to repair in Were gentlemen inclined to deprive us of that advantage ? He could not persuade himself that the gentlemen who supported the motions had maturely considered the conferences that would attend the carriage of them Into a resolution of the House. The first evil that struck him as the result of such an event, would be the fall of our West - India islands into the hands of the enemy; for if the hands of the executive power were in a manner bound up by a resolution of that House from acts of hostility against America, without any cohdition or previous negotiation with them for a certain pacification, what could possibly prevent them from feizng on our possessions in the neighbourhood of the continent ? Nothing. On the contrary, mif - tnken gratitude to their good allies ( as they are fond of {tiling them ) and a confidence in their delusions, from so weak a flep as this now recommended, would doubtless urge them tp direct their utmost force, when left unrestrained, to do us all the mischief they could in every part of our dependencies and we should have the mortification to see the French ana Americans joined in the West - Indies, or perhaps joined in the Channel.

The honourable John Townshend reprobated, in most severe Hon. John

terms, the total misconduct, ignorance, and mad qbftinacy Townftena

S % of

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781. 1

his Majesty’s ministers; and exhorted the House, by every consideration of duty and attachment to this country, to agree to the motions before the House, as the only practicable means of putting an end to the accursed arid ruinous war with our Colonies. He said, that, notwithstanding the titter impracticability of the accursed and ruinous war with the Colonies, yet "

The Douglas and the Hotspur, both together.

Were confident against the world in arms. T;

The noble Lord in the blue ribbon, and the noble Lord,

the secretary for the American department, were determined to persevere, in spite of opposition. They were obstinately leagued together, bent on the pursuit of this mad war against : their country, and against every, thing that ought to be dear to men '. I

The noble Lords in administration had the preemption to J ask further confidence and further supplies from that House, ' nd to expeCf that a jufHy exalperated nation would still remain patient under their misfortunes, and submit to further insults and injuries. Heaferibed the disgracesthat had attended. his Majesty’s arms to the weakness and wickedness of adminif - 1 tration, who had plunged this nation into an unnecessary war, which they had conduced in so wretched a manner, that it proved, beyond all argument, their utter incapacity to govern this or any othercountry, under any circumstances, much left to be entrusted in a moment of so much critical hazard as the prefect; and he was ready to declare it as his firm and honest opinion, that they had begun this war and persevered in it from base and unwarrantable motives; from the luftof wealth and power, to which they sacrificed the interests of their country. This was his true opinion, and had been so for a long time. He mentioned the petitions and remonstrances of the people, and asked if it was confident with the duty of that House to act in direct contradiction to the known wishes of their constituents ? He returned his thanks to the hon. baronet who had made the present motion, nd to the honourable gentleman who had so ably seconded it; and as it appeared to him likely to meet the desires of the people, and answer a good purpose, by giving our natural enemies to know, that the British House of Commons had expressly abandoned the mad and Quixote idea of fuhduing America to obedience by force, he would certainly give it his hearty jsupport.

' Mr,

A. 1781. DEBATES. 33

Mr. y, Grenville followed the lad honourable speakeft nearly on the fame grounds; and in the course of his speech quoted feme words which the late Lord Chatham had let fall in the House of Lords upon the unfortunate affair at Sara toga, when he called upon Parliament to relinquish this mad war : "What ! " laid that great man, " has some dreadful inundation, has some tremendous earthquake swallowed half the empire, that the nation should stand thus deprived of sense and motion ! "—But what would have been the feelings, what would have been the expressions of that eloquent patriot, had he lived to fee a second Saratoga business, ( till more definitive and terrible in its consequenees than that which was then before his eyes ! His sympathetic bosom, which beat ever in unison with the pulse of the commonwealth, would have been too full for utterance on so calamitous an occa - hon. It would have, by its smothered griefs, bade you pur - fuethe measure, which is now so wifely, and after so much melancholy experience, offered to the consideration of the House. In this persuasion, said he, I offer my flender support to these motions, by the success of which, at this crius, we can alone hope for safety.

Sir Edward Dccring spoke on the other fide, and expressed Sir his confidence in the present ministers. He declared, when Peering, he came down to the House, he was entirely undetermined which way he should vote. The House, and the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, knew that he had both spoken and voted against him, when he thought him wron i in his measures; and he would have done so that day, had not the noble Lord made the declaration which the House had so lately heard. He considered himself to be an independent man. He was a country gentleman; and he believed that he was as incapable as any man in that House of giving support to measures of which he disapproved. He thought what the noble Lo. d had said was perfectly satisfactory. He had all along supported the noble Lord in the blue ribbon in the prosecution of the American war, because he considered the commencement of the war to have been just and necdTary; and because he had hoped that it was possible to have brought it to a happy conclusion. But as people in general were tired of the expence, and the burthens that expence occasioned, he thought the noble Lord in the blue ribbon had a£ied wifely in declaring that he meant to change the mode of carrying it on. That the noble Lord had spoken out, and had no reserve, was evident from the army estimates;

P ARLI AMENTA RY ijii

for though he had not himself taken the trouble to examine them, he was informed that there was scarcely other differ fence or encrease but that of the force for the East - Iodiei. ri Gentlemen on the other fide often made very free with the poble Lord and the rest of the miaifters, and confurtd their conduit without the smallei ! allowance; but ho observed fhofe gentlemen neither came forward with any new plan of adminifhation, nor proposed any new system of meafoxcs, '. - t : He would not impute the American war to theprcfent mini - flers; he stated it from the repeal of the Stamp - ad, and her - - snembered that at that very period he heard many wiser people j - - than himself say, that the repeal of the Stamp ask would be pro r; j du&ive of numberless evils to this country; and to shew the - 3 House that he was what he had said, an independent country n gentleman, he would mention a faffc : He was tiered by the ! -; then Minister ( bmething handfotne for a friend; he declined accepting it, saying, that he did not like to receive a fayow; r from a man, to whom for that favour he should be bound ia gratitude, and whom perhaps the next day he should find •, himself bound by his duty to censure as a minister The noble Lord had blamed himself for speaking too openly; ia his opinion he had not said too much; for the people now seemed tired of the American, war, and therefore the noble Lord had done well to tell them > that he did not mean to prosecute it as he had dpne in the last campaign, Gentlemen i thought, and it was said out of doors, that the government was a tory administration; but he knew to the contrary; > the present ministers were as virtuous, of as independent -. fortunes, and as good Whigs as any in the nation, and there ? fore should meet nis suppor *.

’ Lord Maitland said, that, in considering the present quefe, tion, he should endeavour to forget the numberless disasters which had befallen us during the course of this unfortunate administration, and confine himself merely to views of the j present moment; he then took a minute/urvey of the pof - j ture of our affairs at this crisis, and placed, by a fine profo - j popqeia. Great - Britain at the feet of the House, deploring ] her sufferings, and supplicating their prote&ion from farther insults and distreffes. The noble Lord spoke with great feeling on the calamities of the empire. He said, that those men who Had brought us to the state in which we were at present, came into life at a time when the arms of their country were carried to an unprecedented heigth of splendor and glory; when the empire was under the benefit of wife

counsels

JL 1 ) 8 u DEBATES.

cduflfeh and of a vigorous fyfteth; grfctt and ( respectable abroad; opulent and happy at home. : When her trade to - veted every fci and filled every port in the world, and whet her navy claimed and enjoyed the proud and enviable domi cion of the seas. They came into life with gay pfofpe&t and With pleasing hopes; but how different was his fate, and the fate of those who with him entered into life ill the pot feat moment. They came into life at a time when their country was perhaps upon the eve of dissolution; when it certainly was fatten from the high condition in which it stood hot a few years before; and when every proiipcd of grandeur was vanished; when every incitement to great and laudible ambition was extinguished, and they had not even the consolation to believe that the efforts of their youth could snatch their country from its imptnding ruin. These men who had come forward in happier times, and who had flourished in the sunshine of our fortune, would undoubtedly have their regret in observing, that their country, lilac them ftlves, was in its decay and approaching to its diffblutioiw They Would have their feeling; but wiiat muff be the affliction, what the indignation of ( hose young men just entering into life with the warm hopes of enjoying the fplen - dour and the happiness attendant on him who could boaff himself the tnemberof the greateff and the freed empire on the earth, deprived in his very outlet of this enjoyment, of his birth - right, Of his privileges, of all that education bad taught him to reference and to love ! He was not much acto - aished at feeinghrs Majesty’s miniffers supported in the very Word and mad deft of their schemes by old men, for age contracted its feififhness, and surveying its approaching end, might be little anxious about the decline of the fair fabric which they muff in the brevity of human possession very ihortly rehnejoifh $ but he was aflonished and confounded at seeing his Majesty’s miniffers supported by any man blest with the generous paifions, and warmed with the rich ambition of youth; he wondered how a young man could be found so indifferent, or ib corrupt as to think of the present miniffers Without abhorrence and indignation. To these miniffers they muff aferibe the decay and the fall of the empire; to them they muff attribute die k > fs of their inheritance; they had taken from them the field of honourable ambition, and had, with the reduction of the empire, annihilated ail their prospects.

The noble Lord represended in warm language the fyf - tem of meafisres, and approved of the proposed motions, as they tended to bring about an immediate and thorough

change

' t# PARLIAMENTARY A. Vjiu

change. The ministers, lie said, falsely and wickedly declared the American war to have been popular in its origin. Was it popular ? Did the great body of the people approve of the unconstitutional principle leaaing to a definitive end )

. He believed not. But if it were so, which he could by no means allow, it was rendered popular by delusion. They cheated the nation by a thousand misrepresentations, by a - thousand false stories and false promises; and a part of the people were deceived, and did acquiesce in the iniquitous fyf - tem. But if they began it, because it was popular, they ought now to conclude it, because it had ceased to be so .; Whatever doubt there might be of the original popularity, ' there could be none of the present abhorrence. Abandon j the war then, ye ministers who make the assertion. It is now ' universally unpopular. From one end of the kingdom to the the other people are impoverished and clamorous. To that war; and to your measures they aferibe all their calamities ! The noble Lord said there was a maxim in the British confutation, contrived for the wisest purpose, " That the king could do no wrong. " This made the ministers responsible for every measure of government, as they in fad and in justice ought to be; but the present administration had reversed j this wife maxim. They had endeavoured to change respon - ! fibility from where it should lie to where it should not. They had converted acquiescence into counsel, and said the people arc responsible for all the consequences of the American war, because they approved of it in its origin. Hear this, ye deluded people of Great Britain ! Because you did not rife in the outset of this mad career, and pull those men from the feats which they have filled to your misfortune, they aferibe to you the calamities that they have brought upon the country ! The noble Lord treated this idea with great energy, and concluded with a warm appeal to the House, to do that at last which they ought to have done at first, to hold a bold, constitutional language to those ministers, and tell them, Thus far you have gone with our tame acquiescence, but do not dare to provoke ns farther. If you reje£t our advice, you may feel our vengeance.

Mr. Cfhert ' M, -. Calvert said, that treaties to be binding, ought to be mutual : in all treaties of peace, there were two or more contracting parties, and that if one party in the war was not as willing to make peace as the other, it was next to an impossibility for a safe peace to take place. The present motion struck him as a declaration,

*,. oa

37

A. 1781. DEBATES.

on the part of Great - Britain, that ( he would lay down her arms against the Americans, which would at once not only prove her incapacity to reduce her rebellious colonists to obedience, but would be an all of political despair, that could not fail to increase the ardour of her natural foes, and lend a l ' pirit to their hostile enterprizes against her, which rauft be extremely prejudicial to the interests of this country. If America had expressed a pacific disposition, the measure now proposed to the House, would be less unjustifiable; but, as that was not the case, he could : not but conceive, that the House’s agreeing to the resolution, would cement the union between France and America more strongly, and render a dissolution of that union a matter utterly impracticable.

General Burgoyne said, that he hoped he should not be ac - Gen. Bur *

cufed of pedantry, if he should make use of an allusion to a 8 ° yfte practice very common in war, and compare it to the conduit and reasoning of the minister : the practice was to set fire to a great quantity of wet and damaged ( lores, in order to blind the enemy with the smoke, and make them think that some great works were carrying on behind the fire; but when the linoke was blown away, it often appeared that nothing of consequence had been done, and that it had been merely a manoeuvre to cover a change of place or to gain time; so with ministers, they made a great smoke in argument, but it meant just nothing. Asafoldicr, he wi filed to consider the question before the House in a military point of view; and he would submit it to any soldier in the House, whether pods eonld be kept up in Am ica without an offensive war

A place d ’ armes could be of use only to serve as an inlet into the country; was it in this point of view that New - York was to be seen ? It was; then of course it must be pronounced a nursery for an offensive war. A place d ’ armes might also be established for the purpose of securing the navigation of some strait, such as Calais of old might have been, when in the fame hands with Dover, to prevent the communication of other nations between the Britishi Channel and the German ocean : but were we going to establish such a species of place d ’ armes at three thousand miles distance from England, while the most famous place of anus of the like nature was on the point of being wrested from us ? perhaps when we should have established a place d ’ armes at New - York, we might have reason to say Illium ! Gibraltar is no more : that important fortress was left to the mercy of the enemy, while we were pursuing the wildcft Vol. V. T fehemes

PARLIAMENTARY a. 1781.

schetaes in America; and he verily believed that there had been a time when it would cod the whole cabinet their heads to have left Gibraltar exposed as much as this ministry had done.

He tonfiefled that in the glorious administrntion of Lord Chatham, that g eat minister had formed a deligu of clta - blishing a place dTarmes at Belleifle; by which he intended to keep in constant alarm the whole coast of France from Bayonne to Bourdeaux, and with seventeen or twenty thousand men make a great divcriion in favour of the forces in Germany from which place he expected to be able to force the French to withdraw a greater part of their army; but it ought to be remembered than when the plan was formed, the British flag was triumphant in every quarter of the globe, and was fecn flying even in the bays of France; and therefore, if it was only the dominion of the sea that itiade such a project practicable, the like ought not to be undertaken now, when it was conftfl ' ed not only that our navy was inferior to that of the enemy, but altb that it Was not in the nature of things that it should be otherwise.

It might be laid, these were military observations, but they were adJrelfed to a military secretary of Rate; the country had not forgot that he had been a 1 tidier; the country feels he is a councilor.

He had not touched, in any thing he had said, upon the principle of the war. The impracticability of it was a iulficient justilication for supporting the present motion. Ilut he would not fit down without one word upon the part, which it might be remembered, he took upon the opening of the ( Jifnute. When he was called to the service in America, he went to it reluctantly; but he confessed not with a repugnance to the principle of the contest. He had then considered it only upon the ground of taxing the cob nics by the King in Parliament, in opposition to the mode of taxation by requisition of the Crown, and he then thought it the Whig tide of the question. Had he been convinced of his error, by retlection only, ho should have thought it his duty in that House to make a public recantation; and should every man, under the fame conviction of error, follow that principle, he should have no doubt of the success of the en - fuingdiviflon. But, Sir, fays he, I am a convert on broader ground; I am convinced, upon comparing the conduct of ministers, as time has developed their fyltem, that the Ame - tican war was but part of a general design levelled again ! ! rife

con&itutitB

L

39

4# 1781. DEBATES.

constitution of this country, and the general rights of mankind. I have further demonstration, the conviction of a whole people. Pafiion and prejudice, and interest, may operate suddenly and partially; but when we fee one principle pervading the whole continent, and daring, through difficulty and death, for a course of years, it muff be a strong vanity and preemption in our own mi mis to luppose they ace not right. It is reason, and the finger of God alone, that implants the fame sentiment in three millions of people.

I aftert the truth of that fa£l, against all that art or contrivance can produce to the contrary.

It would be impertinent in hini, he said, to enter into the refutation of the other arguments which had been so ably refuted by others; he adhered to the principle upon which he set out, that, declaring a design of maintaining polls of, the nature of New - York, was declaring a dciign of offensive war; qt, were he to be combated upon that principle, it mull {till be admitted, that such a maintenance of poles would be an improvident and a prepofterons war, and thus convinced, he gave his hearty concurrence to the motion.

Sir fVmDolbcn said, that the resolutions were moderate, si, W. DoU

temperate, and senatorial; they criminated no person; they ben. had no retrospect; but, as they ought to do, looked forward : however he was of opinion that the first contained too melancholy a truth, to go out to the world under1 the sanction and authority of the House; and the second he thought was premature, as an army was at all events necessary; and the army ought to be voted before the executive power should he directed not to employ any part of it in America. Gentlemen seemed to differ on the meaning of 1 ' ome particular words in the resolutions : he wiihecl that both iides of the House could come to proper understanding on the subject.

Let gentlemen explain themselves. Did they mean by the second resolution to preclude all naval operations against America ? If they did not let them say lb. If they wished to have the posts all given up, and the forces all withdrawn from America, let them declare themselves openly, and not bring a resolution which would admit of a different interpretation. If he undetstood the honourable gentleman rightly, who had so ably leconded the honourable Baronet’s motion, his wish was to have the Minister give that House a satisfactory assurance that government would not persist in prole - cuting that mad and frantic war, the war with America, in aa rffenftve manner, by marching armies against the colo -

T 2 niffs.

l4 ° PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

nifts, as had been the plan of the last campaign. Sir William laid, that the declaration of the noble Lord in the blue ribband appeared to him to be tantamount to an assurance fully answerable to the honourable gentleman’s expe£lation.

He confessed the noble Lord had satisfied his mind, and bad induced him to give his consent to the subsequent motion for 1 reading the order of the day. If the noble Lord had not given that assurance, but had left the House in the dark with ~ respect to the future system, he should certainly have voted for the motions, for he was heartily tired of the American war.

Mr. Powyt. Mr Powysrofe in explanation; he said that nothing but 1 sophistry itself could have twitted plain words to such per - 2 vcrfe meanings as the friends of administration had done with I regard to the honourable Baroness motions. No man in his - 1 senses would seriously presume from them, that if the Americans should, on our cefiation, continue their hostile condutt, that our hands were bound up from re - action.

Col. Barre. Col. Barresaid, that the arguments used on the other fi < lp of the House, and the estimates, were delusive and imposing.

The estimates for the plantations were for six thousand odd hundreds fewer soldiers than for the last year; but then the numbers for garrisons more; and for the East - Indies about nine thousand. Now it was well known, that though these men should be voted for India, the executive power had an 1 - undoubted right to change their destination; and, if thought proper, to fend the nine thousand to America; and therefore, without such a resolution, as had been proposed, there was no security whatsoever that the American war was not to be carried on to the full extent that it had been for years past. The estimates. Were in themselves the most scandalous that had ever been calculated or framed to impose on a nation. They gave us an army on paper, the half of which we bad never been able to find in actual service; nay, it never had existed; and though millions upon millions had been voted for those soldiers on paper, those non - entities, yet no account had ever been given of the expenditure.

From the army he went to the navy. Our force, he said, had been stated at ninety - two ships of the line in commission, just fix less than we had last year, though he could not learn that wc had loft more than five during xhe year. Of j those ninety - two, five were guard - ships; this reduced our, force to eighty - seven; of these five were to be paid off, then there would remain but eighty - two; and of these eighty - two

he

A. 1781, DEBATES. 141

he could name five that were in very bad condition; so that in fact, the number of our effective ships of the line would be but seventy - seven; a force barely superior to that of France, but infinitely inferior to that ' of the House of Bourbon united.

He couid not suppose that it would be in our power to maintain our pods in America on their present enlarged scale, Charles - town was between seven and eight hundred miles from New - York; New - York about the fame didance from Halifax; and Halifax about eleven hundred miles from Quebec; these three polls, if the two lad, which were in fad colonies, could be called pods, were certainly at too great a didance to be supported against the efforts of all America; he would not, however, say at this moment that New - York ought to be abandoned; though perhaps he might think Rhode - Island a more proper place for a pod; and he could not be so absurd as to say that if ministers should direct their deets and armies against it, that such a measure would be an attempt to subdue America by force. He laid, that miniders, who had the intelligence, ought to know bed what pods to keep, and what to abandon on the coast. of America. He would, in his situation, point out no particular pods as proper or fit to be kept, or to be evacuated.

It was a critical thing, but he saw now, after seven years trial, it was come to what he pronounced in the outlet it would be, a war of pods. He condemned the minidry for their conduct, in plain, specific terms. He could never forget that they had lod thirteen provinces; thirteen provinces delivered to them in trud, to be kept for their king and for their country. These thirteen provinces they had lod, he was afraid, for ever.

The nation mud cherish and unite all that remained of our empire, the people of Ireland, that glorious people he mull call them, who had so nobly armed in their own defence, ought to be taken to our bosom, and all their grievances redrelfed; they. had pointed oiit to us what we ought to do, every man in the nation ought to be in arms, and then all our hirelings, whether soldiers or seamen, should be ' fenton board our fleets, where they ought to be, in order to restore the honour of their country’s flag; nay, every man of the island ought to be on board, ff the sea is lod, all is loft. We mud regain our dominion. It used to be our native empire, where an Englishmen was not only safe, but proud. He was the sovereign of the ocean, and he mud be

142 PARLIAMENTARY A. 2781.

so still. If it must not be our empire, it ought be our grave. Nothing but union could lave us. His Majesty’s ministers, instead of striving to frame a government of unanimity and consent, had begun with dividing us at home before they embroiled us abroad. Unlike the great and glorious mini - flerof the lad war; he began with reconciling our own dif - agreements, quieting faction, conciliating the minds of ali. In framing his admin iteration he looked to every corner of the kingdom for talents; he felc&ed from all tides men of the moil powerful minds. He fotmed a phalanx out of divided factions; drew into one huge mass the ability of all parties; there he set his foot, and from that basis he Ihook the world around him.

Mr. Secre - Mr. Secretary at JVar blamed Colonel Barre for not specifying the articles which made the estimates scandalous. Some of the regiments were certainly low; they must be so, but they were not therefore to be left out. He objected to the motions for giving up the American war. Gentlemen. might easily perceive from the estimates, that it was not the

intention of his Majesty’s ministers to carry on the American war as it had been. It was true, as had been observed by the right honourable gentleman, that the distribution of the army might be changed by the executive government, but undoubtedly the numbers aiked for the several departments were not more than they required - Mr. Fcx. Mr. Fox could not agree with gentlemen who would confine the eyes of Parliament to a forward view of matters, neglecting 2 retrofped. He said he could only judge of the future by a confederation of the past. To thoie who af - 1 ’ erted the impolicy of the motion, on the score of its intention of unconditionally withdrawing our forces from attacking the Americans, he answered, that no other prudent raea - ftire could, in the nature of things, be adopted; since the Americans could not make the first overtures to us, without madly rendering themselves fulpe&ed by their new allies; whereas if we began the pacification first, it would tend not only to give them a confidence in us, but also to fow doubts and jealoulies in the breasts of the French and Spaniards, with regard to the strength of a connexion that they must be certain would never have existed, were it not for dire ne - ceflity. He described, in very strong colours, the misfortunes that must accrue from a war of polls. He said, that if New - York, for instance, w s made a post, it would require fifteen thousand men to garreion it, belidcs a number

U.

43

A. i ? Bi « DEBATES.

of ships, for without ships he understood it would not be life. So much force then would be detached from the active business and the theatre of the war, and we should be rendered so much weaker in all expeditions that could be valuable. But this was not all, experience had told us that the garrison could not be supplied with provisions, even much less with stores and amunition in America. They must be regularly supplied from Europe, and not having the superi - Onty at sea, the whole fleet of Britain must be employed in conveying the transports to and from New - York. To do this, and to relieve Gibraltar would lie the great operation of every campaign, and we should have Gazettes extraordinary publishiitg the triumph of our escapes, and 6f wonderful success in avoiding, or in brushing past the enemy.

Such, alas ! were the triumphs of the present ministry. ft Was not their boast that they had brought home eonquests to their own country; that they had taken the islands of our { fcntmics; that they had crippled their fleets, or destroyed; their operations. No; all their pride and their loud triumph Was : " we have relieved Gibraltar, " and when this war of pods was instituted, it would be : u we have relieved New - York. " The honourable general had well described the na - : ture and the benefit of a post. It was only valuable when it

Was the inlet to a circumlcribed sea; when it commanded the j place and was the key, without which it was impossible to enter. Such was Gibraltar. Its situation made it the most valuable post, since by that we had it in our power to keep, divided the forces of our enemies, and this advantage made it an object of great value; but under the present ministry had we received the benefit of this post ? No t we had m - i curred the cxpeoce of its maintenance, but we had received no advantage whatever from the possession. Our fleet had, been annually employed, hazarded, and crippled in relieving it, bat not one advantage to us, or detriment to our enemies had arisen from it. We were then to have new posts with the fame system. The honourable gentleman spoke against the absurdity of this measur, and against the weakness and impolicy of carrying on the war, or of pursuing the object of American dependency under the present circumstances.

. The Lord Advocate \aid, that when the noble Lord declared L > rdAdvo -

thathis Majesty’s tfnVnifters would not any longer pnrfue the c tc. phantom df an internal, ofFenlive wpr in America, they fully and effectually Satisfied his mind. He profeffed that he < would have voted against the ' noble Lord if he had not been

J44

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781 *

lo explicit, and if he had Teemed to have inclined to prosecute the old Tyftem. But having said this, he was satisfied. He relied in the noble Lord’s declaration; both from the high opinion which he had of his veracity, as well as from seeing that the declaration was confirmed by the estimates on the table. The mode of the war therefore was to be totally changed; but were the House ready to do what the last honourable gentleman advised, to abandon America totally, to give up all our polls, to withdraw" all our troops, to deprive ourselves even of the advantages of chance, and in short to suffer America calmly and composedly to rivet her connection with France. He believed the House was not yet ready to go this length. He was willing openly to avow that in the former periods of this contest he entertained different sentiments of the event; but fatal experience had convinced him of the impracticability of reducing America to obedience by these means which we had pursued. He was for changing the mode but not for relinquishing the object. —The learned Lord concluded his speech with saying, that he had a very sincere friendship and regard for the noble Lord in the blue ribband. He believed him to be actuated in all his measures by the purest zeal for the service of his country. His opinion was of him, that he only wanted one quality to make him a most distinguished and commanding mininer; he meant despotifin and violence of temper; as to his private virtues, they were the subject of general admiration. The learned Lord was flopped in his panegyric by the noise of the hear hims, and of the laughs to which these expressions gave rife.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke made Tome facetious observations on the elegance of the learned Lord’s panegyric, and on the unfortunate reception with which it had met. He was sorry, that after having suffered so much under the noble Lord’s admi - mflration, the House was not in the humour to hear his panegyric. Jt would no doubt, have been honourable to both parties; for the brilliancy of the noble Lord’s charaCler could only have been equalled by the sincerity of the learned Lord’s praise. He laid, that the only alteration which was promiftd to Parliament that day, and to the nation, was, that the mode of the war should be changed. An American war you mull have; but because you have grown dissatisfied with the manner in which it has hitherto been carried on, we will change the plan, we will give you another plan, but it shall be the fame war; we have squandered seventy millions in one way, we shall now

squander

i45

A. 1781 DEBATES.

squander seventy millions more in another. We havi well nigh ruined the empire in one way, we will complete its ruin in another. Your diet shall be differently dref - fed, but it shall still. be the America ! ) war. The honourable gentleman reprobated this loose and unsatisfactory language of his Majesty’s ministers, for it told them nothing.

We must prosecute this American war; but no human being could discover from his Majesty’s ministers what fort of war it was to be. He spoke with great force in favour of the motions as necessary to be adopted for the satisfaction of Parliament and of the people; and in the course of his speech be adverted to the relaxed and shameless system of government throughout every part of our dominions. The dependencies of Jamaica, Bermudas, and Barbadoes, were in a state of the most dangerous confusion. Quarrels had arisen between the governors and the people, which had increased to an alarming height, and notwithstanding all the applications and the complaints of the inhabitants, and of the merchants, government had not interfered, or had not possessed suffici - ent authority to quell them. In every corner the empire was either distra&ed or disheartened, and his Majesty’s ministers were mad enough to persevere in this war amidst the divisions of the empire and against the voice of the people.

Lord George Germain said in answer to what had fallen Lord George from the honourable gentleman, respefHng the animo/ities Germain, subsisting in Jamaica, Bermudas, and Barbadoes, that government had not neglected their duty nor been remiss in it $ they had taken measures for the quieting of these disturban - ces, which however were by no means alarming, that would very soon restore the governments to order and harmony.

He then came to a consideration of the question before thcHouse, to which, he said, he certainly should object, because it went to a total relinquishment of the American war, which he conceived to be a project equally weak, im - practicable, and dangerous. His Lordship, agreed fully with the noble Lord in the blue ribband, that in the present foliation of the war, it was adviseable to change the mode of it, and to carry it on very differently from the manner in which it had hitherto been conduced, and which had turned out so unfortunately. : In this opinion all the King’s servants were united, and he was not without hopes of meeting with better success than they had hitherto experienced. As to giving up New - YoTk and its dependencies, that was a matter which required the most serious deliberation, because he Vol. V, U coofidered

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

fconsidered it highly necessary, as well for the atiidance of the mode Of prosecuting the war against the common enemy in future, as for the purpose of having a place of rendezvous and fUtion for a fleet nearer the West - Indies than Great - Britain. New - York, with its dependencies, were, in has mind, by no means invaluable possessions. Gentlemen had compared New - York to Gibraltar, and said, that the garri son of New - York, like the garrison of Gibraltar, mud b whodly furnished with provisions from Great - Britam. Gentlemen forgot, that the companion was deditute of flmila - tity, they forgot that Long - Island and Staten - Hkad weft among, the dependencies of New - York; that the former was uncommonly fertile, and productive of a variety of different articles of provision. This therefore shewed, that the ar gutaent, that all our army in garrison at New - York mud bs fed intirely from home, was ill - founded. There were like - wife in New - York stores, &c. in great quantities ., which it would be difficult tp remove, and works which had cost this country immense sums of money. With regard to Charles - town and other pods, now possessed by us 00 tbs American continent, this was not the time that matter was to be decided upon. It was dill his opinion that a mode of tvar might be adopted which wa9 likely to terminate in the mod advantageous manner; what that mode was, it Was neither the business of the day, nor would it be proper to declare; he could only say, as he had said, that there was 00c thing in which all his Majesty’s miniders were agreed, to change the plan Of the war, but not to withdraw the troops from America. An honourable gentleman [ Mr. Fox ] had dated a declaration made by him on the subject of the American war some time flnee; so far was he from having changed hisoptnion on the subject, that he would then repeat what he had formerly ( kid, and apply it to the motion at that time under considera tion. As he had already declared he regarded the motion, as amounting to a resolution to Abandon the American war altogether, he made no scruple to avow, that if the Housecaroe into it, he would immediately retire; for be fh&consequeiftoe what it might, he never would be the minider to flgn any ia - drument which gave independence to America. Htt opinion ever had been, and his opinion then was, that the moment the House acknowledged the independence of America the Bntish empire was ruined. This nation never could : exist as a great and a powerful people, unless our sovereign was likewise the ( bvcrcign of America. This was a position he maintained

from

z

47

A 1781 DEBATES.

from the cleared conviction, and he had rather abide the censure of that House than be the instrument of injuring the constitution of this country. By his hands the confutation should never fall; and when the moment arrived, that the House should resolve on the independence of America, he would instantly withdraw, because he was determined from principle to leave the people their country. — [ Mr. Byng laid across the House, 44 you will leave us no country. ] Lord George complained of the interruption, and said, 44 if the honourable gentleman thinks himself warranted so to dp, let him impeach me ! I am not conscious of having ever intentionally in any one indance done WTong since 1 have held my htuation, but I wish mod heartily, that if a change of ministers is aimed at, and thought necessary, it may done in the true constitutional way. Do nqt call the people together without doors, and tell them that miniders ought to be changed, but let this House with the dignity becoming its character and its true importance adopt at t once the consti - tntional measure. Let them address the throne upon it, and every gentleman present knows the purpose cannot fail of being an I we red; let miniders be dismissed, be impeached, be punished, if they shall be found to merit it, but do not out of mere party spirit injure the constitution, and risque the ruin of the country. "

Mr. Byng rose in consequence of what he had said, avowed Mr Byn *. it, and declared he was ready to avow and to declare his opinion for that House, and to all the world, that the noble Lord would by the prosecution of his system leave us np country when he chose to retire from his office. The noble Lord fays, 44 impeach me then; why do you not impeach me. "

Let the noble Lord look round him and he will fee the rca - fons why he is not impeached. He will fee a band of hired men ready to support him, or any minister who will pay them, against all the consequences of the American war.

Give us < an hone ft Parliament, and then let us fee if the noble Lord would desire to find his security in impeachment.

Mr. Thomas Pitt strongly urged the propriety of adopting Mr. T. Pit *. the propositions of the honourable Baronet, and of giving tp their constituents and their country a convincing testimony that they were determined no longer to support his Majesty’s miniders in the mad and ruinous war in which they bad in irolved us.

U % Sir

148

Sir John Wrottcfly.

Sir J. H. Del aval.

Mr. Dunning.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Sir John Wrottejlcy said, he should vote against the motion in coni ’ equence of what had fallen from the noble Lord in the blue ribband. Sir John advised the House to come to no resolution on the subject till Lord Cornwallis was at home to represent the real Hate of the country, and to give them fomc authentic information as to the pra&icability of the war. Sir John complained of the want of firmness in roinifters, charg ingthem with having neither rewarded merit nor punched delinquency during the whole seven years of the war. He also allured the House, that they had repeatedly been grossly deceived, as to the reputed number of the Americans, who were the friends of government.

Sir John Hujfey Delaval spoke to the fame effect. If the noble Lord had not given the assurance which he did, he would not have voted for the motions proposed, but he would have objected to the carrying on of the war. He thought the declaration in the motions no longer to continue the war was too indefinite. How, without some force, could our remaining possessions be defended ? We might entertain more reasonable expe£lations of extricating ourselves from our difficulties, by a l ' pirited exertion, than by a supine def - pondcncy. He felt in common, with other gentlemen, the burthens of the war, the weight of taxes, the decrease in the valye of lands, and all the other evils thereof. He wiffied, in the present poflurc of affairs, every gentleman would re - l ' oive to give his best affifiance to the putting an end to the A merican war, but hoped that the House would not make so timid a declaration, as that we will not any longer carry it on; he thought it was wife, and, necessary, to abandon it, but it would be imprudent and impolitic to declare it by a vote of the House.

Mr. Dunning spoke next, and with great poignancy compared and exposed the various arguments of his Majesty’s ministers. He was not ready, he said, to give up the dependency of America. He thought that the ruin of this country was accompliffied when America was acknowledged to be independent. He agreed with Colonel Barrd, that it was not possible to tell what polls should be kept, and what should be abandoned. They had the intelligence, and they knew bed, but he thought that our troops should not be withdrawn without great consideration, and that we should be cautious how we decided upon a meaffire so big with the fate of the empire. The noble Lord’s language was not ex *; plicit; we were not to have fych a war as wc have h d, but

we

4J

A 1781.

P E B A. T E S,

we were not told what war we were now to have. He concluded his speech with earnestly calling on Lord North to rile again, and explain his - words more fully, as different gentlemen had declared, that they had understood him differently.

Mr. Turner spoke also in favour of the motion, and said, Mr. Tumer. he had always wished the Americans fucoels, and was pleas - ed, when he heard of Lord Cornwallis’s defeat and capture, as he hoped that would put an end to our further perfccuting our fellow subjects. He laid the Americans ought to be treated as men treated their pointers. Who ever heard of breaking a pointer by force ? Every body knew the only way was to coax the animal, and intice him to do his duty.

At two in the morning the House divided on the question for the order of the day being read. Ayes, for the order of the day, 220; noes, 179.

The business of the Army estimates was then, by agreement, adjourned to Friday; and the House rofc immediately.

A lift of the division on Sir James Lowther ' s

Againfi the

Bari of Upper Oflory Hon. St. A. St. John Sir William Wake

W. H. Hartley Fra. Annesley —

Hon. J. Montagu J. Aubrey — Cha. Arcedeckne

J. Dodd J. Mayor

Fen. Port. Powney

Earl V jney js. Grenville Lord Mahon

Richard Smith

Bedfordshire. For the Order

Coucty

Ditto

Bedford - —1 Samuel Whitbread

Berks.

County

Ditto

Reading - —

Abingdon —

Windsor — - Wallingford Ditto

Bucks.

County Buckingham Wycombe —

Aylesbury —

Marlow —

Ditto — —

Wendover Agmondesham

Lord North moved for the order of the day; so that order, and not on the original motion} and by this means appearing on the Journals.

Rt. Waller,

T. Ord Win. Clayton Sir J. B. Warren

Wm. Drake feu.

Cambridgeshire,

the division took place upon she the motion was prevented lx m

ISO PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

Agalnfi ibeOuUr *

Hon, J. Towfeshend —• Benjamin Keene —

Sir R. S. Cotton

t Crewe d. WiL Bootle

Sir William Lemon Edward Eliot

Samuel Salt — —

Hon Wilbr, Tollcmache

Geo. Hu t

Thomas Lucas — —

Edward James Eliot — Dudley Long — —

Lord Maitland

Sir James Lowther Henry Fletcher Earl of Surrey

CamhriJgeshire, Order *

County — - Phil. York e

University — Ji, Mansfield

Cambiidge

Chdbire *

County

Ditto

Chester

Cornwall *

County

Ditto

Launceitoa —• Ditto — — Lelkeard Ditto

Leftwithiel —• Truro — Ditto ! Bodroyn — Helfton - Siltafli — — Ditto —m •— Eafllooe —• Ditto — —

Weillooe - - - - -

Grampound Camelfoid — Ditto — Tregony — Ditto — —

St. Ives — « Ditto - —

Fowey — —• St. Germains Ditto

St. Michael — Ditto - —

Newport — St. Maw ' s Callington - -

Ditto — —

Hon. C. G Perceval T Bowlby

Lord Malden Bamber Gascoyne Hen, Rofewarne

t

Lord Hyde

Sir Grey Cooper

Rt. Hon. Cha. Jentinfon

J. Buller

William Graves

Sir William Jamea

Pardoe, jun. Macphertbn [. Stephenson Dawes illiam Praed Abel Smith Lord Shuldham

Hon. Wm. Hanger Francis Hale J. Coghill Lord Nugent George Stratton J. Morihead

Cumberland *

County

Ditto

Carlisle

William

A. i ? 8c. D ’ E B A T E S. ! t

Again/} the Order.

William Lowthef —

}. Lowther •——

. B. Garforth

Lord G. Cavendifli — Lord G. H. Cavendifli — Edward Coke ", —

J. Parker —

Humphry Maudlin —7

Sir G. Yonge —

Jacob Wilkinson —

Sir Philip Jen. Clerke — Hon. Rich. Fitzpatrick

1

Humph. Sturt —•

Thomas Scott Richard Beckfbnl

Thomas Parreir Hen. Bankes

William Morton Pitt

J. Temped —

Sir George Savile Hcn. Duncombe

Cuynhrrldrii continued ' For the Order *

Carlisle

Cockermooth.

Ditto

Dcrlyjhi ' ro. ;

County A

Derby t, M Ditto r

' r

Devpnjblre ^. County m

Afliburw ^; Oakham pt u Honitoa Ditto y, Plymouth - Ditto —, f Beeralfton ♦ Ditto - — PlymptOn - - Ditto —. TotneTs r—n Barnstable — Ditto — - —t Tavistock - —

. i

Hon. NauCmioa T

J _ Rolle,.. r

Charles, \

Sir Fre < L Rogers Admiral Darby;

Lord Fielding / Lawrence Coxe Sir Ralph Payne Hon. James Stuart,

Laun. Browne J. Cleveland J

Fran. Baifet Rt. Hon. Rd. Rigby

Dorfctshire.

County

Lyme Reg ? S — Weymouth and 1 MelcombeRegis J Ditto — — Ditto —

Ditto •— — Dorchester — Bndport Ditto

Shaftcfbury — Ditto —. —

- Wareham — Corse Castle — Poole — —

' Durham.

Durham

David R. Mitchell

Rt. Hon. W. Ellis

John Purling Gafcrid Steward ’ Wm. Rd. Rumbold William Ewer

Sir ' Francis Sykes H. W. Mortimer J. Boyd J. Bond Joseph Gullloti

Eber, or

County

Ditto '

Aidboropgh - Charles Mcliifli

1

Sir

by

is *

parliamentary.

A < i78r.

A ainsi the Or dir• Jihor. or Ycrtybirc coniinutd. Far the Order

Sir James Penny man — - Eve. Anderson —•

Ld. Vifcoont Doncaimon James Hare —

William Weddell —

Edmund Burke —

Hen. Peirfe —

William Nedham —

Hon. G, Frtzwilliam — '

Wm. Lawrence —r

Earl of Tyrconnel —

Sir T. Gascoigne —

Lord J. CaVendish —•

Charlfes Turner ' —

Wm. Wilberfotce —

J. Luther Christ. Potter

Sir William Guise,

James Dutton ames Martin

C. Barrow J. Webb

Sir G. Cornewall —

J. Scudamore 1

Jchard Payne Knight

William Plumer T. Halsey William Baker Baron Dimfdale W. C. Sloper

Aldborough —r Beverley

Ditto

Heyden — ' - - Dhto. — ' — Knarefboroogh Ditto

Malton c j Ditto

Northallerton Pontefract ’ ' Richmond — Ripon —

Scarborough Thirik York Ditto

Hull

- - i

• - FJftx. i

County — — Colchester Malden - —7

Ditto — —

Harwich — - -

Glouccjlershire.

County

Ditto

Tewkesbury Cirencester ~ - GlouceUer Ditto

Herefordfoire. County — — Hereford — Leominiler, — Weobly -

Hertfordshire. County Ditto Hertford Ditto St. Albans

Sir Samuel Fludyer

Christopher Atkinson William Chaytor

Marquis of G rahara Hon. Fi Robinson

T. B. Bramston

T. Strutt

feliab Harvey

Hon. Geo. Aug. North

Samuel Blackwell

Rt. Hon. T. Harley Sir Rd. Symonds Ld. Vifc. Bateman J. St. Leger Douglas

HHntin % donfl ) irt.

A. 1781

DEBATES.

Jgainjl Earl Ludlow

Hon. Chas. Marfliam — Robert Gregory —•

Sir Hor. Mann —

Clement Taylor —

Charles Robinson —

Thomas Stanley — —

Wilson Braddy 11 J. Burgoyne ——

Hon. Hot. Walpole — Thomas Lifter — —

William Poehin — — *

Sir J. Thorold — — C. A. Pelham — —— Sir T. Clarges — —

J. Harrison — — -

George Sutton —

John Wilkes — —

NauNewnham —— SirWatkin Lewes Hon. C. J. Fox ——

Sir Edward Aftley —

T. W. Coke — - - - - -

Hon. Richard Walpole Richard Hopkins - - — ¥oi. f V.

si

Huntingdonshire. For the Order,

County Lord Vifc. Hinching *

broke

Huntingdon — Lord Mulgrave

Ditto — — Sir Hugh Palliser

Kent.

County

Rochester - - G. F. Hatton

Queenfbordugh Si \C. Frederick

Ditto — Sir Walter Rawlinfog

Maidstone Ditto

Canterbury

Ltincashire.

County

Lancaster ■.. Abr. Rawlinfoii

Preston

Liverpool - - Bamber Gascoyne

Ditto —Henry Rawlinson Wigan Clitheroe

Newton - T Davenport

Leicestershire•

County - - - J. P. Hungerforj

LincohiJ ); ire.

County

Ditto

Lincoln — - Rt. Vyner

Grimsby —t— Francis Eyre

Button — ’ Humphrey Sib thorp#

Grantham - - F. C. Cust

Stamford - - - Sir G. Howard

Middlesex•

County

London

Ditto

Westminttef

' Monmouthjhi re,

Monmouth - Sir T. Stepney

Norfolk.

County

Ditto

Yarmouth - - Rt. Hon. Ch. Townshend Thetford

X Si

. 154 PARLIAMENTARY i7 t

Jgainjl the Order _ Norfolk continued For the

Castle Riiiing T. C. Talbot

Ditto — — Rr. Mackreth

Sir H. Harbord — — Norwich

Northamptoq/hirU Lucy Knightley — — County

Thomas Powys — Ditto

Richard Ben yon — Peterborough

Lord Althorpe — — Northampton - George Rodney

Brackley — Timothy Cafwell

Frederick Montagu — Higham Ferreri

Northumberlrnn

Morpeth — Peter Del me

Ditto — - — Anthony Storer 1

A. R. Bowes — Newcastle

Berwick —— Sir J. HulTey Delml

Ditto — — Not tingbumjkire. Hon. J. Vaughan

Nottingham - Dl. Parker Coko

Oxfordshire•

Lord Wen man —• County Lord Charles Spencer

University — Sir William Dolben

Lord Robert Spencer — Oxford

Woodstock Lord Parker

Banbury ——• Rutlandshire. Lord North i

County — - G. B. Brudenell

' Shropshire.

Noel Hill. County

Richard Hill — — Ditto

Sir Charlton Leighton — Shrew ( bury — William Pulteney

Ludlow — Lord Clive j

Hugh Pigot —— Bridgenorth Henry Srrachey ]

Isishop’s Castle

Ditto — William Ciiro

Somersetjbirt• j

Taunton — J. Halliday

Ilchester - Samuel Smith

Milbourn - Port J. Pennington

Ditto, —— J. Townfon

Bridgwater - - Hon. A. Poulett

Hon, J. Jeff. Pratt —~ B ith. - - - Abel Moyfey

Minehead - F. Fownes Luttrell

Bristol Mat. Brickdale

Ditto - G. Daubeuy 7 Rob

For the Or Jar,

A. 1781. DEBATER

Agednfi the Order,

Rob. Thistlethwayte - Jcr. Clarke Jcrroifc •—

Edward Moraat

J. Barrington — —

Sir J. Griffin Griffin Benjamin Lethieullief Lord Viscount Midlcton

Rickard B. Sheridan —• Hon, E, Monckton —

Sir Cha. Bunbury Thomas Staunton — Sir G. W. Van Neck —

Sir C. Daveri — —

Rt. Hon, H. S. Conway

Hon. Admiral Keppel Sir Joseph Mawbey —

Edward Norton — > — Walter Spcn. Stanhope —

Hants,

County '

Ditto

Winchester Ditto —p •—

Portsmouth Newport — Yarmouth — Newton —

Lymington Andover —

Ditto — —

Whitchurch - Petenfield — Ditto — —

Stockbridge Southampton - Ditto — —

Staffordshire,

County — Ditto « —

Stafford Ditto

Tam worth — Ditto —

Lichfield —

Suffolk,

County Ipswich Duuwich Orford — Ditto ——• Aldborough — Ditto — Sudbury — Ditto Eye

St. Edmonfbury Ditto Surrey *

County

Ditto

Gatton - Ditto — —

Haslemere Ditto X

Level Stanhope Henry Pen ton Sir William Gordon Hon. J. St. John Sir Thomas Rumbold

J. Frederick

William Jolliffe Thomas Sam. Jolliffe Hon. J. Luttrell Hans Sloan *

J. Fuller,

Lord Lewifham J. Wrottesley *

J. Calvert fen. J. Courteney T. Gilbert

Lord Beauchamp Hon. Robert S. Conway Martyn Fonnereau Phil. Chan. Crefpigny Sir Patrick Blake Sir James Marriott Rd. Phillipfon

Lortf Newhaven Robert Mayno

Sit

1 6

Jjgaittft the Order *

Sir Robert Clayton

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1,

Right Hon. Sir F. Norton Sir Rich. Hotham —

Lord G. Lenox Hon. T. Pelham

Tho. Thoroton

£irT. G. Skipwith J. Bullock —

Tho. Kemp — —

Sir R. Lawley Robert Ladbroke

James Lowther Phil. Honywood Hon. William Pitt

Ambrose Goddard William Huiley

Hen. Dawkins

J. Dunning - - - - -

Right Hon. I. Barre

L ’ oyd Kenyon Thomas Pitt Pinckney Wilkinson W. P. A4Court Sam. Eli wick — j. Whalley Ganiiner

Surrey continued Blechingly — Ryegate — Guildford — Southwark

SuJftXm

County

Ditto

Hotfham —— Ditto — •—

Bramber Shoreham Midhurfe Ditto — — East Grinstead Steyning Ditto

Arundel — « Lewes —

Warwiehshire *

County

Warwick —

For the Order J. Ken rick Hon. J. Yorke George Onslow

James Wallace Sir G. Osborne

Sir C. Biafhopp Sir S. Gideon Hen. Drummond Lord G. Germain

T. Fitzherbert Hon. Hen. Pelham

Coventry Ditto -

— Hon. C. F Greville

— Lord Sheffield

— Edward Roe Yeo

Westmor eland, '

County

Appleby Ditto Wilts *

County Salisbury — C. Penruddock

Devizes — Sir James Long

Ditto — — Henry Jones

Marlborough — Earl of Courtown

Chippenham Caine Giles Hudson

Ditto

Malmesbury — Lord Fairford

Ditto 1— — J. Calvert, junior

Hindon « « - Old Sarum Ditto Nat. Wraxhall

Heytesbury Weflbury Djtta Francis Burton

Lori

i57

A. 1781; DEBATES/

Jgainst the Lord Herbert — —•

Hon. Edward Foley — William Lygon -

Sir J. Rufhout ■. ..

C. W. B. Rouse - - - - -

Edward Winnington — -

T. Bates Roji —

J, Trevanion

Lord Viscount Bulkeley Sir G. Warren —

J. Ktry -

Watkin Williams Charles Edwin —

W M. Owen

Wilts contin• Wootton Baffett Ditto — —

Luggerfliall — Ditto — —

Wilton

Downton — Ditto — — *

Worcestershire• County Ditto Evelham Ditto Droitwich Bewdley —. •Worcester —

Cinque Po

Hastings —. Ditto — —. Sandwich —. Ditto — — Dover — — Romney — Rye — —

Ditto — —

Winchelsea Seaford

, Wales,

Anglesea Beaumaris Brecon — Cardiganshire - Cardigan Caernarvonshire Caernarvon, — Flint

Glamorganshire Cardiff —•

Montgomery flu Montgomery - Pembroke — Haverford - wcff Radnorlbire - Radnor

For the O• Hon. H. St. John William Strahan Lord Melbourn G. Aug. Selwyn

Hon. H. S. Conway Robert Shaftoe

Lord We ft cote Hon. William Ward

Lord Palmerston J. Ord

Phil. Stephens Sir Richard Sutton Sir J. Hen inker Sir Edward Dering Hon. T. Onslow William Dickcnfoa J. Nelbitt J, Durand

Sir C. Gould Lord Liiburne J. Campbell

Glynn Wynn

Sir Her. Mackworth

Whit. Keene Hugh Owen Lord Kensington Thomas Johnes Edward Lewis

Charles

j58 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Again ft the

Charles Dundas

Sir Thomas Dandas

Right Hon.. T. TaivnJbend Geo. Byng

' Scotland. Kintore, Elgin &c. Airshire — Irvine, See. — ArgylUhire — Berwickshire - Lauder, &c.

Caithnefsshire - Dumbarton, &c. Dumfriesshire - Dumfries, &c. - Edinburghshire, Fifeshire Anitruther, &c. Aberbrothock, &c. Haddington Ih, Inverncftshire - Kincardineshire Kirkcudbright ! ! ). Kinrofsshire Lanerkshire Linlithgowshire Naimshire — Orkneyshire - Rof > shire — Roxburgshire - Selkirkshire Selkirk, &c. Stirlingftiire Wigtown —

Tellers.

Whitchurch Middlesex Harwich Newcastle

For the Staates Long Morris Sir Adam Ferguson Sir A. Edmonstone Lord Fred. Campbell. Hugh Scott Francis Chartris J. Sinclair J. Crauford Sir Robert Laurie Sir Robert Herrict Henry Dundas Robert Skene Sir j. Anstruther *

Ad. Drummond Hugh Dalrymple •Simon Frazrr Lord A. Gordon John Gordon Geo. Graham A. Stuart

Sir W. Cunynghame George Ross

Hon. James Murray Sir G. Elliot J. Pringle

Sir James Cockburn William Adam

J. Robinson Archibald M ( Donal < L

December 13 *

No debate#

/ " December 14.

The House went into a Committee of Supply, and the estimates of the army were referred to them,

5ttm rv at Mr. Secretary at Wat entered into the detail of the army War/1 estimates for the current year. He Hated, that the whole force of the army, including the militia of this kingdom, amounted at that time to 186, 220 men, and for this force the Parliament had to provide The expence was 4, 208, 097 !.

2k

A. 1781. DEBATES '

«. 5 ' ! This force, he said, was, in the whole, greater than that of the lad year by 4074 men; and the expence wa consequently greater by 29, 067 !. 15s. This injreaie was occasioned oy the greater number of troops already sent, or now going to the Ead - Indics. The corps on that service, or appointed to it, and on the eve of embarkation amounted in the whole to 9436, being an expence of 176, 784 !. whereas the lad year there was only one corps there, the regiment of Lord Macleod. The right honourable gentleman wefit into a minute datement of the difference that there was in every article between the force of this year and the lad. The difference upon the whole, in guards and garrisons, was very trifling; and it chiefly arose from the circumdance Of the troops, held under the convention of Saratoga, being sent back to this country, and put from one establishment to another. From the total amount of the troops, eft ’ e&ive and nonweffeffive, there were to be taken the non - cffe&ives, - the accoont of which was upon the table. The whole of the rank and file, excluding the commission and the warrant officers, was about 157, 000; but from this the House was to take the non - effectives, which amounted to 26490, that was to about a seventh part of the whole. He laid, that in the course of the lad year, about 10, 000 men were raised by the recruiting service; by the mode which was adopted of additional companies about half of them were got, and the other half by the old corps; but he was sorry to say, that they were got with much difficulty, and the men were very much lowered in quality, but they had all been inspected by general officers, and the reports had been accurate. The mode which had been adopted lad year of lowering the < stablish r ments of reduced regiments had beeh attended with great benefit, but dill undoubtedly some‘regiments were short of their complement, and the House was to grant more money than would be expended upon that service. It was not loft, though voted for this purpose. It came back to the national purse, and was brought to account with fidelity and expedi - 1 tion. The corps which were mod under the establishment were those which had been held under the convention of Saratoga, and those in the West - Indies. Many lives had been lod by the expeditions to the Spanish main, and in the istand of St. Lucia not less than 2COO men had died in eighteen months.

He was happy to say that they were now better accommodated, as barracks were erected for them, which protected them from the injuries of the climate. The right honourable 4 _ - gentleman

i

10Q PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 8r;

gentleman, after going through his estimates, concluded with moving, as the first of his firing of motions. " That a number of land forces, including 4175 invalids, amounting to 49, 455 effective men, commission and non - commission officers included, be employed for the year 1782. " *

CoLBaxre. Colonel Barr ' e spoke with his usual ability upon the subject of die army management. The right honourable gentleman, he said, had dated the number of men, non - effectives, to be about one ieventhof the whole army. Thcdatement, however, was not made with his usual accuracy; they were more than one seventh; for the total number of forces was dated to be 186, 000; from thele take, fays he, the commission and non - commission officers, and the number is reduced to 157, 0001. From these take the militia, and the number is reduced to less than 130, 000. From this number it is, that the non - ef - fettives, amounting, by the paper on the table, to 26, 490, are to be taken and the House will find that it is about one fifth of the whole. But what the right hon. gentleman principally objected to was, the voting so much more money than was really to be applied, or was wanted for the army. It was the life, but it was a bad habit. The commissioners declared it to be a bad, uneconomical habit, to fend money into the pay - maf - cr’s office, there to lie unemployed. It was true it came back, but the commissioners had said well, that every guinea so issued and returned was sweated and Judaized in the passage. It did not come back as it went, one pound one. To fee some regiments charged 800 men that really did notconfifl of ICO, and some that did not consist of 50 set down at 5, 6, 7, or 800 men in the estimate, was a mockery of Parliament.

He knew that in every quarter of the world our forces were much more upon paper than they were in the field, by which means we were induced to have confidence where we ought to have di fir uft. We had two garrisons besieged, Gibraltar and Minorca. In Gibraltar there was said to be 5000 men; in Minorca 3500. He could allure the House there was no such thing. He was exceedingly anxious for those places. : He was apprehensive for them, but he die ) not fear the Spaniards. He repeated it, he was apprehensive for them, and he was not afraid of the Spainiards, nor of the French. They were deceived into a vote under the idea of their having a great commanding army, and when they came to the proof, they found that they had an army upon paper only. The royal English fuzileers were in the predicament which he

Thi first vote is the number of troops employed for guards and garrrifoAS.

A. 1781. DEBATES *

had Gated; so were the royal Scotch fuzileers, and so were twenty regiments more which he could Gate, hut that i. t was not a delicate thing to enumerate them. He was always agatoft voting away useless money in this manner, and the House ought to be particularly foat this moment, when exertion was so necessary, and when surely we had need of all the money that we could raise. His Majesty’s ministers re - fused the offer of a larger supply than they called for towards enlarging the favourite service of their country, becanlc they laid we must study ceconomy; and here they moved for a larger sum than was really wanted in a service which certainly was not thefavourite service. He had blamed his Majesty ’ t ministers on the framing of the army - estimates, for what they did contain : he would now blame them for what they did not contain. He had the highest reverence for the army, though he did not belong to the proftffion, but ft ill he willied that no forces should fubiift under the command of the crown, which were not regularly before that House, upon, estimate, and provided for in theregular constitutional way. But there were, and had been for i ' everal years, 9000 men in arms in America, under the name of Provincials, which the ministry had never thought proper to bring before the House in efti -, mate, though called upon year after year for that purpose. It was very natural to suppose that they were in America, as they were here; they were deficient, and we paid for men that had no existence.

The House did not know by the efti mates before them, and they could not know what was the army of Britain. The ministry brought it out in various shapes. The 9000 in America were to be added to it; 5000 artillery men were to be added. The force of the country came in various shapes, hot there was none so insidious or so unfufferable, as when they came under extraordinaries, where there had been no estimate.

Mr. Hujpy said that the management of the army was exceedingly defective in many ways, and in none more than in the practice of giving appointments of importance to boys over the heads of senior, veteran, and worthy officers; and in raffing new regiments and independent companies, when the old corps were very incomplete. He said, it was a fast that there were boys made captains, and appointed to command lieutenants and ensigns who were in the service before they were born. The lieutenant and, the ensign of many of these new - fangled regiments had been in the service Vol. V. Y of

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

of the > country before the captain appointed to command them was born. This was a fact. He knew an instance of it. A relation of his now in America, had continued a lieutenant upwards of eighteen years; and i ' everal of the captains of these independent companies were not arrived to their eighteenth year. Besides, this method was very expenitve. To each of these independent compame/, three officers were appointed, iheir pay was eighteen Hulling, and four pence per day, their half - pay nine shillings and two - pence. Allowing that they were disbanded in a short time, and the officers put upon half - pay, the fgtn would be considerable, for their half pay would at lead be ten year purehale. All this might have been saved, as he old corps and old companies ought x to have hcen filled up. Jt v\as right for the House to know how all this mismanagement arofc, and how such flagrant io - fiances of abuse had occurred; and that they might receive informat on upon this point, lie moved that iMr. Ord should leave the chair anil report progress.

Thehon. The honourable Jzbn Lusaid, if the order of that day, John Li t - or Qf many other days, was to be strictly adjie. cd to by the Uc House, he should find it unnecetfary, and he should think it preemption to trouble them fer one moment with his senti - ments on a motion for military supply, because he had a very superficial knowledge of that service, and he was therefore persuaded, th t alinoft every member within his hearing was more equal to the talk of debating such a fuljcft thanhimself : hut he observed that the present motion for an army supply having followed the navy, which was voted at an earlier pe - rioJ than he expe£led it, and not having any intimation of the intention, he wa unfortunately absent at the time, or he would then have endeavoured to dilperfc the mist which had been call before the eyes of Parliament, and in which be feared many of the members had evcriince been loft; for that he was alinoft persuaded, the delponding motionmade by an honourable baronet, proceeded from fame such cause, ns in the course of that debate a melancholy defer ption was drawn of our present naval armament : and that a right honourable member who had just spoken before him, declared when the House parted the other ' night, that it was the yeak, the wretched condition of our fleet, which induced him to make a motion for the returns of the army; at so late an hour of the night he could not presume to trouble the House with a difeuffion of that subject : he thought it

w uld be ftiil more improper to enter upon it then; but so

163

A. 1781. DEBATES *

far he thought himself called upon to say, that when the next naval question came to be agitated, he did not despair of making it appear in the broad face of day, that we had ft ill the ability to make a glorious struggle at sea, even with those nations which had directly or indirectly taken part against us; he said France, Spain, Holland, and America, were at open war; that their trade had been protected; that they had been furnished with arms, ammunition, military ( lores, an - I ahnoft every other engine which seemed tothreaten our destruction, under the sanction of flags, who deemed themselves the armed neutrality; but that in his acceptation of their conduct, they merited no better appellation than a cursed confederacy, Galcuikted to bumble the pride and the glory of this country; how therefore to avert the impending blow, and render such machinations subtile, was not only the bufin - fs of the House, but ought to engage the daily attention of every fub - jett. who wished to see the British arms appear respectable in the eyes of Europe; hp said, that at the present time he should enter no further on the bufiriefs of the navy, and would say but one word on that of America, until the subject should come more properly before the House than he then considered it to do, namely, that he had lent his treble aid to

Sit out the iirft spark of fire which had been kindled in that ouse, and which lighted up the American war; that he had exerted, all his powers to quench the flame as it increased, a d that he should continue his beflfendeavours to put the befl end, weconfiftently could do, to so destrudlive a contest; that he was happy to lind all his Majesty’s ministers, the secretary for the American department excepted, were come to their senses, and he had languine hopes that noble Lord would not have the power to do more mischief; he, therefore, was unwilling to withhold from government the means of endeavouring to make a tolerable peace for this country, and he thought they were much m re likely to accomplish that end w; th arms in their hands than by surrendering all their posts, andlubmitting to the arbitrary didlates of the haughty House of Bourbon that, however humiliating he should feel it, whenever that hour came, ' which, in his opinion, made it necessary and wife to declare, that all further attempts, either by fca or land then, or hereafter, to enforce the obedience of the revolted colonies to this country, must prove ruinous and ineffedfcual; he would not look for vague and ambiguous terms - to express his sentiments in, but this he would then declare, in language which could not be misunderstood, he wasv pre

Y % pare

i6+ - PARLIAMENTARY A 17$ !.

pared to wave the dependence of America on this country; for, he declared, however ingenioully it was penned, bod he given his vote in favour of Sir James Lowther’s motto *, he mould have thought that in force, effect, and fubiiance, it would have amounted to l ' uch a declaration, and whatlktle form would have been wanting, he should not have thought material; but he hoped the political hermfpherc was not yet so dark as not to shew a glimmering light, which would lead to an advantageous peace to this country and to America also; that was the light he thought every body fhotild follow, but at the same time, be properly prepared for their defence if it deceived us; therefore he readily consented to grunt the supply asked for by the Secretary at War; for he was convinced, that the army of this country was as necessary towards the conquests and defence of this country as the navy; he was always lorry when he beard either stiled the favourite service, because he was lure they were never lo useful or formidable as when ain concert and upon equal terms; and he thought that professional men, of all others, should avoid making a distin&ion. Hesaid, soman lamented the continuance of the American war than he did; that he was truly forty the present iituation of pdbbc affairs called for so large a supply of both navy and army, but being persuaded they were equally necessary, and thd one having been voted, he should certainly give his vote for the other.

Mr. T. Mr. Thomas Townflxnd was exceedingly happy to ' hear

Townfiicnd from such high authority as that of the honourable captain, that our navy was in so prosperous and able a slate, for be and the House had been told from authority pretty respectable, from the Admiralty, that the navy was and mu be inferior to that of the House of Bourbon. He was happy to hear from the gallant officer, that the Admiralty in this point were wrong, as they were in many others, and that they were ignorant of the affairs and of the strength of their country. But which of the two the people would be inclined to believe in preference to the other, the Lords of the Admiralty, or the captain of a ship, it was hot possible for him to tell. He had laid that all the ministers had come to their fences, except the fecreiary for the American department. What pajticuiar in fiances of sanity he had discovered in the rest, he could not take upon him to say; he wished that he had explained himself upon that head. Had they recovered their senses, because they concurred with that

American

iy

A. i ’ fit. DEBATES.

American secretaTy rn rgecting the proposition made the other day for putting an end to the American war ? Or had they shewn any dtfposition different from that of the noble Lord, which exempted them from the insanity in which he was involved ? Pfe professed he could not tell. The only ' two confidential forvants erf his Majesty who fat in that House, had differed in their language; the one the American secretary, had spoken out, and had said boldly die American war must be carried on. The other, the noble Lord in the blue ribband, gave a ioofe and {vague opinion about the mode of carrying on a half war. They disagrecd.

From these observations, he adverted to the estimates, having by the way, expressed a marked preference for the naval, over the land service, in opposition to Mr. Luttrell’s opinion; he found fault with the manner in which the troops that had perished at St. Lucia had been sent out, without clothing, without arms, crouded in the transports; and landed in an island where there were nq barracks to receive them; but were raw, and uninured to the climate, they had been dbligedto work in building "barracks till their con - ftitutions were worn out, and they funk under the weight of labour and theomwholesomeness of the climate : such work was not fit for the European constitution in the West - Indies; this Was difeovored, though a little too late to save thousands; but since the discovenr. General St. Leger had employed the negroes, and not the soldiers in those kind of works, by which means the lives of hundreds had been since saved. As to the independent companies, he must needs say, that if men were promoted out of their turn, he was much better pleased that it should be to the command of companies than of regiments, as had oFfixe been the practice; but of the independent companies them selves, he had seen some of them; some came from Ireland, where they were raised, and men looked clever, able fellows; but others, which had been raised in England, were the greatest burlesque upon soldiers that he had everfeen : some had been quartered in his own neighbourhood and he could lafely say that there was no walking through them without bursting into laughter, so grotesque,

Iaukward, and ridiculous was their appearance. When they were ordered to march to Port ( mouth, the country was all over covered with them; some were not able to march from i impediments of long ( landing; one man in particular, whom : he had seen, had his leg fwclled in consequence of a feurvy contracted at sea twenty - five years ago. Such were the kind

166 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

W -

of men, or rather fcare - crows, thatcomposed those independent companies.

As to the motion for leaving the chair, he did not suppoie the honourable member who had made it, would divide the committee upon it : for his own part, he condemned many things in the fcftimates; but still he did not wiih to stoptb supply. '

Lord c. Lord George Germain rose next, to explain what he had

Germain, said on Wednesday, and to confirm, by his present explanation, the opinion he had then given : he said, that he had already said, and was fully convinced, that if the sovereignty of Great - Britain oyer America was loft, this country, from that moment, would be undone; this being his opinion, he was determined never to have a hand in any nieafure by which that sovereignty should be giveft up; this was kis opinion at present, it always had been, and ever would he, his firm opinion to his last breath; and if this was the reaforv why the honourable gentleman had thought proper to lay that he had not yet recovered his fenles, he did allure him that he never would i cover them, for in that opinion be would die; with regard to the sentiments of the cabinet, re - spefling the further prosecution of the war, he had said this much, and this much only, that all his Majesty’s ministers were unanimously of opinion, that under the present circumstances and prefture of affairs, it would not be for the public good to withdraw the forces from America; in this opinion he had concurred, in this opinion all his Majesty’s ministers had concurred. His Lordship then pasted to another fub - je£l.

With respect to the provincial corps, he said, that the reason why they had not been included in the eftijpates, was, that Tome share of the public money might be spared, by avoiding to vote an establishment for thele troops : at present they were paid according to muster; and not one farthing pay was issued, but to those who flood muster; and for this purpose they were regularly and frequently mustered : hence this beneficial consequence enlued, that none were paid but effective men, ( landing in their ftioes; but if they were voted on establishment, this establishment mull be at a certain fixed number, and for the whole of this number money must be sent over to America : and it would be a difficult matter to get back the money arising from stoppages for non - effective men; but all this was avoided by paying only for those who regularly muster; their numbers were

well

I

A. 178 r. DEBATES. 167

well known, - he had in his hand two returns of these corps, the one dated in August kist, from the inspector of the provincial troops; the other, from Sir Henry Clinton in his gross turn of the whole force; and this was dated in September; both accounts differed in about two hundred men; these retusns he was ready to lay before the committee, if forms would permit it; or to flievv to gentlemen who fh6u ! d think proper to read them; nothing, he said, had been omitted to render these corps as little burthensome to the public as possible; nay, their very clothing was ’ sent from hence, nor had their commanders the benefit of supplying it.

Colonel Barre said he should certainly call for them; but Co1 Barre. though there might be some little ( Economy in keeping back the estimate of those corps, he must lay that he preferred the constitution to aeconomy.

Mr. Fox said, he should only detain the committee for a Mr. Fox. few minutes, and he wished to say what he had to offer immediately, before the matter that had called him up should be forgotten. An honourable gentleman had said, that the Ministry, ( the secretary of state for the American department excepted ) had returned to their senses. He was very sorry to hear, that the only minister who had not come to his senses, was the minister who had the conduct of that war which was the cause of all our misfortunes. But the honourable gentleman doubted very much whether the noble Lord was the only one that had not returned to his senses.

He had indeed ' declared, that the war in America was still to be carried on, but another noble Lord ( Lord North ) had also made the fame declaration, though in a more qualified way. But the matter to which he wished to speak, was a circumstance hich he had forgot the other night, but which he had remembered since. The noble Lord in the blue riband had find, in opposition to the motion that was made for putting an end to the American war, that it was to be carried on upon a contracted scale, and on a much m > ve limited plan than it had been hitherto. It was a fa », and the House must remember it; at lead he was sure the noble Lord himself must, that four years ago, when a motion was made for putting an end to this accursed and fatal war, the noble Lord said that it would be continued, but it would he continued upon a contracted scale. Exactly as now, the noble Lord had told the House that it was to be altered, to be di - minifhecL to be contracted; and the House was imposed apon. It was not possible for the noble Lord to forget this

aiiertionj

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 17S1.

afTcrtion, but he would mention to him a cireiimftance that would, perhaps, remind him of the salt. An honourable friend of his ( Mr. Burke ) treated with infinite ridicule the aflfertion of the noble Lord, and had given a moftringanious commentary on " the promised war in minature, the little, light frigate of wir, the pocket volume of war, the war in duodecimo. " But the noble Lord could not forget it. It happened on the event of the surrender of Saratoga. Then it was clearly apparent, that the House had been already dc luded by the minister’s promise of contracting the seale. They had seen how it was to be contracted. Other armies had been marched through the colonics, and other armies had; been loft. '

Sir George Sir GtrcgeSavtle spoke with great ability on the general

Savile. question of the American war. He said, he had come to town against the great day when that question was to be agitated, and if he had been upon his death - bed, he lhoold not have died in peace if he had not been carried into the House to discharge his conscience upon that occasion. He. had not had an opportunity of speaking, but now he rauft ! deliver his sentiments with freedom. When he read the King’s Speech, the speech which the rainifter put into his mouth, it struck him with horror. The Address which a young gentleman had proposed in answer to it, was, as ail addresses are, alimpleand mere echo to it; and the House,; with that fondness for it by which they are chara&erized,; adopted and parted it. Experience had taught him that the Address of that House was avowed to mean nothing, that it was an empty form, and generally nothing more than a mere echo to the language in the speech from the throne, which was also the speech of the minister; so that in fact the Crown and the Parliament danced a minuet together, to a tune of the minister ’ compoiing. The Crown led off one way, the Parliament in a similar step to the opposite corner; they then joined hands, and at length finished just as the dance began. — If it should please his Majesty’s ministers to put into the King’s mouth the first line of the song, " What charms does my Flora disclose, " he would be bound the House would echo the second : " How sweet are her smiles upon Tweed ! " The minister when he aiked forfuchaa address, told the House that there was nothing more than a compliment in it, but when that compliment was obtained, it loft its aerial appearance, and became substantial sincerity. This was the case now. They had agreed to die Address,

A. 178L 1 ) E B A X £ S#, 169

and they rauft now grant a supply. That was their tone.

He was astonished to hear that the House bad been deluded into an opinion that they were not pledged to the continuance of the American war. It was palpable iir every line of the Address, if they must take words by their common accept tation, and according to their true, genuine grammar use.

But the minister had laid, that we were not to go on with the American war in the fame way; we were to alter and1 contract the mode of it; but did that make any material difference ? He had read of a Lacedemonian, who, in a war with a neighbouring country, and in a fca engagement swam up to a galley, and laid hold of it with his right hand; the people in the galley cut of his right hand; he then seized hold of it with his left hand; they cut that off also, and then asked him if he would go on with his attempt. The Lacedemonian said not in the fame way, and he instantly seized upon it with his teeth. This was exaCHy the case of his Majesty’s government; they had loft both their hands in their attempts upon America, and they were yet determined > like the Lacedemonian, to go on, and fatten upon it with their teeth. But they should remember, and he warned them, that when the Lacedemoniandid this, they llruck off his head. He loudly and warmly reprobated ministers for their conduct. They were determined to perfeyere in their pursuit, determined to go on, although they confessed that they had it not in their power to make a navy equal to that of the enemy.

Lord North said it was not easy for him to recollect with Lord North precilion whit he had said loinc years before; he might have laid, upon the event of the dilatter at Saratoga, that the war would be in future contracted, or not be carried on to the fame extent, as a matter of mere argument. But surely that exprettion was very different from the solemn assurance which he gave to the House on. Wednesday last, that the war would not be carried on to the fame xtent, nor prosecuted in the fame way. In the one case he might speak with licence, what had been said, as an argument; in the other he gave a clear, decisive account of the intended plan of proceedings, as far as he could do as a minister. He wished to speak with openness and precilion. What he had said on Wednesday night, to the best of his remembrance, was exactly this; that gentlemen might ealily perceive, from the eftirnates on the table, that it was not the intention of hi

Majesty’s ministers to prosecute the war in America to the Yol. V. Z fame

i

7 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

fam£ extent, and in the fame way that had been hitherto done; that was to say, not to attempt to fend armies to march through the country, as that of Earl Cornwallis had done, nor drive by i ' uch schemes to reduce America to obedience by force. This was exactly his alfertion, and hedc - 1

fired it m ght not be misunderttood. This did not extend to

a relinquimment of their pods, or to a naval war; their podsitiight be necessary to other purposes. It only went to ' that foie thing of dropping all further ideas of lending troops to penetrate the country, as had been hitherto the plan. He meant to be perfe£Uy explicit, and when he used the words y €t continental plan, " it was not an expression of his own, t

' but the words had been used in the debate before he rose.

Gentlemen had talked of the continental plan of the war, and had reded their arguments chiefly upon calling upon ! niiniders for a declaration, whether they deligned to pursue; the war on the continental plan ? He therefore suited his declaration to their arguments. He did not mean to lay icoffendve war, " that would have been a vague expression, 1 or to have it underdood farther than that Government did not intend to fend an army to march through the colonies, (

as had b. cn the plan of the lad campaign under Lord Corn - 1

wallis; but it had been objc£led that the edimates were no \

criterion by which the House could judge of the plan of Government, dnee the forces apparently dedined for service in one part of the empire, might be withdrawn from thence, and transported to another. But was it not a full answer to this remark, that if such forces should be so withdrawn, the service to which they were at lud appropriated mud be loft j for want of their support, and consequently, no man in his

senses could presume that any minister would be fool hardy

enough, thus to render himself liable to destruction for his abufeof a power which Parliament had expressly allotted to a specific purpose, by advidng the application of that power to a different service than what that high authority had plainly appointed it to He could not help thinking that, the condderations of this alone mud be the mod unequivocal

that any rational man could dedre of the integrity of admi - I nidration in the expressions they had made use of j

C : n. Smith. General Smith charged ministers with having neglected the information which they had received from the general officers who were employed; they had received intelligence early in the war, that all attempts to penetrate the country of America mud be fruitless, as well as fatal to the armies

wfyick

1

A. 1781. DEBATES. 171

which were sent to try the experiment. They were criminal for neglecting that information.

General Conway fpok ? with great energy and feeling. The G ? n - Con various opinions which he had heard, and the various ' after - way tions, made him at once dcject and despair. Military opinions had been given, of which he did nor, could not approve. It had been said, that it would be right to keep the ports, and that a war of ports would most certainly be poffi - r ble, or would be advantageous. He dertred to know if it was believed to be adviseable, if portable, to keep the port of New - York. He knew that Sir Henry Clinton with all his force was alarmed. To keep New - York we must have Long Island as a port. Long Island was one hundred miles long.

He owned he did not know what the noble Lord in the bjue riband meant by his description of what was to be the war.

Did he mean that we were to have no continental war in America

Lord North said, continental war did not come up to LoHNorth. his idea. If we fought at all upon the continent, we must have a continental war.

General Conway a ( ked if we were to have no offensive con - Gen. Continental war ? way *

Lord North said, that was not the cxaCl description neither. LordNwrth. We were to have no internal war.

General Conway said, he did not know how to understand Gfn Coa - the method and the kind of the noble Lord’s war. We were Wijr not to march, but we were to fight; we were not to fight to reduce America to obedieoce, but still we were r© fight, and to continue in America. It was not to be continental, and it was to be continental; it was to be offensive, and it was not to be offensive. In short, it was to be continued, but his Majesty’s ministers did not know how. They were bewildered; they had their hands cut off, but they were determined to fatten upon it, and cling to it lonie how or another, by the teeth, or the feet, or the best way that they could, and that with a navy pronounced by themselvcsto b5 inferior to the enemy, and what they had declaied must be inferior jto the enemy through the whole contest. The circumstances of our country were more dittrefling than he had it in his power to describc; he did not think that the ministry were treacherous; he did not think they had ruined their country from base, lucrative motive; if he thought so, he would move for their impeachment inlftantly; he thought they were weak, and wanted union and firmness,

Z % This

VJZ

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

This was the cause of all our miseries; this was the little, despicable Tory party, which had dcierted from our glorious constitution, and the infamous band which had been bribed to betray it. In earlier times, the young men of the House would have alfumed a different spirit than they exhibited at present; they would have been roused by the sufferings of the country, and would have acted with the vigour that became the young citizens of Great - Britain; but there was a scandalous indifference about them in regard to every thing but the faered preservation of their own persons. The state of our fleet in a particular manner was dreadful. He said that once a whole people, the most enlightened in the old world, on a great emergency embarked their whole people, We ought to follow the spirit of this precedent. We cannot embark all the kingdom, but how many regiments might not be usefully employed afloat; all the regiments ought to learn the firing of great guns. This was a part of discipline very much neglected, shamefully neglected in our service. Every man ought to be an artillery mart; in Jersey they were all so. They all, the whole people, understood the firing of great guns; a company of artillery was sent over to instruct them, and the company of artillery sent over to instruct them were the only persons in the island that were ignorant of the matter. This was a fail.

Mr. W. PitL Mr. fVilliam Pitt spoke next with his usual force and ele gance. He would not have offered himself to the House at the time when the honourable General who spoke last got up, feofible of the superior abilities of that great and worthy member, had he not held in his hand a paper which he conceived would be the mod : conclusive answer to the language of ministers. It had been said on that day that the Addrest of the House was always an echo to the speech from the throne. If this was the case, surely it would be allowed that one speech of the noble Lord in the blue riband, was or ought to be the echo of another. Some words which the noble Lord had spoken on that day had struck him so forcibly that he had been induced to take them down, and he believed he had done it pretty accurately, By those words the House would be able to perceiye what credit was to be given, to the assertions of the noble Lord, and how safely they could vote this or any supply on his declaration respecting the further conduct of the war. In a speech spoken expressly for the purpose of appearing more than ordinarily explicit, the noble Lord had contradicted himself most strange -, ly, and had ihewo the committee ip a striking manner how

A. 17S *. D E B A T p

little any declaration that he made was to bp depended upon. The noble Lord’s words were, that government were xc - solved not to prosecute the war in America any lpngerctn a continental plan and scarcely were these words out of thp coble Lord’s mouth, when he laid, " that is, by fending fresh armies to march through the colonics, in orderly tbp operation of those marches to fubdtie America to obedience; so that the noble Lord had no sooner said one thing, than ihocked at having uttered any thing which seemed to be satisr fadory, or wirch could have been understood, startled at ffre found of his own words, he fays another, and ftiil fearing that he had dropped any expre&on that might be fattened upon, and to which he might be bound down, labours tp explain away the whole of what he has Aid, and tells us, hp does not mean u offenftve warfor offensive war include every species of attack, and that the word continental \yaf used by some other speaker, befarche rose, and di renf from his meaning, for every plan that cpuld be, contrived tty pursuing the war in the colonies would be stiled a cpnfipcp. r tal war. The honourable General press d him upopthe point, but it was in vain; he could not defcfibe what ipfit ojf wax we were now to jpAitute. But th rc was oo£, thing which had fallen from the npble Lord tj c blue riband, and that he trusted would not be forgottep. He had told tbf House, t at there was a clear distinaion to be made between the after ions which he advanced in argument, and the, foie ipo assurances which he gave as a minister; his aflertiops in ? rr gument were different from his solemn, assurances. coble Lord had owned that he did advance things in debase which, as it would pot be possible or qopvenjcnt for hjpiAlf to maintain, it would not be politic or safe for the Hpufe believe. This the noble Lord had said, and he trusted would be remembered. He trusted they would never forgpt f# call upop the noble Lord at all times for what his aflmionf were, whether they were assertions in argument; they might befo this day. An aftertion in argument ! Good God, arc we to be delired to believe a declaration of this day, when we are given to understand, that the person who made it, pollibly used it as an aftertion in argument ! What ! Is saying that f < ministers are determined not to fend fresh armies to march through the colonies of America, by the operation of those marches to subdue America to obedience, " a ipenq assertion in argument ? and when the committee by this af - fertion ars deluded into the vote of this day, and they afterwards

i74 PARLIAMENTARY A i, 8i.

Wards fee the American war pursued with this army which they are now - voting, and with the fame fyftfcm which they have been all reprobating; what will be their feelings when ' the fame minister shall rife four years hence, as he docs now,

• and tells you gravely, that it was all a mere assertion in argument ! and these his assertions in argument are calculated only to delude the House for the day, but were never meant to be observed. But to fbew what admirable union there was in his Majesty’s councils, he begged leave to statetothe House what had fallen from those two noble ministers who fat in that House; The noble Lord in the blue riband had said, that he wished to speak with precision, and he bad ' fiid, that the Wa r was not to be carried on in the manner which it had been, to the fame extent, by penetrating through the country; and by the fame plan that it was not to he Carried on, with an intention of reducing America to obedience by fotce. The American secretary declared, that there Was ene thing in which he could say with confidence, that act his Majesty’s ministers were agreed, and that was in not iabahdoning the object of the American war, nor ceasing to prosecute it. Hdrc then was the harmony; here the union of his Majesty’s ministers; one fays the war is to be pursued; its object is ' to be pursued; the conquest of the colonies by force; no, fays another, not to be pursued for the purpose tof reducing the colonies to obedience by force. The noble Lord at the head of the American department, allures us, be is of opinion that this country is ruined, if the independence Of America is avowed, but that he speaks it as his opinion, he does not know the opinion of other ministers ! Is it to be credited, that a ministry ignorant of each other’s opinion ire unanimous ? The absurdity is too monstrous to be received, especially when the assurance is made at a moment when taiiniftry are more palpably disunited than ever ! Mr. Pitr, tibferving Lord North, Lord George Germain, and Mr. Welbore Ellis whisper, said he would pause until the unanimity was a little better settled; till the sage Ncftorhad brought the Agamemnon and the Achilles of the American war to one mind. The honourable gentleman, with an amazing power of argument and eloquence, conduced the contract through various passages of the speeches of the two noble Lords, drawing from each the firm, clear conclusion that they were divided, and disunited in sentiments, and that one or both of them had the meanness to continue in office, and to stand responsible for meafuns of which they disapproved, Jle loudly and vehemently called upon the House to extricate

themselve *

A. 178N DEBATES.

themselves from the disgrace of being, subseryient to the defr picable views of a fct of men who kept their places, and pro - iecuted the war from np other motive under Heaven but that of avarice. There was only one thing in which they seemed to agree, and that was in their resolution tp destroy the empire which they were called upon to save, and this he feared they would accomplish before the indignation of a great ( offering people should fall upon their heads, in the punishment which they delerve; and lays the honourable gentleman in a beau -, tiful coodufion, may God only grant that that punishment be not so long delayed as to involve within it a great and innocent family, who, though they can have had no share in the guilt, may, and most likely will, be doomed to suffer the consequences.

Martin said, that undcjstanding the present debate to Wr be a continuation of that on Wednesday, and that it was generally allowed to be so, he should attempt to offer a few words to the committee, and that he was the more encouraged tp this, from what had been now said, by one of the most respectable men in this country ( Sir George Savile ) " that in times like these, every member of the House should not only vote, but in the best manner he could, l ' upport the cause of his constituents by publicly expressing his sentiments on our melancholy situation/ ’ Mr. Mar in then said, that as he bad been one of those few, who not only had been a constant friend to the cause of liberty in America, but had frequently and openly avowed it, he now rose to declare, that he had remained stedfastly fixed in the fame principles. That he flattered himself he should have credit with feme, at least, when he declared, that he had not in this, or act, other matter, been actuated by a factious disposition, or by any ( inifter motives, but by that warm attachment to the natural rights of all mankind, which, he trusted, would be his leading principle through life. That he had always of - posed the war as opprefliye and unjust. That it had been pledged,. that it ceased to be unjust, when this country gave up the right of arbitrary taxation. That having given up that right, it seemed to be allowing, that we had exerted it illegally. That no one had been called to account for that illegal exertion, and that he thought we had no claim to peace f om America, till the man, who had advised his Majesty not to receive the petition offered by Mr. Penn ( which was couched in the most decent, forcible, and re - Jpeflable language ) should be brought to punishment. That

1

rjQ PAR LIA ME tt T A ? ' Y. A. ttfu

he tdgaVded tHai ? person as a tractor to his country and the rights of humanity *. That in regard to the question now Befdrd the committee, for Mr. Ord to leave the chair, h should not only say, that he nev£r crtpected atoy ( Jueftion, fending to the good of the public to be carried in the present situation of the country; that what he had observed of the conduit of Parliaments for some yekts, had perfe ly confirmed him in an opinion, to which he had been Tbng in -, dined; that though our political disorder might be in some ~ degree palliated, that there could be no radical cure for our dregdful diseases, but a : thorough reform in the cotiftitution of the House of Commons. That in saying ' this, he begged to have it clearly understood, that no man living was more perfectly aware of the great difficulty of such a reform than himself, but that whatever the difficulty might be, that it must be not only encountered, but overcome, if we meant to enjoy that freedom, of which we now vainly and very r ' V falsely boast. That he was almost tempted to declare, that if this matter was not brought forward during the present J fession, he would the following year, however unequal to the talk, attempt to submit it to the confederation of Parliament by some means or other, but that he hoped to fee it sooner « in much abler and more respectable hands. That he might venture to say of the last Parliament, and gentlemen were welcome to suppose, that he thought the fame of the present; that it was, as is well expressed in an IrifH pamphlet, lately \ published, " the mockery of Parliament, and rather an in - j luit upon liberty than a protection to the subject that as j matters Hand at prefenr, he believed the noble noble Lord in; the blue riband to be more absolute than any prince in j Europe; that he issued his mandates in Treasury letters,. which were implicitly obeyed; that he thanked God, notbe - \ ing in thefuite of the noble Lord, he never was honoured with j one of those letters; that was he to receive such a one from any minister, however he might respect him, he would treat I it with the utinoft contempt; that members of Parliament should know rheir duty to attend, without such fort of sum - j mon <, and only obey the orders of the Speaker. That much j had been said of the insanity of the ministers; that he should only observe upon it, that if this country were represented as it ought to be, that we should put a fort of strait waistcoat upon them, which would effectually keep them in order; that the noble Lord and his colleague, at the head of the American department, talked much at their ease Of the ef - 2 N fefti

177

A. 1781. DEBATE *.

fo&s of an impeachment; that they well might do so, backed by the present majority; but that if the representative body was as pure and uninfluenced at it oqght to be, that he was very sure the noble Lords would not then feel so bold; but indeed in that case, moil likely the horrid evils they have brought upon us, mud have been prevented. Mr. Martin said, that he begged pardon for having taken up a moment of their time but that he firmly held, that it was not only

nionable, but the duty of every man, in times like these, ar to resist his own feelings as to brave the ridicule that might fall on a want of talents, in order to express his honed opinion; that, however, fame might laugh at his rashness, and others abuse his principles, that he should, at lead, have the approbation of his own mind, which to one of lib eral sentiments, was the bed of all rewards.

Mr. Rigby paid many compliments to the representative Mr. Ri bj, of the Earl of Chatham, and said, that his oratory was not iefs persuasive, his abilities less powerful, nor his virtues less splendid. He had observed with amazement and pleasure the effect which, his eloquence had made, and the awe, the hope, and the animation which it inspired.

He said that there was one thing which he mud remark in the gentlemen who attacked administration, that they were not themselves agreed with respect to America. He observed the difference in their sentiments to be glaring the other hight, when one gentleman said that we mud not give up the dependence of America; and another was for giving it up. But he agreed with Mr. Pitt, that there was something dark in the manner of acting of the two noble Lords; something obscure, of which the House had certainly a right to call for an explanation : there was a something in the language of the two Lords both then and on Wednesday lad which seemed to indicate that they were divided in sentiment; if this was the case, why did they not speak out ? the House certainly had a right to call upon them to do it. Those who had supported them had a right to demand the quedion, the country had a right to know it.

What were we to do ? To withdraw our troops if we could; to go on in the fame inad and wild feheme of fubduine America, by marching about the country ? They mud speak oat.

The right honourable gentleman said, he was not ashamed to own, that he had all along voted in support of the noble Lord, and for the prosecution of the American war, with Voj,. V, A a the

i

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

the hope, that this country wotfld hfc able, by the power of her fleets and armies, to coerce America, and reduce the colonies to obedience. He was now as fully convinced that the idea was impracticable. He had formerly declared, he would not listen to any suggestion of granting independence to America, because he thought this country ought not to admit such a degrading suggestion till we had been beaten. He was sorry to say, that unfortunate moment was now arrived, and therefore he conceived it would be as mad and as foolish to talk of the redu£ ! ion of America by force of arms now, as before it would have been timid and unmanly to have acknowledged the American claim of independence. Then it might be asked, if this was his opinion why he did not vote for the motions of the honourable Baronet. The reason was this : that the adoption of these motions bound the House to the immediate and total dereliction of the American war, a measure which he did not think the House was yet ready to a flume, and to which, he, as one, muftobjeft; for he did not think it either wife or proper in the House to come to that resolution. The noble Lord in the blue riband had said that he renounced the continental war in America; he believed his assertion; and he believed it as well from his own private word, as from the estimates then before the House, for as we had loft an army, and that loft army was included in the estimates, and no new army was demanded to supply the place of the former, it was clear that not having bcerv able to conquer America with the former army, the noble Lord could not think of undertaking it when the army had suffered a diminution of seven thousand men.

Jt was clear, therefore, that the noble Lord meant only to carry on a war of posts, and therefore he, for his part, would vote the present supply; and he voted against the resolutions of Wednesday last, because in this war of posts he I would not tic up the hands of Government, so as they should not be able to avail themselves of any favourable turn of affairs, and therefore he put his negative on a motion that would have completely taken all our army from America; for under such a resolution as it had been proposed to pass, the garrisons could barely stand on the defensive; this would j be absure ! in two cases which he supposed, the one that New - j York was befleged, and he wished that it was not probable > that it would in that case be supposed, but for suppofltion fake, for he had no hope of the probability even of such an event, that our army could so tally out as to cut the belieg -

A 1781. DEBATES. 179

ing army to pieces; that certainly would be called offensive war; but would it be reasonable to command our general Hot to wage it if he could ? Another supposition of his was, that if we had withdrawn our forces from New - York, ( a thing by the bye, which he said, he was afraid could not be done, till we should have a better navy, ) and that in the absence of our army, the French and Americans should quarrel, would it not be madness to say, that if the opportunity of cutting one or both of their armies, should offer, our general should not be at liberty to seize it ? This would be an ofFcnfive war, such as lie would not condemn; but it would not be a war carried through America, from one end to the other, which he mud at present reprobate; for, let the fault rest where it might, we were not able to do it r the estimates convinced him, that no such war was intended : and therefore he would vote for them, but he could not help repeating that ministers ought to let the House know, whether they were both of the fame opinion, respecting the mode of carrying on the war.

Earl Nugent expressed his surprize, that any man should EwiNugeat now hcfitate to grant the independence of America; all parties were agreed that we could no longer carry on the war; was not this strange logic to renounce the war, and yet boggle at granting independence ? There was not a man in that House who ought to make the least difficulty on the subject; the different powers in Europe were as much interested in keeping America dependent, as we ourfelve9 were; but they did not attempt to prevent the independence of that country; the reason was obvious; we were doing it for them; we were fighting their battles; and weakening both ourselves and America : this was precilely what the European dates wanted, to fee us humbled; but they by no means wanted to fee our colonies independent. The independence of America would be the ruin of the northern crowns, for she would then supply all Europe with those commodities for which Europe is at present obliged to resort to the north. The independence of our colonies must be to the last degree prejudicial to Spain; for their independence would be the forerunner of the loi’s of her colonies, and therefore what was very remarkable, though Spain had joined France, and warred against us, Ihe had never acknowledged the independence of North - America. The Pinch would be ruined by this independence, for, supplamed by the Americans, they would eeafe to be the carriers of the world,

Aa; Upon

i ? o PARLIAMENTARY. A. 178U

Upon the whole, the best way to make the ppwers of Europe interfere, wou d be to renounce the war, apd for forae one to move for leayc to bring in a bill to enable his Majesty to acknowledge the independence of the colonics.

Mr Harri - Mr. Harrison laid, as the resplution of this and the pre - f#n‘ ceding day, would be coniidcred and gq abroad as the fane *, tion and approbation of that House, of a continuance of that, ruinous system of politics that had been so l9pg, apd for this country so fatally adopted4 ) y his Majesty ’ # mmifters, in the prosecution of the prefept unfortupatc war in America. He thought they could npt press administration too strongly, to declare, what probable advantage they had in view to this country, from a continuance of that dcftru&ive measure; for however explicit the noble Lord in the blue riband might think himself, he could only consider hie explanation to be, that he would carry on the war in another mode. Under the prefen t ( ituation of our affairs in America, he said, no ipptive could be afefibed for their conduit, but refentnaept; a haughty resentment, that could not brook that a people whose humble petitions they had rejected with scorn, should pow treat with contempt the humiliating offers of this degraded country, fie strongly reprobated the idea of a House of Commons voting the blood and treasure of their consti - tuents, to feed the resentment of any set of men, in pursuing measures that could only be the means of binding America stronger to the French, and removing any proiped of amity with this country to a greater distance. He recommended a total change of men and measures, as the ooly means to save this country; and where the existepce of the nation was at stake, all personal confide ration ought to be di ( regarded. He averred, the present people could not make any proposals for peace with America, with that probability of success, as if they came from persons whose sentiments were more favourable to the opinions of that country. Refentmept of ope fide and miftrufl on the other would render them ineifec - tual. He said, if the nation had those resources they were taught to believe, in God’s name let them be brought put for better purposes, and not in pursuit of pphattainable objects. Let them be brought forth to increase and strepgthen. the natural bulwark of the kingdom, the navy of Great - Britain, the great object of national glory and defence ! For these reasons, he considered it as the extreme of bad policy to exhaust the resources of the kingdom in pursuing plans from which no possible advantage could accrue to the nation.

A. 1781. DEBATES. 18 *

and therefore should give his negative to burthening the people with the expence of so large a landed establishment, till it was likely to be applied for better purposes.

Sir Herbert Mackworthsaid, that he had supported his sir Herbert

Majesty’s ministers in the American war, from the con - Mackworth viction that they had the real interest of the empire at heart, and that the principle of the war was just, though the issue had been unfortunate. He heard thpfe Ministers stigmatized from every corner of the House. If he thought that one half of what was said of them was true, he would abandon them that instant. If they were in the pay of France, they did not deserve to live, much less to be entrusted with the administration of our affairs : but he did not believe it. He could not help saying, however, that there appeared an evident difference of frntiment between ministers; a difference which ought to be reconciled; for without harmony it was sot pofHble to go on.

Mr. Fox passed upon Mr. Rigby, as he disapproved of the Mr. Fm.

motions proposed by Sir James Lowther, to suggest a motion that would coileffc both their sentiments, and let them bring it on jointly, that the flu&uating, changing, and divided ministry might be bound down by a parliamentary declaration. He thanked the honourable gentleman for his candour and openness. It became him, as an upright and a virtuous member of thsit House, to declare his sentiments with freedom; and when he saw a man thus stand up in discharge of his duty, untempted by the emoluments of office, he should have his warm, hearty applause, whether he did or did not agree with him in general. The opinion which he had given could not be confide red as the effect of disappointment, or of interest; his advantage was evidently to be derived from a ' contrary condu£t. But he had spoken out : he loved his country, and he preferred it to his office.

A learned Lord, who fat on the opposite fide of the way, had, on a former clay, professed to speak in a manly style.

He had talked of the infamy of that Miflifter, who should be base and treacherous enough to continue in a responsible office where he had not power. He had talked of this, and had affected to reprobate it. He had condemned the con - duff of the American war, and had thrown out a promise to the House, that a short day would come when he and ipinifters would speak out. If the learned Lord desired to acquire the credit which was due to openness, if he wished for any more than an kffeftation of independence, he xpuft

now

1 2 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

now come forward and realize his assurances. He had heard the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ), with that commanding eloquence which even the effrontery of miniders could not refill, detest and expose what the learned Lord suspected, the glaring and abandoned difunioa that subsided in his Majesty’s councils : having heard this, it was his duty to Hand up and ' to call upon his two noble friends, on his right hand and '

his left, to explain their ientiments, and to give the House an unequivocal allurance of their being united in opinion, and united in principle. If the learned Lord did not do this, he mud expect that gentlemen would think his affe&a - tion of openness more despicable than the mod flavilh

servility could possibly be. ‘

The Lord ' The Lord Advocate laid, if there - was any difference Advocate, amongd miniders, it was their bound duty to declare it / to the House. As to the continuance of the war, he was perfectly in the opinion he had given on Wednesday last, viz. that it was not intended to continue it to the extent it 1 bad been; and to judge with certainty of this, there was no occasion to have it from the mouth of the Minider, becauic the edimates fully proved it. He said, that gentlemen seemed to be extremely anxious about his ch a rafter; he did j ' not desire their care; he was able to protest his character himself; and he was convinced, if they turned their attention to themselves, and took care of their own character, I they would have business enough upon their hands. He 1 was ready now to repeat every fyliable that he had said before : If any one of his Majesty’s miniders was base enough to remain the conductor of measures which he condemned, that man, be he whom he might, was unfit for society. This he had said before, and he said it again. With respect to the quedion before the House, he rauil ■, certainly vote for the army supply; it was a force absolutely ' necessary to the occasions of the empire, independent of the ’ American war. If a force had been required necessary to, the farther prosecution of that war, he should have objected 1 to it as heartily as any gentleman in that House. He j adverted to the language of gentlemen on a former day, with respect to the American war : one member had declared, that we ought to acknowledge the independance of America; another had said, that the Minider who should dare to pro - pole such a measure would be guilty of - high treason. The committee could not therefore be ripe for coming to any \ refblution on that point; for which reason, he wtihccj they

would

A. 1781. DEBATES. i$3

would contider where we flood, and rest satisfied, that under the present tituation of affairs we could not do better than change the mode of the war; and, for our doing that, he would not rest merely on the Minister’s declaration. He would look up to much higher and much better authority, the authority of the estimates of the army; which clearly convinced his mind, that ministers not only meant to discontinue, but had deprived themselves of the power of con -, tinuing a continental war in America. The learned Lord 1 said, if ministers differed in opinion on this or any other point, they were bound to state their cause of difference to the House.

Lord Mahon observed, that the learned Lord in his Speech Ld. Maboa. had said, that he was averse from all farther attempts to reduce America to obedience by force. This, surely, was equal to the resolution which had been proposed of abandoning the war; and why therefore should the learned Lord make any scruple to adopt that resolution

1 he Lord Advocate said, he was averse from alt farther Lord Adv - attempts to reduce America by plans of coercion, such as cate wehadufed.

Lord John Cavendip > said, that the right honourable gen - i Lord John tleman on the door, and the learned Lord, should, in concert Cavendiflu with the many gentlemen who agreed with them in opinion on the impropriety of farther prosecuting the American war as we had done, frame ' a resolution which would come up to their fentimeats, and in which gentlemen on his fide of the House could agree, that there might be a declaration of Parliament to bind down his Majesty’s ministers.

Mr. Charteris was pleased that ministers had made the de - Mr Char# claration of their intention of altering the mode of the war. tens.

This, with the estimates on the table, confirming their aifu - rance, had satisfied his mind.

Alderman Newnham concluded the debate. All descriptions Airman of men, he laid, were anxious for a conclusion of the Arne - Newnlwo. rican war. Not only the merchants, who had suffered by it, but others, who wished government well, and even those who had profited by the bounty of administration. In the course of the debate, it had been an argument whether it should be a war. of posts, and whether New - York, Ac. should be kept or not. The wisest means of proceeding, and the moil certain way of pleating the people of England,

would be for the ministers to abandon their posts, and resign their employments *

The.

iH

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The committee divided on the motion, " That the Speak - cr leave the chair, report a progrtfs, and aik leave to fit again. "—Ayes, 84 : noes, 166.

The several motions of the Secretary at War were thea put, and agreed to without any division.

The House was immediately resumed, and adjourned to the 17th.

December 17,

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke rose, to give notice of a motion that he intend ed to make after the holidays, for leave to bring in a bill, relative to the exchange of prisoners of war $ and to obviate a difficulty, in the alt for the suspension of the Habeas, Corpus, which was at once disgraceful and inconvenient to ' the government of this country.

He was drawn to the consideration of this matter from the particular cases of two characters, cases of a nature totally distinlt and different; but which were both attended with striking circumstances of peculiar bardship. The House would naturally perceive that Mr. Laurens was one of the two cases to Which he alluded. Under the law which he had mentioned, Mr. Laurens was confined in the Tower; but though it might seem to countenance kis commitment, it could not au -. thorise the hardships to which that venerable gentleman was exposed, and the rigours that he suffered in his imprisonnient.

It might be asked, why he had suffered a matter that had humanity for its pretext, to remain so long uninquired into, after he had declared it was his intention to bring it before the House ? In answer to this, he could only observe, that there were strong reasons for his not going on with the business earlier, and that one of the moil eifential benefits arifingfrora delay, ( which was undoubtedly the cause of a variety of e - vils in opposition to those benefits, ) was, that it enabled men to get at a more accurate knowledge of fads, and to tread with greater certainty On the ground they meant to take. It had, he was perfectly aware, been urged againflhim without doors, and perhaps the insinuation originated with some within, that he felt he had gone too far, that he found his opinion prematurely formed, and that had he attempted to proceed farther, he should have been obliged to retract his charge.

It had also been said, that he was rash in proceeding on mem newspaper authority; that it was ridiculous to go upon anonymous letters published in a common newspaper, and that no wife man would, with such unsubstantial evidence, proceed a ( li p farther in a matter of so much moment. In reply, he uiufi say, that the newspaper publications on the subject were

A. i u DEB ATES

were not vague, loose, and general; that they Hated fafts circumflantially, mentioned names of men and things direx - ly, and gave dates of time and place with a degree of confidence rarely assumed by fallacy or fraud; that five several correspondent and well connected narrative letters had appeared upon the subjcX, and that the whole taken together, amounted to a printed charge, sufficiently respeXable to warrant his or any other reasonable man ' s proceeding upon it. But the truth was, he had direct, made no charge whatever respc£ling the case of Mr. Laurens; he had only declared his intention of moving for that worthy, enlightened, and re - fpcstable character to be brought to the bar by the Lieutenant of the tower, in order to have the House ascertained in the circumstance, whether he had been ill - treated or not. When he fell into the hands of the promising young officer who took him, {Capt. Keppel ) he was treated by him with every mark of distinction, which could be suggested to him, by a memory of what his prisoner had been, and what he then was; he. treated him like a man who bad been at the head of the greatest common - wealth on the face of the earth; like a man who was then invefled with the character of ambassador from that common - wealth; he called it the greatest common - wealth on the face of the earth, upon the principle of Zanga, who, speaking of Alonro, laid, ilgreat let me call him; for he conquer ' d me : M America bad beaten Great - Britain, according to the avowal of a right honourable member, ( Mr. Rigby ) who, zealous as he had been in the American war, had cpnferfed that we had been beaten. But no sooner had Mr. Laurens arrived in London than he found himself treated in a very different manner; not as a prisoner, whom the chance of war had thrown into our hands; but a traitor; and as such was committed to the Tower : his treatment there was of the mofl rigorous nature; kept a dole prisoner, he was not indulged with the comfort of seeing his relations, and his family, till that indulgence had been purchased by those relation *, by submitting to the mortifications of repeated and insulting denials. The use of pen, ink, and paper was with - held from him for three months; for the people in power, to whom his request for these articles bad been referred, delayed giving him any answer for three months; at the end of that period, he was so far allowed the vfe of pen, ink, and pnper, as to be permitted to draw bills upon tome persons, with whom he was fortunate enough to J ve had fotne connexions before the contest begun, and who Vol. V, 3 b owed

i86

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1787.

©wed him iponey. But prior to this last indulgence, Mr. Laurens’s case had been truly deplorable. It was a vulgar opinion, and one which he hirafelf ( Mr. Burke ) among many others, had always entertained, that a person confined in the Tower as a state prisoner was allowed a subsistence, or a table of some fort, by the date : but if such a thing was allowed in general, it was not Mr. Laurens’s good fortune to have felt the benefit of it; for no allowance whatever of that natore was made to him; and what was most extraordinary, while government refused to supply him with the necessaries of life, they would not permit him to write so much as to draw a bill upon the merchant, who would have ( applied him. A very extraordinary occurrence happened at the same time, which might be truly termed barbarous; for while the venerable old m£n was refused the use of pen and ink, even for the purpose of procuring the necdlaries of life, a bill was presented to him for fees to the amount of 991. 10 s. The means of paying such a bill were first with - held, and then the prisoner was called upon to pay it : the effe£f this produced upon Mr. Laurens was, to make him laugh, and treat the whole very ludicrously, saying to the man who presented the bill, tc r riend, I believe I shall be obliged to quit jny lodgings, for really they are too dear for me; I cannot afford to pay so high for them. " Thus it was that this good man was able, from his own greatness and fortitude of foul, to rife above those who only meant to tease and insult him.

In the early part of the war, the conduit of adrainistration was not so rigid towards the Americans, who were brought prisoners into England, as to confine them, without ever admitting them to be exchanged or released; Ethan Allen had I been brought to England in irons; but he was sent back without irons, and exchanged in America. This would have j been the case too, perhaps, with Mr. Laurens, had not a new ! projelt been started, for narrowing the scale, upon which the 1 king’s pardon was to have been granted to those who had of - ! posed his government; then it was, that the idea of giving Mr. Galloway, and other refugees, American peerages, was first conceived; and their ermines were to arise from the confiscations to be made by government; Mr. Laurens was the first who felt the effects of this pernicious counsel; and tninifters were glad to have it in their power to ill treat a man, who was fitting on the throne of sovereignty, at the head of the Congress, when this country sent over ambafl a jiprs to that Cong refs; and who bowed so low as to ask even

for

jbijit. DEBATES.

for leave to fee, arid mix with the worthy characters of A merica, iuperior to those of Greecoand Rome; for such was the language and the behaviour of one of the commissicmert whom they sent. f *

But was the ill treatment of Mr Laurens in the Tower consonant to ( bund policy ? Was it prudent to four the Uiinds of the Americans against England by the ill usage of their great and respectable president; was it politic to make him think ill of England } III usage might do it, but nothing else could; for he carried his love for this court try, even to doting; he had sent his children to receive their education in it, and to learn to love this country; he had long opposed the disunion of Britain and America; and if any thing set him ill with his countrymen it was the opinion they entertained, that he was too well affected to the intereds of England. Indead therefore of treating him with barbarity and indignity, miniders should have blessed ven, that such a man had fallen into their hands; that they might avail themselves of his good will towards this country, in negociating with America : but their l ' ouls were too narrow; the gratification of their refentraent was of too great confluence to them to be podponed to the intereds of the date, and they had rather insult, and treat with brutal cruelty, than soothe and conciliate by kind usage, a man of the greatest penetration, the founded judgment, and the mod liberal mind of any man perhaps upon the face of the earth : Such was the man miniders oppreifed; overwhelmed with the gout, and labouring under a complication of complaints occa - honed principally by the hardships of his confinement, mini - dors could dill view him only as aci object for persecution; fothat the Turk, the savage Arab, the cruel Tartar, or the piratical Algerine, when compared to our miniders, might be thought humane. The great incurable and fundamental error of that act, to alter the regulations established by which, was the purpose he aimed at, was that it made nodidin&ions, such as wisdom and judice required; it did not point out the great and active indruments of criminality, but was confined solely to didin£tion$ purely geographical. Thus it depended not on the enormity of each captive’s lufpe&ed guilt, but on the place where he was taken, and the place to which he was conveyed, whether he should be considered as a traitor, a pirate, or a mere prisoner of war. It was to put justice on a more equal footing, to level didin&ions which had their origin in oppression and barbarity, and to render the prisoners of war taken by this country certain of having the

B b 2feverity

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7$t#

ftveri tyof their fate softened, and made fomewftat tolerable, by thac tender and mild treatment which all civilized belligerent powers made the rule of their conduct during a time of hostility, that he should move for lea\e to bring in the bill as its principal and most general ground of necessity.

The next point which rendered him the more anxious for the bill he intended to bring in was in order to correct certain abofes, which were practised by ministers in theexercHe of that power, which they either of right possessed, or which they claimed, in the dispofhiou and treatment of persons set - zed by virtue of the act in question, or who might become prisoners during the American war - The aft, at present in being, was in this point of view confined in its principle, and productive of the word effects. In America the prisoners were exchanged upon an equal and a liberal principle; the spirit of tire law operated there in a manner just and honourable. Change, however, the situation, and the effect of the lame statute instantly varied. If persons were taken at sea on the American coast, and carried into New - York, from the officers of any vesselr down to the common sailor, they were sure of receiving every possiblte indulgence, and every ffreteh of that civility and that humanity which, till the present war, had at all times been the glorious character - iftic of the British nation. On the contrary, when American prisoners were brought here, they were not suffered to be free as prisoners of war on parole, but were either sent to confinement under commitments as pirates, or on a charge of high - treason. What he meant at the proper time to contend for, was, that Mr. Laurens was entitled to his freedom, on parole, as a prisoner of war; that he ought not to have been committed to the Tower or any other place of confinement, much less that he ought to have been made a clofc prisoner, and treated with the unexampled rigour and severity which be had all along experienced. He knew perfectly well, that it might be urged, that the secretary of state ad grounded his conduct on the authority of an act of parliament, and that ministers had strictly adhered to law in all their treatment of Mr. Laurens. Was this any answer ? were mini - fters, in whose hands the wisdom and justice of the nation were entrusted, whose duty it was to support the national eharafter on a broad and liberal footing, to defeend to become lawyers and pettifoggers ! were they to act on that narrow fkale which a Middlesex magistrate, a Westminster trading justice, an Old Bailey l ' olicitor, or a bailiff ' s follower, would old themselves tied down to ? he was convinced great ftaut -

A. DEBATES.

men would feel it to be their duty to act in a very different manner. But Mr. Laurens had experienced such treatment *

—he had been denied the only, and the bed comforts of the human heart in the moment of distress, the fight and frequent visitiation of his neared and dearest relations; even his own fbn had not had access to him, but in the fight and presence of a warden. Nay more, he had been imposed on, and though denied allowance from government, had been expected and called on to pay the mod exorbitant demands, under the name of fees. How different was the treatment of pri - ibners of date in the Badile } there, though looked on as the horrided jail of a despotic and arbitrary government, the yrovision was ridiculously grand, confide ring the supposed guilt of those to whom it was served up. All that justice, alt that repeated requisitions founded on principles of the cleared rtafon could not effect, Mr. Burke said, had of a sudden been brought about by a dar, that had risen, not in the Ead indeed, but in the Wed, and warned minidry of the danger of their longer prefevering in their unmanly, resentful, and rigid treatment of Mr. Laurens. This was no other, than news arriving, that Mr. Laurens’s son, a brave, a worthy, and a polished officer in the American service, had Lord Cornwallis in his custody, and that his treatment of his noble prisoner was directly the reverse of the treatment experienced by his father, who was then locked up in a prison, of which Lord Cornwallis was governor. The moment advice of this circumstance reached the miniders, they became as fall of civility to Mr. Laurens as before they had been full of severity. But he was authorised to say, thaV Mr. Laurens would sooner darve, or undergo any distress the human frame was capable of supporting itself under, than be obliged to men, who had treated him lb extremely ill. Mr. Laurens, h said, was naturally of a mild, meek, and humble dispodtion £ but the injuries he had endured, had roused his feelings t# redd them, and he nowconfcded himself to be, what he had never believed he could be, a proud man

He now came to the third point, on which he reded his proposed bill, viz. that other part of the abuses practised by miniders, respecting the treatment which those British officers, who had the misfortune to be taken by the Americans experienced at their hands. In August lr. d, he said, he karrtt that Congress had demanded General Burgoyne as their prisoner. He had not formerly been in the habits of intimacy with the general, but of late he had conceived the

highed

I

PARLIAMENTARY. A17S1.

highest esteem both for his public and his private character j i and what led him to entertain that esteem was, his having seen the General force an inquiry into his conduct in that, House, in spitc of every opposition from ministers, who dreaded it, and who took care to render it a9 ineffectual as 1 possible; and likewise from the whole tenor of the General ' s conduct, which shewed him to be a man of the strictest honour and the raoft rigid integrity, since he had with a manly spirit abandoned and resigned all the fair professional emoluments and rewards of a long life of service, rather thanfub - mit to feed the resentment and revenge of his enemies, who wished to destroy his reputation, and render his life miser - able. Sometime ago, an order had been issued from the army - office, for that general to return to his army in America : it lyas very well known that the honourable gentleman, in the then state of his health, would look upon such - an order rather as an intimation to resign his military honours, the earnings of long service, than really to set out for America, where his presence could not be of any ule : his own 1 pride soon moved him to give up what he thought was all that was desired of him; and when ministers had got what they wanted of him, he heard no more from that quarter about going to America : but he soon heard of it from another j quarter; for Congreis, finding that the ministers of Great J Britain would not, upon any terms release Mr. Laurens, had required General Waftiington to summon General But - 1 goyne to return to America, and save his parole. When j this was urged to Sir Henry Clinton, that officer entered into j a treaty for the release of General Burgoyne : but as the j latter was a lieutenant - general, and there was no officer of 1 that rank in the American army, our commander in chief J could not of course exchange him for an officer of equal rank; he therefore entered upon terms for his release; and 1 it was agreed that one thousand and forty men should be given for his ranfoin. This, he said, he regarded as a fair j estimate; it was taking a quantity of silver for a piece of gold, and it was an honest exchange.. It happened, however, ! that ministers had contrived to render the proposed exchange impracticable, and that by this means. There were a number of men, who surrendered on capitulation to the British arms at the Cedars early in the war. That capitula : ion Congress refused to ratify, and in every exchange of prisoners chat had taken place since, had uniformly put the Cedar men aside, regarding them as so many Birmingham halfpence,

and

1

A. 1781. DEBATES *

and refilling to acknowledge them other than as bale metal and coin of no value. The commander in chief persevered in his offer of those men in part of the one thousand and forty; and Congress persevered in refilling them; so that no j - cleafe having taken place, and no release being intended probably on our fide, as such men were offered, the consequence that mull ensue, was that general Burgoyne mull in discharge of his parole, return to captivity, if something should not be done to prevent it. This Hate of facts coming to his ( Mr. Burke’s ) ears, he resolved to try what h$ might possibly effect by private friendship : he therefore wrote over to Dr. Franklin upon the subjea, resuming in a distant manner a correspondence which had been interrupted by necessity, not choice; requesting that he would use his credit with Congress to make them delift from their re - quisition that general Burgoyne should return to America TheDoflor soon answered the letter, in which he observed, that < c since the foolish part of mankind could not settle their disputes without wars, it was the duty of the wife part of mankind to use their endeavours to alleviate those misfortunes that attend wars. " After several compliments personal to Mr. Burke, and which that gentleman in reading the letter, passed over, he acquainted him, that he had not heard of the order of Congress, for general Walhington to summori general Burgoyne to return to America; but he was of opinion, that if any such order had been issued, that it was iri retaliation for the British miniller’s refusal to release Mr. Laurens. He then informed Mr. Burke, that before he had doled his letter, he had received dispatches from Philadelphia, with a resolution ofCongreftof the 10th of June last, authoring him to exchange general Burgoyne for Mr. Laurens; and the Doctor saying that he had no communication with the ministers of the court of St. James ’ s, requested that Mr. Burke would negociate the business for the common fake of the General and Mr. Laurens.

He gladly undertook the business; waited on some of the friends of ministers; but was surprised to get for answer to his proposal, that general Burgoyne was actually exchanged, and of course no longer a prisoner. This information surprised him indeed, because it was false, and mull be false; as it was not possible, that Congress having resolved that general Burgoyne should be exchanged for Mr. Laurens, should enter upon any treaty for his release, till they should lirft learn what had been the Miic of their commission on that

bead

9 PARLIAMENTARY A. t7Si.

head to Dr. Franklin, It was therefore only sporting with the feelings and misfortunes of that General, to say tbit he was exchanged : the cruelty of ministers in first ordering him to America, and persisting in that order till they had stripped him of every military honour and reward of his services, except his rank of lieutenant - general, could be equalled only by their barbarity in leaving him now exposed to the mercy of Congrels, by refuling to exchange him : for it was refusing to exchange him when such men were offered in exchange as it was well known the Congress would not take. Mr. Burke then stated the cause of the dislike ministers had to general Burgoyne to be, that he had exposed the abfur - dity of all their reasonings upon the number and fidelity of the friends to this country in America; for this he had been persecuted; for this he had been denied a court - martial; for this he had been denied every means of vindication, till in that House, by irrefragable testimony of the first men among the nobility of this country, and of its first military characters, he had established his reputation; and for his own part, he looked upon general Burgoyne as one of the most able, if not the most able officer in our l ' crvice. He said, he hoped mini fters would now take care how they should discover their disposition/if they should offer to exchange Lord Cornwallis, also a lieutenant - general, for Mr. Laurens, having refused to do it for general Burgoyne. He concluded by giving ' notice, that after the reccfs, he would move for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the future exchange of prisonen of war.

Cen. Bur - General Burgoyne rofc, and was proceeding to speak, whea

g > nc. the Speaker interfered and begged to remind him, that they were irregular in speaking without having a motion before the House. The General said be was aware of the fa£V, and had a motion in his hand. He said, the first thing the House would naturally expe£ from him, if after the various ill usage he had received they aferibed to him the possession of a human heart at all, would be to return his best and sincerest thanks to the honourable gentleman who had spoke before him. Gratitude, he said, did not come up to the true magnitude of the feelings he experienced towards him, and he reverenced him the more, because he knew the real fburce of his attachment to proceed principally from a generous con - _ cern for the unfortunate, and a dihntcTcfted feeling for the ©ppressed and persecuted. He considered the friendship of the honourable gentleman as the greiteft blefiing, as well as

the

DEBATES.

193

A. 1781.

thegreateft honour that had ever happened to him in life. The General now proceeded to inform the House, that he had a motion to propose to them respecting the exchange of pri - ioner ', from which he hoped to derive a certain knowledge from what quarter it proceeded, or to what cause it vva9 owing that he had remained the last, and the only one of all the army that iurrenclered ar Saratoga who had not been included in the exchange of prisoners, and restored to liberty. It was an injullice he laid, beyond all example, that every officer, and every man in the army, should have received the valuable privilege of freedom, yet he alone, who was commander in chief on that occasion, continued to this day a pri loner. With respect to the Cedars men, ministry were fully possessed of the resolution of Congress with regard to them. They had declared that they never would ratify that treaty, ami therefore to propose them in exchange for him, was calculated as it should leem to delay or prevent it. If Government had any reason to diilinguiih him from the rest, fls indeed they had fuffrciently done in other relpe&s by pre - eminence in fufFering, if they considered him as lo far excluded by personal milconduct from the general privileges, why did they not proceed farther into the enufes of this misconduCI, and punish it with still greater severity. They ought either to have waited for conviction before punishment, or to have relinquished the design of punishing him. The punishment ought to have been more ievere, or not at all. Since the negociation with Congress for the exchange of the prisoners, lie had never been once in the conli - deration of Government till very lately, and the last proposal bad been protracted and neglected. It might be asked, perhaps, by some of his friends, why, in the space of many years, frnce 1778, he had never Solicited for exchange. He had two reasons for the conduct he preserved on that occasion. The first was, as he had resigned liis commission, he thought it possible, and probabie, that his interference for personal liberty might prevent the exchange of some other officer of rank, who might not be equally precluded, by the adversity of his fortune, from serving his country again in the fame war, and who might be more able to do it than himself. The second was, that he was determined to submit to any destiny, to the chance of being recalled to America, and to be doomed to rot and die in a dungeon, than condef - cend to request a favour of a set of men who had heaped such a complication of oppression upon him, w ho had refused him Vol. V. C c the

C

94

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78f.

the opportunity, of justifying his character to the world by 1

the only means in which a military man can receive a perfect ]

justificationr by a court - martial; who had poisoned his reputation by private calumny, and used him with every pof - lible persecution, and every possible indignity. These were the reasons of his never having solicited their interpefition on his account. At present, he fa id, he felt something for the character of his country /ram such unexampled proceedings, and also felt a little for the precarious fate of other commanders. A noble Lord was every day expected, whose panegyric was continually pronounced in the warmest language by gentlemen on the other fide of the House, and whom he in his heart believed to deserve it all, who might very soon be reduced to a limilar situation with himself. If he found it necessary for the preservation of his character, to confront the ministry, and to ( peak one little word of unwelcome truth, then might he, like himself, bid adieu to all hopes of patronage, but be left to bustle for his power and his own freedom as he could. The honourable gentleman concluded with reading his motion to the House, which was, i6 That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pkafed to give directions, that there be laid before this House, copies of all correspondence between i his Majesty’s secretarics of slate, or the secretary at war, and the commanders in chief, or commissaries, for exchange of prisoners, since the fitft day of January, 1778.

Lord New - Lord Akwbaven followed, and adverted particularly on haven. what had fallen from Mr. Burke, respecting Mr. Laurens. He said, he had the other day converted with the lieutenant - governor of the tower, and had inquired of him, what were the real sentiments of Mr. Laurens, as to the treatment he had received; the governor informed him, that the prisoner had profefted in the ft ranged manner to him, that no humanity or civility could exceed that which had been ex - crciled towards him during his confinement, and that he felt the utmost gratitude for it; this, his Lordship said, wa9 not j above three days ago. He then commented upon the cir - cumftance of Mr. Burke’s having read a letter from DoClor 1 Franklin in that House; good God ! said he, can I believe my ears ! do not my senses deceive me ! is it possible a member of this House, a British legislator, can undertake

' O /

not only to acknowledge his correspondence with DoClor Franklin, an open and avowed rebel, but to be daring enough to read the contents of this correspondence in his feat before

G.

A. iffli. D E # B A T E S. 195

the second assembly in the kingdom. This, wonderful as it was, did not constitute the climax of the honourable gentleman’s condu£; he had proceeded farther; he had actually gone with this letter to the very members of the administration, and shewed it, and avowed it. For his part, had he entered into any such correspondence, lie Ihoukl have lup - posed his inevitable fate would have been, his being taken intocustody, and sent to keep company with Mr. Laurens 1 in the Tower. He concluded with declaring, that he was satisfied there was no real cause of complaint on the score of improper treatment of Mr. Laurens, that the lieutenant - go - Tcrnorof the Tower had desired him to aflfure the House as much; that he had promised he would do lb, and had now performed his promiic.

Lord George Germain observed, that when he had said that Lord G. the honourable General had been released, he thought he had Germain, been speaking on very good grounds, for in a letter from Sir Henry Clinton he had been informed, that a proper number of men had been offered for the General’s release; and among others the Cedars prisoners; and that at last Congress seemed to accede, to the propriety of admitting the Cedar men in the exchange, and therefore he took it for granted that by this time the General was released. The motion that had been made, he had not the lead objection to As to the affair of Mr. Laurens, he knew of no ill - treatment ' that he had suffered; and he had in his hand a letter, dated Ncvember, 1780, in which that gentleman returned thanks for the indulgence he experienced, for the place of his confinement, and the liberty with which he had been indulged to walk about, by which he had greatly recovered from his infirmities.

Lord North said, the letter read by his noble friend was a LordNorth. proof that the charges brought by the honourable gentleman against ministers were ill - founded; he thought the honourable member rather a little wanting in candour as well as regularity, to enter lb largely into an accusation of ministers, when he was only going to give notice of a motion; and when of course, no motion being before the House, no reply could be made in defence : however, as all the honourable member had said reded upon his own alfertion, he would meet him with just as good authority, another assertion, and declare, that the charge of ill treatment towards Mr. Laurens was without any foundation in truth; when the motion of which notice had been given should come on, then the House would be able to judge, which of the two aifertiont

Cca had

196

PARLIAMENTARY

had the better foundation. He was a little surprizei at the honourable gentleman’s comparing minitlers to pettifoggers, merely for hiving governed their conduct by the laws of their country. He would appeal to the honourable gentleman as a friend to freedom, and as an admire1 0 : the pure1 principles of the 1 b itiflt conflitntion, whe; cr the iafety of the lives and property of individuals was moil likely to be endangered by muiifters acting at discretion, as recommended hv the honourable gentleman, or by confining their conduct on every occalson within the limits prese ibed by the known laws of the land ?.

As to the prisoners made at the Cedars, he hoped no British officer would ever desist from aiferting a right to have credit given for them : the manner in which they were made prisoners and released was this. Captain Forrcft, with a detachment of regulars and a party of Indians, had fallen •upon the post of the Cedars, and earned it : loin - of the Indians were killed, and the others infilled that some of he prisoners should be delivered up to them to be put to dea ’ b, to revenge the loss of their brethren : Captain Furred

certainly had too much humanity to comply with such a demand : but he was not able to prevent one of them from falling into the hands of the Indians, who killed him.

In order to lave the red, he applied in the night to general Arnold, who then commanded the rebels in the neighbourhood, told him the situation of the prisoners, and offered to j release them immediately, if the general would agree to give him credit for the number he should deliver to him; the general ag eed; the capitulation was signed, and tire pri - Joners delivered up : but Congress refused, without any co -; lour of j - uflice, to ratify the capitulation : We had an undoubted right to have the number of these men allowed to us; and he for one would never desist from the claim, but - he understood that they had admitted it.

Cen. Bpr - General Brirgyre admitted our claim to be just; hut 6 ° ync. - thought it hard that when other officers had been released, without Government’s having infilled on these men being allowed for that time, that in his case, they should be of - j - fered to Congress, and that he could not find ministers as favourable to him, as they h : d been to other officers before him, who had other prisoners given up for them, when the M Cedars prisoners had been rejected.

r ° x Mr. Fov said he did not know what might be called ill treatment by that House; but he would pledge himself for the

97

A. 73 D E B A i E S.

the truth of all that had been advanced by his honourable friend, respecting Mr. Laurens; and he was the more ready to do so, because, from his own knowledge, he could vouch for the truth of all the fafts that he had dated. With respect to the honourable General, he would say that he was sure it was not poilible that he could have been exchanged; and he was sure of it, from the circumstance of the - resolution of Cpngress, empowering Dr. Franklin to offer him in exchange for Mr. Laurens. As to the prisoners made at the Cedars, he thought we had a very good right to infill upon our claim to them; but he would say ministers had ailed with shamelul partiality, if they had desisted from this claim in favour of some officers; and persevered in it, when ' Others were concerned.

' Mr. Bu ' kc, alluding to what Lord Newhaven hnd said Mr. Burke, about being lent to the Tower, said, he was not rich enough to occupy apartments in the Tower; such a prison was better adapted to the rank and fortune of the noble Lord; however, if in the Tower, he ( Mr. Burke ) could enjoy the company of such men as Mr. Laurens and Dr. Franklin, he should not at all regret being shut tip from the company of the noble Lord.

The question was now put and agreed to without any division.

Mr. George Onslow rose to speak of the unparliamentary Mr Georg ? language of Mr. Burke, in reviling British honour, and Onslow British laws, and avowing a correspondence with one of the greatest of our rebellious enemies. He was flopped by the Speaker, who informed him he was disorderly, there tcing no quedion before the House.

Mr. Ord then brought up the Teport of the resolution of the committee of l ' upply on the Army - edimates. On the motion for reading it.

Sir J bn Wrottejly rose to vindicate his condu£l in the de - S ' rJ. Wrot - bate on the motion, which occupied the attention of the tefly House on lad Wednesday; as an honourable gentleman had, since that, cast an imputation of inconsistency on him for the part he had taken in the division on that motion. He recon ciled the declaration he then made of the impossibility of reducing America to obedience by a continuance of the mode heretofore observed in carying on the war; and of the drong hypothetic exprefdon he had used in confirmation of this. opinion. u That if the admmigration could procure and fend over, fifty thousand Ruffians to effect this purpose, he

9 PARLIAMENTARY ' A. 1781.

was persuaded their endeavours would be in vain. " He reconciled, he said, this declaration with his dividing against the motion for cealing all attempts to coerce America to its duty, by saying, that he coticeived that motion involved a declaration to withdraw all our forces from the continent, than which he could not apprehend any measure more destructive to this country; fmcc the moment they were withdrawn, we effectually gave up the dependency of America. He therefore trusted that gentlemen would learn from this explanation, to be more candid in future, and rein the ralh sallies of cenl ' ure, by the authority of found judgment.

CoUfertley Colonel HartLysaid, this was a moment in which the House, he hoped, would indulge him in expressing ' his wishes for proper ceconomy respecting the expenditure of the money now going to be granted for the army supplies. He by no means approved of past conduit in this regard; and, as a necessary flep to reformation, he declared his intention ( if no one eife took up the business ) to move, on some future day, for accounts on this head, to be laid before the House. Cen. Bar - General Burgcyneexpreiled his di ( approbation of the very coync. late and untimely season in which the extraordinaries of the army were generally laid before the House, and hoped, that in future, this evil would be remedied by the Secretary at War. He complained greatly of the distribution of prefer -. xnents, and the destination of the troops; and observed, 1 that the great and important confederation that had so properly arisen, and been difeuffed on Wednesday and Friday last, had prevented gentlemen from examining into the conduit of the army with that seriousness of scrutiny which so important a matter merited. If no other gentleman, less insignificant N than he was, would bring on the inquiry, he pledged himself

to do it, when the extraordinaries of the army were submit - ted to their confederation.

Tha Seete « The Secretary at War allured the House no blame in this tvyatWar. article lay at his door; he only signed his name to these accounts, and then presented them in his official capacity; but had no responsibility on account of them, so that he could have no interest in preventing the House from investigating them fully.

Ceneril General Smith spoke next to the following effect. Although Smith. theconlideration of the efti mates of the army now on your table,

furnishes me, fays the honourable General, with a proper occasion to express my opinion, which I might have conceived relative to any one of those cflimates, yet, Sir, the advices which

were

A. 1781. DEBATED

were yesterday received from India, call upon me more particularly to express the sentiments I entertain of the force - destined for that country. I have not been much accustomed to give commendations to his Majesty’s ministers, because ' I have seldom discovered wisdom in their councils, or energy in the execution of their resolves; but, Sir, candour obliges me to confess, that in this hour of great national calamity, where the British possessions in every quarter of the globe are act ually exposed to the ijifults of our common enemies, I fee with great satisfaction so powerful an armament now ready to fail for the protection of our Eastern dominions—an armament, Sir, superior to any force that ever was sent, in any one year, by this, or any other European nation, since the passage to India was first discovered. This effort, Sir, not only excites my approbation, but even my admiration ! — It will produce the best effects in India. — I know, Sir, that the French by their emissaries at the several courts of the Eastern princes, confederated against this nation, have Tcprefcnted the total inability of this kingdom to reinforce our armies in India, by magnifying the very great Losses we have really sustained in America, and the unequal contest in which we are engaged with France and Spain. Such an extraordinary exertion then, on the part of this nation, will have its full effect on the minds and in the councils of the Indian powers; it will convince them, that whatever errors may be committed by those who are in authority in that country, yet that this nation is determined to protest and preserve our valuable possessions in that quarter. Those pof - sessions have proved a mine of wealth to this nation, when peace was your first object. The vanity and ambition ( to aferibe no other motives ) of your governors abroad, and the misconduct of directors at home, have rendered those possessions a heavy burthen; that burthen, should the present system continue, will become unsupportable; it therefore behoves the King’s ministers to be very attentive to the choice of those men, who are to direct our councils, as I am convinced, that the armament, now under orders for India, is fully sufficient to all operations of war, and I think will procure peace upon very honourable terms.

Having said thus much in commendation of the King’s ministers, I must now most earnestly recommend to them, not to suffer their minds to be swayed from good policy by she intelligence received of General Coote’s success. His letter conveys the most pleasing advices, but the victory is

2QO

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781 *

by no means decisive; enable him to complete his success. — U is highly necessary then, that they should not relax in the ftnalleft degree in their preparations; and I tmft, that if ever it was in contemplation to divert any part of this force to another object, the reasons which I have now assigned, will have so much weight with administration, as to prevent any reduction being made in the number of troops, which by the estimates on your table, are to be voted for the service in India.

The refolntions of the committee were then read, and adopted by the House. —They are as follow

Resolved, That a number of land fore s, including four thousand one hundred and seventy - five invalids, amounting to 49, 455 tlVc&ive m ? n, commission and non - commission officers included, be employed for the year 1782.

That a lum not exceeding 1, 242, 835 !. 2s. 3d. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of 49, 455 effective men, for guards, gariifons, and other his Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Jerl ' cy, and Guernsey, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 43, 840 !. 6s. be granted to his Majesty, for the pay of the General and general staff - officers in Great Britain, for the year 1782.

That a Ann, not exceeding 1, 315, 523b 5s. iod. be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in garrit ' on at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the forces in North America, Nova - Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the West - Indies, and Africa, for the year 1782.

1 hat a sum, not exceeding 56, 074b 19s. 4I. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of five Hanoverian battalion > of foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provisions for the three battalions of the said troops at Gibraltar, for the year 1782.

That a fuin, not exceeding 367, 203b 9s. iod. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of thirteen thousand four hundred and seventy - two men, of the troops of the landgrave of Helle Castel in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy, for the year 1782, pursuant to treaty.

That a sum, not exceeding 6i, ioSh 1 is. o}. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of two thousand and ninety - four men, of the troops of Hanau, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy, pursuant to

treaty

G.

got

A. ijSi. DEBATES,

treaty with the hereditary prince of Hesse - Caflel, fox ' thtf year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 17, 498 ]. 3s. 2 d. be granted - to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of a regiment of foot of Waldeck, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy, pursuant to treaty with the reigning prince of Waldeck, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 93, 9471. 13s. 8d. be granted to his majesty, for defraying the charge of four thousand three hundred men, the troops of the reigning duke of Brunswick, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 43, 665k 12s. 3d. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of one thousand five hundred and fifty - nine men, of the troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy for the year 1782, pursuant to treaty.

That a sum, not exceeding 23, 818k us. 1 i dj be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of nine hundred and thirty - three men of the troops of Anhalt Zerbft, in the pay. of Great Britain; together with the subsidy, pursuant to treaty with the reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbft, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding £5, 469 !. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of provisions for the foreign troops serving in North America, in the pay of Great Britain, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 15, 499k 17s. $d. be granted to his Majesty, to make good a deficiency in the sums voted for the troops of the hereditary Prince of Heffc CafTel in the pay of Great Britain, being the charge of an augmentation to the said troops, from the 6th day of April 1781, to the 24th day of December following.

That a sum, not exceeding 3, 282k 12s. 3d. be granted t < his Majesty, to make good a deficiency in the sums voted for the troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the pay of Great Britain, being the charge of an augmentation to the said troops, from the 2d day of March 1781, to the 24th day of December following.

That a sum, not exceeding 4, 942k 19 *. be granted to is Majesty, to make good a deficiency in the sums voted for the troops of Anhalt Zerbft, in the pay of Great Britain, being:

• the charge of an augmentation to the said troops, from the

2001

PAR LI AMENTA R Y. A. 1781 *

by no means decifire; enable him to complete his success. —

It is highly necessary then, that they should not relax in the final left degree in their preparations; and I trust, that it ever it was in contemplation to divert any part of this force to another object, the reasons which I have now assigned, will have so much weight with administration, as to prevent any reduction being made in the number of troops, which hv the estimates on your table, are to be voted for the service in India.

The resolutions of the committee were then read, and a - dopted by the House. — - They are as follow : i

Resolved, That a number of land fore s, including four j thousand one hundred and seventy - five invalids, amounting I to 49, 455 ctic&ive m n, commission and non - commission I officers included, he employed for the year 1782.

That a sum not exceeding 1, 242, 835 !. 2s. 3d. be granted ! to his Majesty ., for defraying the charge of 49, 455 effective men, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the year ] 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 43, 840b 6s. be granted to his Majesty, for the pay of the General and general staff - officers in Great Britain, for the year 1782.

That a fuui, not exceeding 1, 3157523 !. 5s. iod. be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the forces in Norrh America, Nova - Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the West - Indies, and Africa, for the year 1782.

1 hat a sum, not exceeding 56, 074b 19s. 44. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of five Hanoverian battalion of foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provi - j fions for the three battalions of the said troops at Gibraltar, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 367, 203b 9s. iod. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of thirteen thousand four hundred and seventy - two men, of the troops of the \

. landgrave of Helle CafTel in the pay of Great Britain, toge - j

ther with the subsidy, for the year 1782, pursuant to treaty.

That a sum, not exceeding 6i, ioSl. 11s. oj. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of two thousand and ninety - four men, of the troops of Hanau, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy, pursuant to I

treaty

201

A. 1781. DEBATES *

treaty with the hereditary prince of HeiTe - Caflel, for thtf year 1782.

That ' a sum, not exceeding 17, 498 !. 3s. 2{d. be granted - to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of a regiment of foot of Waldeck, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy, pursuant to treaty with the reigning prince of Waldeck, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 93, 947 !. 15s. 8d. be granted to his majesty, for defraying the charge of four thousand three hundred men, the troops of the reigning duke of Brunswick, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 43, 665 !. 12s. 3d. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of one thousand five hundred and fifty - nine men, of the troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the pay of Great Britain, together with the subsidy for the year 1782, pursuant to treaty.

Thatafum, not exceeding 23, 8181. 11s. n d be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of nine hundred and thirty - three men of the troops of Anhalt Zerbft, in the pay. of Great Britain; together with the subsidy, pursuant t treaty with the reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbft, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding £5, 469 !. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of provisions for the foreign troops serving in North America, in the pay of Great Britain, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 15, 4991. 17s. 5d. be granted to his Majesty, to make good a deficiency in the sums voted ' for the troops of the hereditary Prince of Hesse CafTel in the pay of Great Britain, being the charge of an augmentation to the said troops, from the 6th day of April 178 to the, 24th day of December following.

That a sum, not exceeding 3, 282 !. 12s. $d. be granted his Majesty, to make good a deficiency in the sums voted for the troops of the Margrave of Brandebourg Anfpach, in the pay of Great Britain, being the charge of an augmentation to the said troops, from the 2d day of March 1781, to the 24th day of December following.

Thatafum, not exceeding 4, 942b 19 *. be granted to Ji is Majesty, to make good a deficiency in the sums voted for the troops of Anhalt Zerbft, in the pay of Great Britain, being 1 the charge of an augmentation to the said troops, from the Vol. V. D d > 8th

202

Sir Grey Cooper.

Mr. Byng.

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

18th day of April 1781, to the 24th day of December fob lowing.

That a sum, not exceeding 27, 6831. 14s. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of Artillery for the foreign troops, in the pay of Great Britain, pursuant to treaties, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 677, 497b 1 es. iod. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the several counties in South Britain, and of four regiments of fencible - men in North - Britain, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 100, 594b 17s. id. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of the clothing for the embodied militia in South Britain, for the year 1782.

That a sum, not exceeding 21, 329b 18s. 8a. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of a regiment of light dragoons, and two regiments of foot, from the 24th day of September 1781, to the 24th day of December following.

That a sum, not exceeding 36, 280b 10$. 8d. be granted to his majesty, on account, for the pay necessary to be advanced to one regiment of light dragoons, seven battalions and a detachment of foot, for l ' ervice in East India, for the year 1782.

Adjourned to the 20th.

December 20.

As soon as the Speaker and members returned from the House of Lords, where they had gone to attend the king in the passing of several bills,

Sir Grey Cooper role, and moved, tc That at the riling of the House this day, they should adjourn to Tuesday the 22d day of January next. "

Mr. Byng rose on this, and with evident astonishment exclaimed, " Adjourn to the 22d of January next ! " Good God ! Mr. Speaker, in such a moment as the present, could you, could any man in this country have suspeaccf it possible, that a motion of adjournment for lo long a time should have taken place; or indeed, that any adjournment should have. been propol ' ed at all ! Thefituation of the country was new; it was unprecedented, and it called for extraordinary exertions of the parliament. This was a moment when the Crown ought to take the benefit of the advice of the national council. All the vvildom of the empire was required. The difailer of the other day, he meant the failure of Admiral Kcmpenfelt’s expedition, demanded their moftferious and solemn attention.

The

203

A. 1781.. DEBATES.

The people called for it at their hands, and it was a duty ' with which they could not dispense. The fa£V was, that the - first lord of the Admiralty had sent but twelve, or thirteen ships at the irtoft, to attack and defeat an armament of nineteen or twenty ships of the line; was this a measure to be "borne ? Was it thus that the maritime affairs of this country were to be conducted, and thus that the valuable possessions of Great Britain were to be protected and saved ? This important armament, designed for so important an ' object, was JufFered to proceed to the place of its destination uninjured in any essential manner. It was very true that the British admiral, by the ikill and bravery which he possessed, had been able to take some of the transports of the enemy. He acknowledged the obligation which he and every man was under to admiral Kempenfelt for what he had done; but the conduct of the Admiralty, who had suffered him to proceed to lea with a fleet so inferior and so inadequate, deserved the ftri&cft - exa - mination and inquiry of the House. Were the Admiralty ignorant of the number of the enemy’s ships ? If they were, he would venture to say, that they were the only people in this country who were ignorant of the preparations that were making, or the deiign that was formed, of the number of the ships, and of the time of its failing. Instead of adjourning, it became the House instantly to inquire into the conduct of the Admiralty in this case. Were they to shew themselves so fond of their own ease, and so little attentive to the inte - rests of the people, as to quit the House and retire to inactivity and feasting

It was well known that after arecefs, there never was a full attendance before the call of the House, and at present the order for the call Hood for the 31st of January; so that there would be a difference of nine days between the meeting after the recess and the call of the House; or in other words, just so many days would be loft to the public, because it was the call that procured attendance; and in the present state of our affairs, the loss of nine days might be irreparable. How, therefore, could the House think of fending gentlemen down to their constituents, while affairs remained in so very critical a ( ituation ? How could they think of the mirth or the pleasures of the season, when perhaps in the moment of their giddy gratifications their country might totter to its basis ? Betides, this motion for the adjournment might, prevent some business from being brought on this day, by an honourable friend of his, who intended to say something to the House;

D d 2and

ao4

IA - Nc th.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

. and therefore for this and various other reasons, he hoped gentlemen would lose fight of this favourite adjournment; and dedicate some more time to public affairs.

Lord North apprehended, that in one respect the honurable member was under a mistake; for though the queflioo then before the House should - be carried, ft ill it would not prevent any gentleman from bringing forward, the moment after the question should have been carried, any business that he might wish to agitate; for the question was only that the House, at its rising this day, should adjourn to the 22d of

January; and therefore it did not at all interfere with any ufinels that might be brought on before the riling of the House. With respect to the adjournment for the holidays, he would say, that many gentlemen had gone out of town with the idea, that the House was not to meet again till the 22d; and indeed, considering that gentlemen seldom returned to town before the Queen’s birth - day, it would be nearly useless to make the House meet again before the period stated in the motion f no serious ana important question ought to be agitated in a thin House; and yet he believed, that if any great question were to be proposed after the holidays, but before the birth - day, there would certainly be nothing like a full attendance of the members, —But with respect to adjourning to an earlier period, he could only say, that if it was the disposition of the House, it would be agreeable to him. He could have no wish, with respect to himself, for a long adjournment, since, whether the House was adjourned or not, he could not be far distant from town; but, as he had said, many gentlemen were gone into the country, under the perfualion that the House was to be adjourned to the 22d, and that the call of the House was not to be till the 31ft; they had to attend the sessions, and had other occasions of absence, which would be broken in upon by the alteration proposed. It was as ftiort a day too, he thought, as could conveniently be taken. The 22d was on ' Tuesday; the day before that was Monday; the day before was Sunday; the next was Saturday; and the next was the Queen ? s birth - day. He did not fee bow any other day could be taken, except Monday the 21ft; and if gentlemen chose that the call of the House should be earlier than it was settled to bc ? they had it in their power to move to that effect; and > he was sure his honourable friend who made the motion was not so wedded to the one more than to the other, but that bp Would readily adopt in his motion which - ever of the two days

froy,

A. 1781. DEBATES. aoj

should be more pleading to the House. But from custom, and the usual practice of the House, he thought the recess then moved for by no means too long; it was customary also to give a month or six weeks notice of a call of the House; at present it flood for the 31ft, but if gentlemen should think proper to meet again on the 2ifl, the call might be fixed for the fame day, or for the day after; he saw no impropriety in having the House called over on the day of its meeting, or the day after.

The Speaker said, that on the 22d there would be a ballot for TheSp « k - an election committee; and that therefore it would be rather inconvenient to have the call on that day : he thought it proper at the same time to inform the House, that in consequence of the order of the House, on the 5th instant, he, on the 6th, had signed all the letters for the sheriffs, fie wards of boroughs, &c. &c. acquainting them with the order for the call : to these letters he had not received answers from all the parties; he had received about 30 answers; but the persons to whom he had sent letters, were about too in number.

Mr. Burke said, he opposed the motion of adjournment, Mr. B « as well on the fame grounds as those gone over by his honourable friend, as on account of a petition, which he held in his hand, of the utmost importance to the honour and welfare of the nation. It was a petition of Mr. Laurens to the House, which involved in the case fought by that gentleman the happiness, moil probably, and dignity of this empire.

And he therefore begged leave to inform the House that, as soon as the present motion should be disposed of, he would move for leave to present this petition. He said, that he had endeavoured to discharge his worthy correspondent’s friendly trust, by a negociation frith Administration, which had proved ineffectual, and he was therefore at length reduced to the necessity of laying before the House the petition of Mr. Laurens, which had lain by him for some time, in hopes he should have had nooccasion to use it, from a favourable issue to that negociation; for these reasons he rose on the fide of his honourable friend the ohje&or, as he thought no adjournment ought to be agreed on before business of such vast import to the nation was first dispatched.

Mr. Fox spoke with great energy on the difaflrous event Mr. Fox of Adrniral Kempenfelt’s interview with the French fleet.

It was impossible that any thing short of treachery could have pcofioned a copduft so ignominious and disgraceful. If it

was

PARLIAMENTARY a ijSi.

yrasigqoranoe or incapacity lone, that could have induced the Xarlof Sandwich to fepd twelve ships to light twenty, he could only say that it was ignorance and incapacity unparallclled in the history of all times. Had any man in this kingdom been ignorant of t} e state and number of the French armament ? He would venture to say, that if the First Lord of the Admiralty was ignorant, he was the only person who was so in this. kingdom. A fortnight ago it was a matter of general notoriety, and every man who had intelligence of fleets, that is, the merchants and gentlemen whose interests are at flake in the present momentous contest, all believed and knew, that the French had it in their power, and had an intention of fending one or two and twenty ships to sea upon this expedition. He, for his own part, did not boast of his intelligence but he had mentioned, in his place, in that House that the enemy’s squadron, in Bred water, was twenty or twenty two ships. Were the Admiralty ignorant of the fad ? If they were, they were criminal for being so. If they knew the fast, as indeed they muff, why did they not give Admiral Kempcnfelt a greater force to meet the enemy ? WouU they say that they had not more ships in readiness at Portt - mouth, and other places, which might have joined him, it they had received orders ? They would not venture to say so. He did not mean to censure the condu£b of Admiral Kcmpenfelt; so much the contrary, that he thought his behaviour was exceeding praise - worthy; it did him honour. But lie must say that the nation incurred the disgraceof fee -; ing a squadron of her ships fly from a pursuing enemy. It was true that he had taken a few of the transports, and some of them had come into port. It was an advantage, but he j had retreated from the en emy, and he was forced todofo.. This he could not forget, nor could he forget the rapture that filled every man’s mind ( who believed the information of the Admiralty ) on Monday last, when they were given to undei staird, that the two fleets were in fight of each other, and that the British squadron was nearly able to cope with the enemy; that, is to say; that Admiral Kempenfdt had twelve ships, and the enemy only thirteen or fourteen. It Was a thing so unusual, and so new; it was also so unexpected, and so fortunate, that gentlemen were transported. with joy, and began to hope that something like vigour and activity had at last crept into the cabinet; for his own part, he fa irly owned that he was so perverfc as to doubt the truth I. of the Admiralty report, and for this reason, that for a

fortnight

2oJ '

A. t ? 8i. t > E fc A T E S.

fortnight before, as he said, every body but the First Lord of the Admiralty, knew that the enemy had at least twenty [ hips to send to sea if they pleasedw But gentlemen were : redulou$. They believed it from the best of motives, be - : ause they wiiheq it to be true. But how short lived werq their raptures, and how miserably were they awakened front the dream of succesc I The thirteen; ships were turned into twenty, and the brilliant vi&qry ipto a providential cfeape In every corner of the worhj vpe were taught that the enemy was ( uperior to us in naval strength, except in Europe In Europe we were said to have a fnperiorky, and we were con - soled and comforted by this reflexion. See how Lord Sand wich proves that we are superior. By fending twelve ships to meet twenty, he proves his boasted iuperiority. We had heard from a noble Lord at the Bpard of Admiralty, that wd were and must be inferior to the enemy; for when they applied all their resources to their navy, they mull command a greater forge than Great - Britaip,. who used to be the mHlriis of the ocean, cou\d put to sea. This was deqipd by some and disputed by others. They said, that the i&yyot Great - ? Britain had been always superior to that of France, and that it ought to be so at all times.. But fee, fays the honourable gentleman, how the Earl of Sandwich proves the, aiTertion It is inferior, and it will and must be inferior, so long as that noble Lord remains the naval rpinifter of this country Luring the whole of the war, be defied the friends of thd Admiralty Board to mention any opt instance, or occasion; on which the First Lord of the Admiralty had. shewn hirtfelf either a wife, a vigilant, a capable, pu p good mihifter. : Hd could never forget, the assertion which he made in his place in the other House It had been quoted, and it must be quoted so Ipng a§ he ( houki continue at. th ? head of that Board, insulting, ruining, and disgracing his country Hd was told, that the aftertion had been denied, but that wat immaterial. He knew that the assertion had been made; and he bad a. right to mention ft, beqause the aifcrtion had affected the proceedings of Tarliamfot - Sayings - upon subjects of the first importance, delivered by men respodfiblo for their condufL could not fail of making an impression on the minds of all who had once hear df them.. It was im possible not to remember them, and he wquW maintain. against all controversy, t ) at he was perfectly warrantable in - looking up to those feyipgs, in commenting upon then ), ttwl Qom < paring therewith the subsequent condyft of the party who

made

PARLIAMENTARY. A. i ) 8

made them, as often as occasion required. The First Lord of the Admiralty might ' shift his ground, he might aim at evasion, he might boldly deny at a future, what he had9 perhaps, rashly asserted at a former period; but he never should escape him, or perfuadebim to forget, what had with so much reason fattened itself upon His mind immovably. Indeed the assertion relative to the duty of the First Lord of the Admiralty, made by the Earl of Sandwich, was almost the only assertion which had ever come from the lips of that noble Lord flnee he had been in office worth any gentleman’s recollection. The speech, of which that auertioa made a part, was a manly speech; it was the speech of an Englishmen; it became the noble Lord’s character, it became his official situation; he boldly declared it to be hi duty to have a fleet equal to that of France and Spain. If however by the fortune of war, or by the accumulation of ' enemies, he failed to have, as he ought and declared he ought, a fleet equal to the enemy, what was the next thing which a wife and an active minister would do ? What ! but to make his inferior fleet go as far, and do as much good as possible ! Inferior to France and Spain - when joined, it might have been able to meet either of them apart. It ought therefore to have been his study to - keep them apart. Had this been the policy of the First Lord of the Admiralty } No; on the contrary, he had never once attempted to keep the fleets of France and Spain separate from ' each other. They had met, joined, parted, and gone to thrir several harbours; the one to Brett, and the other to Cadii. as quietly and as safely as in a moment of peace. Never until this moment had there been an attempt made to intercept and prevent their junction. Now an attempt was made, it was right it was proper, it was suited to the exigency of our affairs, and it was a measure founded on a truly British principle.

But it was new to the Earl of Sandwich, it was out of his ftileof acting, it was out of his scope of management, and fee how he has bungled in the execution. To prevent their junction, and to defeat the French expedition, he sent twelve ships to meet nineteen1 or twenty. Was it possible that we could suffer this ? Wash possible that we could think of adjourning for so long a time ? Perhaps we were fond of ad - { journment. It was said, that people were fond of that which I

cost them dear. If so, it was no wonder that the House of j

Commons should be fond of an adjournment. An adjournment had cost them thirteen provinces It was that fatal adjournment

A. 1781 *

DEBATES.

209

adjournment for six weeks, which the minister had extorted from the House in the beginning of 1778, that had ruined the country; for in that adjournment it w ' as that the treaty between France and America had been signed. He called upon the House to do their duty. There muil be an inquiry into the conduct of the First Lord of the Admiralty, if not an impeachment. From his foul he thought and believed, that there was something more than ignorance and incapacity at the bottom of his conduct. But there mufl be an in -

n. The drfgraces of the British flag called upon the b to go into an inquiry. The divisions and distra&ions in the royal navy; their injuries and complaints, called upon the House. The banishment of so many brave and experienced officers was a call upon them. The inferiority of our fleets in every corner of the world; the loss of many of our West - India islands, and the imminent danger of the rest, called upon them to make the inquiry. The sufferings and the clamours of the people called upon them, and last of ail this recent instance and proof of incapacity, or of ignorance, or of treachery, called upon them loudly to make the inquiry without the loss of a single minute; to search to the bottom of our naval management, and to apply to the Crown to remove this man from a feat which so many calamities and errors had proved him to be unfit to hold. He was willing to refer the whole of the question to the feelings of the House; nay, even to the feelings of the Treasury Bench.

Was there a man upon that Bench, Lords of the Admiralty excepted, who would stand up and declare upon his honour, that he thought the Earl of Sandwich a fit and proper person to conduct the naval affairs of this country } To that test he would leave the question; and when the House knew that there was not even a minister who thought Lord Sandwich a proper man to be a minister, how could they go down to their constituents, how could they look them in the face, and how answer for their servility, or their baseness in not addressing the Throne to remove a man, who in their hearts they believed to be unfit for the office which he held

Lord North rose and said, that so far from wishing to LordNorth. shelter the First Lord of the Admiralty from the desired inquiry, he knew, and he was authorised to say, that the noble Ford himself, so far from wishing to avoid it, was ready, was willing, and desired to meet it. He knew so much of the noble Lord as to believe, that he wished as much as any man inr this kingdom for an inquiry into his condutt. The Vol. V. E e honoui -

L

9 *

PARLIAMENT A

made them, as often as occasion reqjr t 1 of the Admiralty rnight > shift his ? cvafion, he might boldly deny perhaps, rashly asserted at a/ : should escape him, or perfoar jJ ' f

t

cS

■;. r/

4/8 !.

yuh licit inve&ivcs in him be - able gentle - erwards. been proposed /e on the 31ft, /ne instances ne - mediate inquiry; a bufim fs for the oers as might come c expedient to vote for moved that the House nstead of the 22d, which from the Sunday, and the quarter - fdfion *, he

so much reason fattened Indeed the assertion relar

the Admiralty, made 1J

the only assertion wbyj. noble Lord since man’s recolk&icJ made a pan, r {r Englishmen came his t duty to Y « 1

howev ' y

' enem - ouldnot possibly be fixed for an earlier day. How

©u ' aKmrd to the call it might be made on the

til

- etore,

tP "O

( lay of

been frequently repeated as well as on the present % ion, that the adjournment of Parliament four years aro 7the cause of the French alliance with America. He uld bc bold to say such an assertion was not true. It could be proved in any. respect that Parliament, either fitting or 3tljourning a fortnight or three weeks, instead of fix, could have in the least assisted such a treaty.

Mr. T. Townjbcnd said, that they ought not to adjourn; no day was too sacred for the inquiry which was proposed, nor ought the House to think of Christmas gambols, and Christmas recess, when their country was in so perilous a Hate. That day, which was to every gentleman a day of festivity and pleasure, the birth - day of their amiable and virtuous queen, ought to be dedicated this year to parliamentary inquiry. Their love and their reverence of her Majesty, and of her numerous and promising family, ought to incite them to inquire how, and by whom, that family bad been deprived of their birth - right. They were born to the inheritance of a great and lplended empire, which was now, or was likely soon to be reduced to a petty kingdom, perhaps to a dependent province of France. The navy of England was diminished and reduced in a manner which gave the most dreadful apprehensions to every thinking man. In every corner of the world it was inferior. He was given to understand that Sir Samuel Hood had taken almost every ship with him to the West - Indics, and that Prince William,

the

L

air

9x; D E B T E S.

• hopes of the British navy, was left with two ships rk. He declared that our iituation appeared to rul, that it was his firm opinion, that in twelve Perhaps, and moll probably in fx, our fate as be decided; and yet this was the moment ne going down to paftlines and merriment, the blue riband had laid, that no gen - eir present Severity against the nolVe Admiralty, after the ensuing inquiry, would inform him whether that in - at us of our inferiority in every part \\ 1 ? Whether it was rtquisite to

., i of the lmc being lent to eppose -. icmy ? Whether it was necessary to ac - - joI the defenceless date of our West - India dominions ? And whether it was necessary to acquaint us that the greatest part of our empire was irretrievably loft. If these were to be unlearnt from the inquiry then our language would certainly be different. But as thele were well k own, he could fee no reason for preluming that either our opinions, or our language, would alter their tenor As the noble Lord had so solemnly pledged himself that the inquiry would be made, he could fee no propriety in deferring it for the adjournment.

Lord Alulgravtobftrved, that though the honourable Lord Mol -

member who had been so liberal of his charges against the rave *

First Lord of the Admiralty, confounded that nobleman’s two capacities of a cabinet minister and First Lord of the Admiralty, they were, nevertheless, very distinct from each other : the one might be called a state capacity; the other official; the one of the cabinet, the other of office. Gentlemen were exceedingly fond of blending the two characters together, the ollieial and the cabinet minister, by which means they wished artfully to throw blame upon him by attributing that to the office which was due, not to hiraiingly, as the First Lord of the Admiralty, but to the Cabinet - council, of which lie was but one member. Thus the argument of blame had been l ' upposed to lie at the door of the First Lord of the Admiralty, in regard to the twelve fail o the line lent out under Admiral Kempcnfelt; whereas the inquiry ought to have two branches. It ou ? ht first to aik whether Government, that is say, whether the Cabinet Council were right in fending out twelve ships to watch the motions of nineteen. And lccondly, whether the Admiralty

E e 2 Boaid

G,

210

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

honourable gentleman had attacked the noble Lord with heat and violence, and had thrown upon him many invc&ivcs which he was convinced could only be thrown upon him before the inquiry, but which neither the honourable gentleman, nor any man, would throw upon him afterwards.

Relative to the time of adjournment, it had been proposed for the 22d of January, anti the call to be on the 31ft. Were not an adjournment usual, and in fume instance needrary, he should really move for an immediate inquiry; but as it was necessary on such a serious buiiir fs for the House to be attended by as many members as might come on a solemn call, he thought it more expedient to vote for the adjournment. He, therefore, moved that the House adjourn to the 21ft, instead of the 22J, which from the queen’s birth - dav, Sunday, and the quarter - fdlions, he thought could not possibly be fixed for an earlier day. However in regard to the call it might be made on the day of meeting.

It had been frequently repeated as well as on the present question, that the adjournment of Parliament four years ago was the cause of the French alliance with America. He would be bold to say such an aftertion was not true. It could nor be proved in any rclpc£l that Parliament, cither fitting or adjourning a fortnight or three weeks, instead of fix, could have in the least allifted such a treaty.

Mr. T. Mr. T. 7cwnjhcnd laid, that they ought not to adjourn; lown/hend. n0 jay Was too faered for the inquiry which was proposed, nor ought the House to think of Christmas gambols, and Christmas recess, when their country was in so perilous a flate. That day, which was to every gentleman a day of festivity and pleasure, the birth - day of their amiable and virtuous queen, ought to be dedicated this year to parliamentary inquiry. Their love and their reverence of her Majesty, and of her numerous and promising family, ought to incite them to inquire how, and by whom, that family bad been deprived of their birth - right. They were born to the inheritance of a great and fplcnded empire, which was now, or was likely soon to be reduced to a petty kingdom, perhaps to a dependent province of France. The navy of England was diminished and reduced in a manner which gave the most dreadful apprehenftons to every thinking man. In every corner of the world it was inferior. He wr3$ given to understand that Sir Samuel Hood had taken alruoft every ship with him to the Weft - Indics, and that Prince William,

the

air

A. 1781. D E B T E S.

rhe riling hopes of the British navy, was left with two ships at New - York. He declared that our iituation appeared to him so dreadful, that it was his firm opinion, that in twelve months more, perhaps, and mod probably in f; x, our fate as an empire would be decided; and yet this was the moment when gen ’ lemen were going down to padnncs and merriment.

The noble Lord in the blue riband had laid, that no gentlemen could hold their present severity against the nob ' e Lord at the he, : d of the Admiralty, aftei the tvffuing inquiry.

He wished the noble Lord would inform him whether that inquiry wasrequidte to acquaint ns of our inferiority in every part where our fleets were wanted } Whether it was reqeilite to acquaint us of twelve fail of the line being lent to cppole nineteen of the enemy ? Whether it was ncceiiary to acquaint us of the defeoceless date of our Wed - India dominions r And whether it was nccelTary to acquaint us that the greated part of our empire was irretrievably lod. If these w ere to be unlearnt from the inquiry then our language would certainly he different. But as these were well k own, he could fee no reason for presuming that either our opinions, or our language, would alter their tenors As the noble Lord had lb solemnly pledged himself that the inquiry would be made, he could fee no propriety in deferring it for the adjournment.

Lord Mitlgravtobf rved, that though the honourable Lord Mul - member who had been so liberal of his charges against the rlvc *

Fird Lord of the Admiralty, confounded that nobleman’s t o capacities of a cabinet minider and Fird Lord of the Admiralty, they were, nevertheless, very didinft from each other : the one might be called a date capacity; the other official; the one of the cabinet, the other of cilice. Gcn - tlemen were exceedingly fond of blending the two characters together, the official and the cabinet minider, by which means they wished artfully to throw blame upon him by attributing that to ihc oflice which was due, not to him singly, as the Fird Lord of the Admiralty, but to the Cabinet - council, of which he was but one member. Thus the argument of blame had been iupposed to lie at the door of the Fird Lord of the Admiralty, in regard to the twelve fail o - ’ the line lent out under Admiral Kempenfelt; whereas the inquiry ( ought to have two branches. It ou ht fird to aik whether Government, that is say, whether the Cabinet Council were right in fending out twelve ships to watch the motions of nineteen. And secondly, whether the Admiralty

E e 2Boaid

G

21Z

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Board had been negligent in equipping and getting ready the force ordered by Government for this service. It was then two questions; a question of Hate and a question of office. To the latter he would speak first, as it was that to which he was, from situation, best qualified to speak.

From the accounts that had arrived at the Admiralty Board, it appeared that it was in the month of September last, the French began to make preparations for that very expedition, on which the fleet and convoy which had been met by Admiral ’ Kempenfelt, were sent : our fleet was at that time at sea under Admiral Darby; and did not return to port till the 6th of November. As the intentions of the French were not unknown to Government, orders were given by that Board, that every exertion should be made for getting ready a squadron, the destination of which was to intercept the expedition that was fitting out at Brest : and though the honourable member had been pleased to accuse the Board of neglect, yet so it was, that we had a squadron at sea before the French; though the latter began their preparations pretty early in September; and the mips which composed that squadron did not return to Portsmouth ' to refit till the 6th of November; they had been out eight months, with the intermission of not more than about sixty days. They wanted much refitting. Great exertions were made, and it it was very clear that so far from being negligent, our exertions had been great; much greater indeed than those of the French, since, though they had the start of us by a whole month to prepare, we had sent a squadron to sea the 2d of December, and the French did not fail till the 6th.

As to the article of intelligence or information; in which the honourable member supposed the Admiralty to be deficient, he could only say that they had early notice of the intention of the French cabinet, to send out a reinforcement to the West Indies; and that in consequence of that notice, Admiral Kempenfelt’s squadron had been fitted out : the intelligence had indeed varied with respect to numbers, but from all the accounts and variations combined, there had not been reason to suppose that more than eight ships would have been sent out from Brest for the West - Indies; if the French had altered their mind, we could not help that; and yet, he believed he might say fix of the ships which admiral Kempenfelt saw in the line in the morning, had failed the pre - reding day from Brest, and not at the same time with the ceft of the fleet; nay, that some of the others had not come from Brest at all, but from Rochfort and other places, from

A. 1781. DEBATES.

which they had joined the squadron. He would undertake to say, that there had been no official neglect whatever, and that whenever the truth came out, it would be fround, that from the time that the orders of government were lent to the Admiralty - office, not a moment was loft in getting ready the ships destined for the l ' ervice, to execute which admiral Kempenfelt was ordered to hoist his flag. " But why did not lord Sandwich fend more shipsr" rind, " if he could not fend more, why did he hazard tliofc against lb dispropor - tionate an enemy r" Thelc were the questions to be answer - cd. He could not fend more, because other objc&s were to be attended to Admiral Rodney was preparing to fail; he must not be detained. If any of his ships had been detached on this service, there was no saying when they might return; they might be crippled. They might delay, if not prevent his expedition. " Then why fend so small a forcer" For many reasons. If any accident should have prevented the French from fending so many ships to fca as they had intended; if any accident had overtaken them; if they had been dispersed; if they had been, as they in part were, encumbered with their convoy; if they had been thrown into confusion on account of their number; if those, or if a thousand other circumstances had happened, the small squadron which was sent might have gained a decisive victory. Still there were hopes. If they should yet be encumbered with their convoy; if a storm should happen; if they should meet with a contrary wind; if there should be in the convoy a number of lazy, flow sailors, to retard their progress; if they should be dispersed; Sir George Rodney might get to the West - Indies before them; if he should have a fair wind, as he had clean ships, and was not loaded with a convoy.

Hitherto he had spoken of lord Sandwich as in his official capacity at the Admiralty - board. In his other capacity of a cabinet minister, those with whom he fat in the cabinet knew best how to defend him; this much however he would say of the cabinet in general, that such was their pow er, thut they had the distribution of the naval force of the kingdom, and it had been known in former administrations, that orders had been sent from the cabinet to the Admiralty, to prepare a certain number of ships, without giving, at the same time, the least intimation on what expedition they were to be employed, so that in fa ft though the Admiralty was not without intelligence, yet very often fqundrons were fitted out in conference of information received elsewhere, and not communicated

' PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

ntcated to the Admiralty : that Board therefore was chiefly official, and bound to obey the directions of his Majesty’s confidential ferrants. As to the conduct of the noble Lord at the head of the Admiralty, in his official capacity he would say this much, that a more induHrious, indefatigable, zea - 1 lous, and active man never fat in the fame office : the noble, Lord had his confidence and his friend Hup, because he knew I how well dispored and qualified he was to support the navy of 1 this country; and in justice to him he mult make this one observation, that though at the beginning of the American war, one of the principal arguments urged against that war was the ruin it would bring upon our navy, by the loss of the American Tailors; yet not with {landing the loss of those, sailors, we had actually, through the managequent and in - ! duilry of lord Sandwich, a much llronger navy than we had during the last war, when wc had the Americans to affill in manning our Blips; and therefore he mufl say, that as a friend to the noble Earl, he mufl be proud to fee an inquiry into his conduct instituted; when he made no doubt but it Would be terminated as honourably to his noble friend, as the lall inquiry that had been let on foot in another place.

He himself had been accused of despondency, when in that House he had asserted, that whenever France should turn all her attention to, and throw all her rcfourccs into her navy, Bie mufl nccelfarily be superior to us at lea : but he did not think there was any ground in that affiertion for a charge of despondency; in his opinion, that man only was desponding, w ho did not dare to look his situation in the face; that was not his case; for his advice was to face our enemies manfully, and to oppose a bold perseverence to their superiot numbers. I now again declare, fays the noble Lord, we never have been equal in point of numbers with the whole j House of Bourbon; and when we came neartil to that power, it was with the united strength of our allies; yet even now, Bugle and out - numbered as we arc, I di ( claim the language of dcljpai; I diiclaim language that Britons never did, and I trufl never will use. What we want in quantity, I am con - j Bdent our brave tars will shew the world, in quality wc 1 make up, and that by a continuance of those exertions, which has rendered the British name, a name of reverence through - ' out the world, this country will terminate a war of necessity by a peace of glory, I have indeed heard the moil daflardly and dishonourable expressions fall from gentlemen, but net on my fide of the House, That a peace should in all events

V

A. 1781. DEBATES.

be made. —I will not comment on the purpose of such language; but this I will lay, that British {pint must be ex - tin£V, when such language is deemed pntriotism. He was aware the honourable gentleman had said, "that was not fair reasoning, wc were not to compare our navy now with what it was formerly, hut with the navy of the enemy with whom we were to fight. " Had this war been a war of ambition, or of choice, his lordship said he should have admitted the force of the objection, and have agreed that miniftqrg would have been criminal, had they precipitated the nation into a war without having a navy more powerful than that of the foe they were to fight with; but gentlemen well knew the fa£k was otherwise; the present administration did not provoke the war, they were forced into it by the rebellion of the colonies, the treachery of ancient allies, and the perfidy and the restless ambition of the Houl ' e of Bourbon.

Gentlemen took a pleasure, when speaking of the misfortunes of this country, to call them disgraccs; he could not fee with what foundation; for it was not disgraceful to be worded; and he would venture to say, that there had been in the present war, a number of bold and heroic actions, in which there was the utmost brilliancy, more indeed than in any former war, sufficient to signalize any sera, or maintain and uphold the honour of any country.

He said the present distress of the country did not amount to any thing like a conviction that a great and free people, like the people of Great - Britain, ought to follow the advice, which toliis utter surprize had lately fallen from the lips of an honourable gentleman, who had formerly filled one of the first offices of date, and now held a high military employ That honourable gentleman had said, " if wc cannot have a navy nearly equal to the House of Bourbon, in God’s name, let us submit, let us lay down our arms, let us sue for peace, and accept it almost on any conditions ! " This was indeed the language of defpondcncy; and he could not again help repeating his astonishment that such language should come from such a gentleman ! Was it by abandoning ourselves to despair in the moment of exigency, that we could hope to extricate ourselves ? surely it was not. It was the character of a great people, and it peculiarly became the people of this country to gather ardour from adversity, and to breathe a more animated spirit of refinance, in proportion as misfortune pressed upon them.

With

2l6

Mr. Fur.

Mr. Gas - coygne.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

With regard to certain words said to have been spoken in another place by the ffi - ft lord of the Admiralty, the honourable gentleman might defend the practice as he pleased, but he muff insist on it, that it was in the highest degree unparliamentary to quote in that House what could only be heard by listening at the door of another, from which the members of the House of Commons had been turned out, and where they had no right to be present.

He concluded with requeuing gentlemen not to confound the responsibility of office, with the responsibility of administration. In the former case men were answerable for their actions, —in the latter for their advice.

Mr. Fox would not admit the noble Lord’s distin&ion between Lord Sandwich as firit lord of the Admiralty, and a member of the cabinet; nor could lie lock upon any other man as responsible for the management and direction of the navy, than the first lord of the Admiralty; for it would not be proper, in his opinion, to impeach the chancellor, or president of the council, for mismanagement of the naval force of the country.

Mr. Gascoygne, fehior, said, that he would take up the two charges of ignorance and neglect which had been brought a - gainu the Admiralty, and give to each, he hoped, a satisfac - for. y answer 5 ignorance in the present case, he presumed, meant want of information; this charge in that sense wa certainly ill - founded, for the Admiralty had from the beginning a ed upon very good intelligence; their first accounts made the number expedied to fail from Brest eight ships of the line; pofteripr accounts carried them to : according to the latter amounts admiral Kcmpcnfelt had been ordered to sea with twelve ships of the line, and one of fifty guns; still later accounts encreased the number of the French tQ fourteen, and orders were immediately issued by the Board, for the Portland and Bellona to join the admiral without the least delay; and from the accuracy of the accounts, as they had gone on progressively, there was every reason to suppose that some of the ships had been sent out without being in the bed condition, and it was certain that some of them hadiiot been fitted out - at Brest.

With respect to neglect, there certainly, was not even a fhadovv of ground for that charge : the French, as it had been already stated by a noble Lord, had began their preparations in September; we had not began till November; for admiral Darby had been obliged to keep the sea, to cover the

many

b v

A. 178, 1. .. DEBATES.

many convoys that were going out and conning home; and Yfhw be returned on the £th of November, he left a squadron of ten fail of the line Hill at sea : what repairs all those ships wanted might be guelTed at from this circuroftance, that for eight entire months, they had not been full sixty hve days in port : admiral Darby’s squadron had consisted of 27 ships of the line; and frotn November 6th, to the present day, they had been all repaired : by the 2d of December twelve were able to put to sea under admiral Kempcnfelt; and ten more were completely equipped, and were now lying in Cawfand - bay, ready to fail with Sir George Rodney; an accident had happened to the Formidable; the Dublin, and another ship were ill, and the Bellona and Portland had been ordered to join admiral Kempenfelt. And it must be remembered, the necessity there was for the Admiralty - board to lend a fleet into the North seas, for the protection of our homeward - bound fleet, and for the obstruction of the Dutch from supplying themselves, and their allies, with naval llores; that this service \yas performed effectually, but not - without damage to our fleet. The fame measure being to be pur - fned, the fame fleet was refitted, and put to sea, with more celerity than ever was exetcifed on a limilar occasion, and as we had now a large fleet just arrived from those seas in the Channel, confiding of near 100 ships, and almost ah equal number expected from the same parts daily with convoy, it was thought absolutely necessary to have a fleet in the Downs, as well as a light squadron at the mouth of the Tcxd, to watch the operations of the enemy, and to prote£ a fleet of such importance to the naval armament of Great - Britain; so that perhaps there never had been made, in the memory of man, such exertions as this country had seen since the 6th of last November.

Gentlemen seemed apprehensive for the fate of our possessions in the West - Indies; but he really believed there was very little ground for apprehension; for admiral Kempenfelt had with so much spitit and judgment cut oft a part of the convoy, and thereby weakened the force of the expedition, that he looked forward with pleasure and satisfaction; he uoidcrstood that the admiral had taken eighteen of the trans -. ports; and exclusive of the four that had been already known to have arrived, letters from Plymouth of this day informed •him of the arrival of fix more; so that in all ten had already reached our ports : one of the vessels arrived at Plymouth twa$ a frigate and had on board all the officers of the regiment d ’ Aquitaine, and another had 300 fcldiers, and the Vojl. V. F f others

• 3i7

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

others were chiefly laden with ordnance ( lores, artillery, and brass mortars; nor did he think that we Should not be able to pick up Tome more of them, as admiral Kempenfelt had left the Agamemnon and Prudente, to hover about the convoy : he was not without almost a confidence, that Sir George Rodney would reach the West - Indies before Monsieur de Vaod - reuil; for it was to be considered on one hand, that the latter had a very numerous convoy; that many of the vessel that compose it must be very heavy Tailors; that the men of war must slacken fail to keep pace with them; and with all these difficulties it would not be an easy matter for them to get out of the bay at this season of the year : on the other hand Sir George Rodney would have no convoy to delay him; and his mips all clean and coppered; To that while one had every thing to impede him; the other had evei thing that favoured his deiign of reaching the West - Indies very early : nay, he ( Mr. Gascoyne ) was not without hopes that when the part of the French fleet that was destined for Cadiz should have quitted M. Vaudreuil, and Tome other ships which were bound for the East - Indies should have also parted company; then Sir George Rodney coming up with the convoy with his clean ships and frigates, would be able to give a good account of them; and complete that work which admiral Kempenfelt had with so much judgment and gallantry begirti.

But gentlemen might a ( k, why had not a greater force been sent out at first, and why even admiral Rodney himself had not been Tent out at first, with the force that is now ready for him ? There were many reasons that might have made either step improper : we had a very numerous fleet of near 200 fail coming from the Baltic, laden with naval ( lores of all kinds; to bring this fleet safe into port was of the last importance to our navy. If Sir George Rodney had gone out, and brought to, off Brest, there to wait the failing of the French, what would all the merchants say ? They would all have cried out, that it was shameful to keep Sir George loitering in Europe, ' when he should be made to avail himfehf of the opportunity that Fortune had given him of getting to the West - Indies before the enemy. If the enemy moold get out from Brest, and pass Sir George in the night, which was very possible, the clamour would be then greater; for some time might pass over before he would be able to learn thatcir - cumftance; and then the enemy would have the start, and he would have loitered his time away to a yery bad purpose ki waiting for them *

An

A. i7 i. DEBATES

An honourable member had afierted, that we never had yet been able to face the enemy with any thing like an equal force; the afiertion had really surprised him; and he could account for it only by suppoiing that the honourable gentleman had forgotten the twenty - feveAth of July. He did not mention that day in particular with any ill humour or reflection, but the fa& was so. We were equal on that day. The honourable member knew what force we had under admiral Darby, when he relieved Gibraltar; and if his force was greatly inferior to that of the enemy, the honourable member might inquire, among his friends in France, why they had not thought proper to give that admiral and his fleet the meeting.

Let us then fee the present situation of things as they now appear - —admiral Kempenfelt with this little fleet, as it is called, by his discretion, ability, and bravery, has looked this great force of France in the face for three days together; has cut off a part of their convoy, ten of which are actually arrived in our ports, and eight more are hourly expected.

It was a very easy matter to use harfti words; the gentlemen on the other fide of the House might call the Admiralty corrupt, negligent, ignorant, treacherous; while they themselves might be called the friends of Mr. Laurens and cor - respondents of Dr. Franklin; the one fit of words would be as well supported as the other, by the assertions of individuals; and yet perhaps at bottom, there might not be the ieaft ground for imputations conveyed by these different expressions. He understood that there was to be a meeting of of West - India merchants the next day. He could not tell the issue of this meeting, for sufficient to the day was the evil thereof; but having fpokeo to the first West - India merchants in London on the subject; the most reputable, the most respectable in the city, they had told him they were very well satisfied, and that from the success that ad -, - miral Kempenfelt had had in weakening the convoy, and the number of ships that Sir George Rodney was carrying out with him, that they were under no apprehension for the safety of our islands.

F f 2As

At the meeting above mentioned, at which all the great and lefpe&able merchants and planters were present, whether any one of them had told Mr. Gascoigne that they were not under appre hensions for the safety of their islands ? they all declared that they had said no such thing, and they came to a resolution to that effect.

iio PARLIAMENTARY *

As to the dcfpondency for the safety of the islands, that seemed to be wished for by some gentlemen, he could not fee. any cause for such apprehensions; for although he would not a flu me the gift of prophecy, yet circumstances and things, considered as now stated, and from the abilities and gallantry of the admirdl going out, he was in no fear of the French armament in the West - Indies, or their going to them. He said, that it might be expelled that Sir George Rodney, with the ships under his command, clean, and coppered as they were, without extraordinary adverse winds, unburthen - Ad. Keppel ed as Sir George was, without trade or convoy, might arrive at the West - Imlies before the fleet from Bred; so that he saw no moie cause for despair, than lie did for reprobation in the pvefent moment.

Admiral Kcppcl said, he did not knowj and did not care, whether the allufionto the 27th of July wasjnade with good or bad humour; his conduct on that day had been feruti - nifed; and he had no cause to blush at the deciflon; the honourable member, he said, was perhaps a little too sanguine in his hopes, that Sir George Rodney would get out of the bay as soon as the French, for he knew very well, that a south - west wind, which would carry the enemy out of the Bay of Biscay, would lock Sir George up in Cawfand - bay. Fie said that admiral Kctnpenfclt was a favourite with the Admiralty, and undoubtedly he deserved to be so; but Hill they had not given him the force that was necefl ' ary : Upon the expedition from Brest to the West - Indies depended the safety of our islands; and all concerns of an inferior natore ought to give way to the most pressing concerns; as the safety of our islands ought to be the principal objedh of our care, so we should have detached some of our force from the East to llrengthen our commander before Brest, as the service be was upon was infinitely more important than was that on which our force in the Downs was stationed; the West Indies might have been preserved in Europe; and he had said before, and was ready to repeat it, that if a proper use had been made of the force, which we actually had, the Compte de Rochambeau would never have been able to land in America; and consequenlly the surrender of Lord Cornwallis would never have taken place. He would not say there was treachery, but there was neglect, and an evident want of naval skill in that Board; he, and he believed, every man at all acquainted with the nature of a maritime war, held it to be indispensible, that where your force was inferior to that of your enemy, every thing depended on the proper dirt&ion

G

A. 1781. DEBATES. Tit

of it; and it was ho excuse to fav, < c we sent so fnany ships here, andfo many there, " enumerating a parcel of petty occasions. Leircr interests ought to ( ink before greater, and where the necessity prefied mo ft, there the object should be most attended to and the preference shewn. Admiral Kempen felt’s was a great enterprize; the object was more important than almost any other that had been attempted; for it was chiefly from a wife use of our force in Europe that we were to look for success. Had the French design been fruftrared at the onset. Sir George Rodney might have taken his time in going to the West - Indies. It would have been better to have taken some of our ships from the East, and fenr them to assist Mr. Kempenfelt, than that his endeavours should have failed. The noble Lord, who fat at the Admiralty - board, had asserted that there had been more instances of brilliant conduct in officers in this than in any preceding war : he wotild not then enter into a difeuffion of the assertion at large, it was enough for him to deny the sass.

The Admiral said further, that iff the inquiry was fairly proceeded upon, if all the necessary papers that might be called for, were granted, and the House had full information, he would venture to say that no friend of the First Lord of the Admiralty would have reason to boast of the result.

Mr. Tlurke requested to know from the noble Lord in the Burke, blue riband, whether the necessary papers for the inquiry into the First Lord of the Admiralty’s conduct would be laid before the House on that occasion

Lord North answered, he did not know what would or Lori North, would not be laid before the House, till he heard the motions made; as these only must regulate the conduct that ought to be then observed.

Sir George Savlle observed, that although the noble Lord SirG. Savile. could not be induced to give an answer to an affirmative question, perhaps he had no such objection to a negative one; and would reply to him when he requested to know whether the proceedings in this matter would not be carried on as they have been carried on heretofore.

Lord North replied, that they would be carrid on, he L0rjNorth. doubted not, liberally, clearly, and fully.

Sir William Doll/en, however arole, and declared, that lie sirW. Dol -

was not one of those credulous men that were supposed on all ben. occasions to vote with Administration, be the business what it might. He said, when the examination they were now talking about should take place, for his part, he should endeavour to make it a found onCj and probe every thing to

the

X22

Mr. Martin.

Mr. Courtenay.

PARLIAMENTARY JLifa

the bottom. Probably in feme parts the First Lord of the Admiralty might be to blame, while in others he might de - - serve applause, and he allured the House he should, on such occasions, bestow the rod with the fame impartiality as the wreath, as the good of the nation should be the only guide in his researches. He believed the noble Lord in the blue - riband would not refuse to vote for the production of any r ' pipers needfary to the inquiry; but he would ( peak confidently for himself, that he would vote for all papers that could '. tend to enable the House to forma judgment on the conduct of the Board of Admiralty.

Mr. Martin having heard the London Gazette mentioned in the course of the debate, took that opportunity to com - : i

plain, that when events of importance were to be commu - i

nicated to the public, the Gazette made its appearance at To late an hour, that people could not get an opportunity to gratify their honed curiosity; it was kept back he under - : flood for the benefit of the publisher; he wished that some regulation should be made, by which the printer of the Ga - : zette should be obliged to publish his paper at an earlier hour j when he has matter of consequence to relate.

Mr. Courtenay said, he owned himself one of those who thought the noble Lord [ Mulgrave ] had spoke in a i ilile of despondency on a fornfer occasion. The noble

Lord’s professional knowledge, his professional gallantry, : very justly gave his sentiments weight with the public : be had theretofore ventured to controvert the facts and con - i clufions which the noble Lord had deduced from them, to prove and account for the present inferiority of the British feet to that of France. The noble Lord had alledged, that France, by great exertions, and applying her finances to that single point, might always have a superior navy, and that flie had one in the reigns of king William and yieeo Anne. But from whence did that temporary fupenority arise }from the disgraceful and perfidious conduct of Charles II. who had used every njeans to aggrandize the naval power of France; who had supplied her with artificers, who had furnished her with the bed plans and models to improve her docks and to build her ships. ' The fame impoli - < tic and ruinous fydem we pursued during the ignominious reign of James II. whild the navy of England, which had : been so much reduced by the long continuance of the war with the Dutch, was shamefully neglected. In this date, king William found the British fleet on his accession to the Crown; yet to prove the natural and superior refourcesof ]

2 this

i

j

A; 1781

DEBATES.

this country, that great monarch, in his speech to both Hou - fes of Parliament, on the conclusion of the treaty of Ryswick, asserted that otSr naval force was nearly double what it was at his accession, whilst the French had not encreased theirs. One strong evidence that negligence and mismanagement alone can give France a naval superiority

The noble Lord, to support his doctrine, had reverted to the war carried on by France against. the united force of England and Holland. If this historical fa£ was to be admitted as a proof of the necessary superiority of the French navy, it might as well be alled < jcd, that as Holland had ( in the corrupt reign of Charles II. ) contended for the empire of the sea with France and England, therefore she might at present, by a vigorous effort, fit out a superior fleet to England alone. On a question of this importance, Mr. Courtenay said, there should not be left a loop to hang a doubt on, therefore, he should just mention the consequences of the war in 1747, when the navy of France was reduced to thirty three ships of the line, and that of Spain to twenty - two whilst thAt of England, at the conclusion of the war, confided of one hundred and twenty six ships of the line.

The noble Lord then, to prove his assertion, should have shewn, that France posscfTed greater natural naval resources than this country. But in extent of coast, in number of Jailors, in a more enlarged commerce, England had avowedly the advantage. The question was then reduced to a single point; whether these unrivalled resources had been exerted to the utmost ? The onus lay with the noble

Lord. If it appeared, that no more ships could. possibly have been built, and that our fleet ( inferior to that of France ) could not possibly have been stronger; in that case, and in that case alone, Mr. Courtenay laid, he would admit the force of the noble Lord’s argument; but till that was proved, beyond a possibility of doubt, he would ever maintain the natural superiority of the British navy, on which the honour, the glory,. and the very existence of this country depended.

The temporary superiority of the French navy in the reign of Louis XIV. arose from accidental circumstances, and from our unwise and impolitic condu£t during two successive reigns. It rose an astonishing instance of the grandeur, power, and exertions of that ambitious monarch, ft grew and flourished like a puny exotic, ( contrary to the genius and nature of the foil ) nursed in the hot - bed of peace, but withered on being ex ' posed to the tempeftof war; not like the British oak, the vigorous and hardy production of the isle, which flakes deep into the earth, and derives stability,

rr > oaf mnel

£24

PARLIAMENTARY.

A. 17S1.

Mr.

firmness, and contexture from the ftqrtp, that menaces it wish destruction.

— per daruna per cade,

Jb ipso ducit opes ferro.

The question was at last put upon the motion for the adjournment; which, on the suggestion of Lord North, wai altered from Tuesday the 2 2d, to Monday the 21 ft of January; and it was carried without a division.

Bing. Mr. Byug then moved for discharging the calling over the JHouse on the 31st of January, and making a new order for the calling on the 21 ft. This motion was carried without ppposition, Apd Mr. Byog gave notice, that though he had never before moved for a call of the House, yet on the present occasion he wiftied to have it known abroad that the House would certainly be called over on the 21ft, and that the call should be most seriously enforced,

Mr. lurkc. Mr. Burke role to move for leave to present a petition from Mr. Henry Laurens, This he prefaced with some pertinent replies to what had been suggested from the opposite part of jthe House, in respect to agreeing to an inquiry being entered into relative to his corrcfpondcncc with Dr. Franklin, whenever an inquiry should be nude, respecting the First Lord of the Admiralty. With great humour and pleafanftj he observed, that, however his conduct might call for aa inquiry, on account of his correspondence with Dr, Franklin, being deemed mispriiion of treason, he could not suppole it would be confulcred of that national conference with what. was then immediately before the House; his correspondence with Dr. FrankliD, could not produce such fatal calamities as attended the miscondu£t of the naval department. However that might be, he promised that no papers whatever should be with - heId from thcinfpc&ionof the House, at any time they should think proper to demand them. He. wished this might be as minutely granted by the Firft Lord of the Admiralty. He then read the petition, and moved for leave to bring it up. This being complied with, and the petition read by the clerk lie moved that it should lie on the table.

Lord Northrofe. He said, that however Mr. Laurew had there stated the complaint of unparallelled rigour biing shewn him in confinement, he believed there was no faundar tion for such a complaint. Indeed he might think it rigorous to be at all confined. In respect to his enlargement, it was - true, an indirect application had been made to him, which he did not receive till last night. So that it was iropoffible to grant him that relief which his languid situation might require. There must be a proper time to canfider on the

means *

Ic

Lord North,

fi 1781. D £ B A T E S. 24

means, and Its necessity. But as the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Burke ) had pledged himself to prove the truth of this rigour, he should defer saying much more on that particular, until the inquiry was made. It might then be necessary to have the Warden of the Tower before that House. It would then appear whether Mr. Laurens had not informed him that he was perfectly satisfied with the treatment he had received in his custody. This was what had expressly appeared in a letter read before that House by a noble Lord ( Lord George Germain ) who was then withdrawn. This letter was in consequence of an application being made to inquire into Mr.

Laurens’s situation. For it had been suggested, that his treatment was peculiarly rigorous.

The honourable gentleman had particularly complai ed of the cruel and impolitic treatment of Mr. Laurens. He did not know how they were to act if the laws were not to be theftandard of their actions. Before the honourable gentleman could condemn the conduct of ministry in this particular, it was oeceflary to prove, wherein they had acted contrary to the laws.

Mr. Burke rose in reply. He said, that the noble Lord Mr. Burke, was not such a child as to l ' uppose he would enter into an inquiry how far the proceedings in the Tower were justifi - able. He should not enter into the rigorous proceedings of that disgraceful prison, nor should he consider how far they were to be countenanced by law. He should only consider how far that power was extended beyond the line of prudence and humanity. In respect to his having pledged himself to the House to prove every particular complaint of Mr.

Laurens’s treatment, did the noble Lord imagine he meant to attempt what was in itself so impracticable ? No : He could not pretend to prove every particular of rigorous proceeding within those walls. It was impossible. He there - ' fore wished it might be understood, that all he meant wa *, whatever had been alledged before, or set forth in that Petition, then lying on the table, he would bring such evidence as fhoyld testify the authenticity of the whole. Nothing had been advanced rpfpcfling Mr. Laurens, either by himself or others, but what vouchers should be brought irt vindication of its truth.

The noble Lord had said, that before he reprobated the condudof ministry, in being cruel and impolitic in their

treatment of Mi -. Laurens, it was necessary to prove wherein they had departed from the tenor of the laws, Thus far Vol. V. G g he

L

446 PAR. M AME1 T AF. Y A. j ? 8 »,

lie must differ in opinion with the noble Lord, One part of what he had alledged, was by the presentation of that PctU tion brought to issue. He had been accused of representing circumstances of harsh, impolitic measures in respect to Mr, Laurens, which were absolutely false. It wassaid that he him self would not complain of fuph treatment. For he had der dared to others, of his perfect satisfaction in his confinement as a prisonpr. This declaration was nowbroughtto issue. Mr. Laurens had himself complained in such a manner, as proved this assertion to be false, and what he bad before aflferted of his usage to be true. Therefore nothing now remained, but to prove the l ad policy of using the President of the American Congress with such an uncommon severity. The noblp Lord had fought refuge for his conduct in the sanctuary of the laws. But surely he knew better than to apply this to his present condudL He was a logician, and could perceive the difference betwpen the justifying an action necef - farily lawful, and absolutely impolitic, although fan£Ufied by that authority, A matter might be lawful, but not, therefore, expedient, There was a material distin&ioQt He would maintain a circuipftance tp illustrate his position. Supposing the noble Lord had a mine which produced him an immense income, that the management of this mine depended 90 the foie governance of one man who might owe him ten pounds, would the noble Lord consider it policy in him to nrreft this man ? Lawful it certainly was. But would he prove it expedient ? He certainly would not, unless he chose to suffer the destruftiop, perhaps the annihilation of his pof ? session.

LordKorth. Lord iV mhrofc in reply to Mr. Burke. He observed the honourable gentleman had said, that of the several points, one was already brought to issue. He begged leave to differ in opinion. All that could be said in its favour was, that Mr. Laurens had really complained of very severe and unprecedented hardships, arising from the mode and nature of his present confinement. The truth of it dill remained to be proved. For from what had already appeared before that House, there was as strong a preemption to credit the lenity as the rigour of His situation. Until either of thpfc were proved to be true or false, neither of the contraries could properly be said to be at issue.

In regard to the bad policy of confining Mr. Laurens as ' a prisoner of slate, in ( lead or a prisoner of war, the honourable gemleman had related a circuqaftapce of arresting a ne -

eefla

L

A. 1 ) 81. t > E 8 A T E S. 24J

celtary fcrvaht for ten pounds. He would aver there was no fiinilarity in the circumstancfcs. The n ceffity of thfe one was dispensible, the other ir. dispensible. Mr. Laurens was confined from the requisition of law and circumfhmces.

Mr, Mansfield said, there was no possibility of committing wr. Mans - Air. Laurens, but under the denomination of a state prisoners

For if we had treated him as a prisoner of war, he would long ere this have been in full enjoyment of his liberty.

Would not this have been impolitic, to have placed him in the possession of that for which he is nervv confined. It was therefore not only lawful, but necfclTary, to confine him as a criminal : So that, notwithstanding what the honourable

fentleman had said in regatd to the necessity for the noble. ord renewing annually an act in support of Mr. Laurens confinement, it was quite otherwise. There is no such ne - ceflity. Policy, law, and justice united in confining Mr *

Laurens as a prisoner of date, and not a prisoner of war *

Mr. Burke was riling to reply, when the question wai called; and the petition was ordered to lie on the table.

The following is a copy of the above petition *

To the Right Honourable Charles Wolff an,

and the Honourable the House of Commons.

The Representatien and Prayer of HeWry Laureks, a native of South Carolina, some time recognized by the British Commissioners in America, by the style and title - of his Excellency HenRy LaIjreISs, President of Con - gress, now a dose prifohet in die Tower of London,

Mojl respellfuUy flyewethi

That you reptefeftter for many years, at the peril of hit life and fortune, evidently laboured to preserve and ( Lengthen the ancient friendship between Greaf - Brkain and the Colonies; and that in no indance he ever excited, ori cither fide, the difTentions which separated them.

That the commencement of the present war was a subject of great grief to him, in as much as he foresaw and foretold, in letters now ex cant, the distrefies which both countries experience at this day.

That in the rife and progress of the war, he extended evtry act of kindness in his power to persons called Loyalists ana Qpietifts, as well as to British prisoners of war; very ample proofs of which he can produce.

G g a That

2. 48

PARLIAMENTARY A.

That he was captured on the American edaft, first landed upon American ground, where hefaw exchange of British and American prisoners in a course of negotiation; and that such exchange and enlargements upon parole arc mutually and daily practised in America.

That he was committed to the Tower on the 6th of O&o ber, 1780, being then dangerously ill; that in the meantime he has, in many respects, particularly by being deprived ( with very little exception ) of the visits and coniolations of his children, and other relations and friends, ( offered under a degree of rigour almost, if not altogether, unexampled in modern British history.

That from long confinement, and the want of proper ex - erciie, and other obvious causes, his bodily health is greatly impaired, and that he is now in a languishing ( late; and,

Therefore, your representer humbly prays your Honours will condcfcend to take his case into consideration; and, under proper conditions and restrictions, grant him enlargement, or such other relief, as to the wisdom and benignity of your Honours shall seem fitting.

HENRY LAURENS.

Tower of London, Dec. 1, 1781.

Adjourned to the 20th of January.

January 20, 1782.

The House met agreeable to their adjournment, and after the private business was gone through, the order for the call of the House was read, and the House called over accordingly. The defaulters were ordered to attend on the 31ft;

January 21.

There not being one hundred members present to proceed to a ballot for a committee on an election - cauie, the House adjourned.

January 22.

Adjourned for the same reason.

January 23.

Mr. Fox. After the ballot Mr. rose, to move for the inquiry into the conduct of the First Lord of the Admiralty. The 1 honourable

A. I7&2. DEBATES.

honourable gentleman began with saying, that he was perfectly convinced of the difficulty of the undertaking, and also of the general impropriety of indituting an inquiry into the conduct of men intruded with the powers and influence of Government. It was always ineligible and at times dangerous, for the men, intruded with the powers of the Administration, had it in their power to rife superior to the im - ' potence of inquiry, however jud; and by means of the influence and the drength of office were able to cruih the efforts of those who endeavoured to expose their roifconduCU Gentlemen were therefore averse from the inditution of in -

3nines, ami they were seldom made, because they were feU om productive of advantage to the public. In such an in - r quiry the evidence was in the hands of the person accused; they had it in their power to manage it as they pleased, and without the evidence of office, it was not to be expected that any benefit could arise from inquiry.

That influence therefore, exerted in favour of a minidet to be accused, ought to deter any man from accusing a person so shielded, so protected. But of all theminiders in the cabinet there was not one more formidable, perhaps not one so formidable from influence, as the Earl of Sandwich : his situation gave him the influence of a whole profession; as a cabinet rainider, he of course would find himself supported by the influence of his colleagues; but Lord Sandwich had, independent of these two sources of influence, another, which though not equal to that of the Crown, was a powerful addition to it; and with it, sufficient to crush any member who should bring charges against him; this influence he derived from the East India Company.

It was easy then to foresee that he was about to undertake an arduous talk indeed. But with all this he wa6 ready and prepared to encounter in this case; at the same time that he was convinced that this was not the way which, in more virtuous and vigorous times, a subject of this fort would be taken up. He was convinced that, as a prelude to an inquiry, he ought to move for an Address to the King, to remove the Earl of Sandwich from his councils. If there was nerve, honedy, and independence in that House, that would be the inode in which they would set about this business; but the evil effects of that influence which he had mentioned were, that they had poisoned the underdanding as well as the heart of that House. Gentlemen forgot what was right and ne - ccfftry, and adopted, with their eyes open, what was wrong

PARLIAMENTARY a, ijfe.

ind nugatory : such was the habit Of that House. that it would be an idle attempt to endeavour to convince tnetn thit there was a ttianifeft and ah essential disttnftion between a motion of removal, and an implication of eertfore, Gemte - mert had adopted an idea, that to move for an address to remove a minister, was to ad unfairly; that it was to condemn a servant of the public unheard, and to proceed to past fen - tenct without allowing him to make his own defence. Nothing could be more absurd, more false, and more foolish than this idea; but he wondered not that it prevailed, for mi Differs entertained the fame idea themselveS. Being inch i of less property than official emolument; for fbeli now wert the extravagant incomes of placemen, that their friaries and douceurs must befuperior to their ptivate estates; they dung to their offices, and considered them as so rich and Valuable that it last they blended them with inheritance, and looked upon them as sacred franchises, ifi the posscifioa of Which they were focured by the law of the land. The contrary of this the honourable Gentleman particularly infilled upon. Ia his opinion, there was no occasion to criminate a minister, m Order to address the Throne for his removal from office. It Was sufficient that he was incapable, or Unfortunate, Of difi liked. Either of these cases were enough to warrant an act dress to the Sovereign for his removal, in Which there Was perhaps nothing dishonourable, and ifi which, there W < frt Jjuently something very much to the credit of tht tttiniftef removed, The Parliament had Ut all times an undoubted right to requtft that any servant of the Crown might be dlft continued merely upon disliking him, it was by no means unreasonable. Had a minister a right to his place for life, as to a freehold ? or was he only a servant of the public } If ha wa9 their servant, why should the public hare left power over their servants than private individuals had ohrfcr theft domestics whom they paid for their fettieea} If the public thought proper not to employ their servants any longer, had they not a right to dismiss them, without incurring the Charge of injust ice ? Undoubtedly they possessed this right; and whoever should urge that it would be urtjuft to exercise h, must necessarily deny the right itself. He would go Fafthet boweter, and contend that not only it would not be enjuft, but that in many cases, as in the present, it would beexpedi ent to exercise this right; for the moment a minister ceafti to enjoy the confidence of the public, that moment he ought to be removed; nay, though he should be a meritorious wr *

rant,

A 17S *

DEBATES.

vant, ap4 a able mimfter; for in every government, them ipufl be a confidence reposed in the servants of the Crown by the people 2 or eVfe the business of the ft ate can never be car lied on with any degree of success : and though the people should be whimsical and capricious in their dislike of any mi niftpr, yet it never could be consonant to found policy to keep him in office again# the opinion and wishes of the peo pie. The public bad long fioce withdrawn their confidence from Lord Sandwich, ( if he indeed ever had been honoured with it ) and therefore for thisreason alone, if not one of the thousand others he could urge, existed, he ought to be re moved : He trusted, therefore, that be should hear no more of the injustice and hardship of removing a minister, without having first given him a fair trial. Holding it therefore as a general principle of policy, that a motion of removal was tpe proper step to be taken, and prodcntially deeming an ip *

Siry, as he had already declared, to be not the most fit mea - I to be taken with a minister while in place; such was tho fi tuition of affairs, and such the late raiseondutt and ill fuc cess of opr naval force, that he felt himself obliged, under ajl the difficulties, the obvious difficulties that would attend Ws endeavours, to be himself the mover of an inquiry into the oopdu$ of the Earl of Sandwich. Thus knowing and avowing what was right, be wt9 about to do what he had declared to be wrong, at least wrong in fqme degree. From what the noble Lord in the blue riband had said before the rtceffc when gentlemen talked of the First Lord of the Ad&tFally, " that they could only accuse him before the inquiry, hut would not charge him with the fame crimes afterwards - — jt would be expetted, that the noble Lord should himself be the first man to bring on the inquiry. It was very true that he ought to do so. But he was not displeased that hp bad not done it, for if it had been taken up by that noble Lord, he should have believed that it would be conduced, as every thing was conduced which he took in hand, with fraud Of imbecility; and that it would be calculated either to do nothing, or to do mischief There was however one thing which would be naturally e petted from the noble Lord, after so much bpafting and gallantry; that he should give to the House the meant of a full and fair investigation of the coiuiu& of the Admiralty. If he denied the necessarj intelligence; if he withheld papers; and starved the trial; the House would then say, that he, and not tho persons who attacked Lord Sandwich, hazarded expressions which he could

not

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1581.

not prove, and was bolder in giving the challenge than in fighting the battle. It had been said of the opposition, and it was a charge of which they must clear themselves, that they brought on the inquiry, in order to preferVe the Earl of Sandwich in his place; for that If the opposition had not llrove to turn him out, he would have been lb long before this time. This was a very curious charge. They had been said to be in league with Dr. Franklin, with the Americans, and even with the French and Spaniards. They were charged with having contributed to the independence of America; —but all this was nothing in competition with the charge which was now alledged again ! ! them; that they were in league with the arch - enemy who had robbed us of so much valuable dominion—the dominion of the ocean. Better would it be for Great Britain were they to have supported America, France, Spain, and Holland, than to have linked with the present ministry, without whose uniform aid Dr. Franklin might have been wife, General Washington brave, Maurepas, De Sartine, and Monsieur de Castres, vigilant, crafty, and politic, America firm, the House of Bourbon full of resources, of vigour and of energy, and Holland proved a powerful ally to the House of Bourbon in vain ! The honourable gentleman spoke particularly to this J > oint. It was said, not by the gentlemen with whom he had the honour to act, but by the very men, who, in case of a division, would vote in favour of the Earl of Sandwich, that there was an obstinacy somewhere, that would oppose whatever wih undertaken or suggested by the gentlemen in oppositmn. That Lord Sandwich would have been turned out of place, had not opposition desired it; and that whatever plan was in agitation, if it were a wife one, and approved of by that fide of the House, it would be instantly altered; if it was a bad one, and condemned, it would be persevered in, and executed. He could not tell whether there was such a spirit of obstinacy in exigence or not; but he knew that those men, who in their hearts desired to see the Earl of Sandwich out of place, and who sincerely thought him incapable of holding it with honour, or even with safety to his country, and yet came down to the House and voted to save him, were toO bad for any society, much less for the important trust which they held, Of representing a free people. It proved to him the truth of that declaration which the House made on the 6th of April, 1780, that the influence of the Crown had increased, was inert - ling, and ought to be d. minished. But he desired it to be

under -

A. Ij

D £ B A

T E S.

utxferstood atad believed, that though they brought on the question for an inquiry into the conduit of the mil lord of the Ami rally, they had no intention of fixing him in his feat; if he mould be ( ecured br their endeavours to turn hint out, they could only lament that obstinacy which they had ic not in their power to subdue. 1 hey did their duty in warning their country of the consequences~ of hisadmimstration of out naval affairs; they spoke of his repeated errors and crimes, exposed them to view, and endeavoured to procure his dif - ckarge; and they did this in the honest and upright intention of saving the empire from the further effects of his miserable fyftenu He begged therefore, that it might not be imputed to them, that they wished to fix them in his feat; nothing was farther from their intention, and he trusted that those gentlemen who had spoken as he had said, and who wished for the good of their country, that the Earl of Sandwich was removed from office, would now be honest enough to hold the fame language within doors that they held without, and aft with the fartie vigour that they spoke.

The honourable gentleman now proceeded to the matter of the inquiry; he said that it naturally was divided into two distinct heads; the one whether the first lord of the Admiralty had the means of procuring a navy equal to the occasions of the state; and secondly, whether he had employed the force which he really had to the necessary services with wisdom and ability. As to the first, he jiid not mean to introduce it into the inquiry; for though it was very true that there were many occasions, in which he could prove that the first lord of the Admiralty had neglected his duty in this respect, yet, as it would require ( p much detail of p oof, and bring forward so many office - witnesses, witnesses all under the patronage of the noble Lord himfilf, he did not wish to lead the House to this part of the subject, If the inquiry Was to be continued for so great a length of time as would necessarily be required forgoing into that part of the subject, he saw no probability of gentlemen giving it attention, — There was an indifference in that House almost invincible; and therefore the only prolpelt that he could have of the inquiry’s being regarded was, that it would not be tedious nor perplexing. If the first consideration was taken up it must be so : There would be great difficulty in ascertaining the fafts, and the House would be obliged frequently to resort to opinion and speculation on which it would not be fair to ground censure or punishment. But though he did not take up this part of the question, he begged that no gentleman Vol. V, H h woul

34

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

would suppose that be thought the first lord of the Admiralty lei ' s criminal here than under the second head; he was convinced of the contrary There were many egregious faults, and such as every gentleman, whether intimate with naval matters or not must fully comprehend.

The navy of this country was confessedly inadequate to bur occasions. It was not the question, whether it waseqoal to the navy which Lord Hawke left when he went out of office, though he could prove that the fleet, at the second year of the war, was not nearly equal to that of the year 1739; but it was with the slate of the French and Spanish navy that the companion ought to be made. It was the doty of the first lord of the Admiralty to prepare a fleet able to cope with that of the enemy, whatever it might be; and when he saw equipments going on in the French and Spanish inarine, it was his buflness, and it was his indispeniible duty t6 take the alarm, and exert the powers of this country for bur defence. Would any man venture to say that the means had been denied him ? would any man venture to flander the House of Commons with the charge of parftmony ? surely bone would. It might safely and truly be imputed to them that they had been lavish and wasteful, in cases where essence was not wanted, or where it was improper; but no inan would say of them that they had been fastidious or nar - fow; that they had denied useful sums, or crippled the ne - cefiary service. As the nation had felt all the hardfhipsof extravagance, it might certainly have been expected that they should have reaped also. some of the benefits. This, however, had not been the case. The Earl of Sandwich had procured lavish grants, — he had the command of the national purse, but lie had failed to provide for his country a fleet equal to the necessities of the state, or equal to the strength of the enemy. He had said, however, that he did not mean to go into this branch of the question. The examinations which it would require, would be intricate; the accounts

given by men in office would be unintelligible to many gen - emen, and would be rendered obscure to all, by means of the artifices of the Admiralty. He wished to confine the inquiry to that which every gentleman would be competent to difeufs, and he promised thd House that there would he ample matter for difcuiBon. The branch of the question then to which he wished to call their attention was, Whether the first lord of the Admiralty had directed the force of thu country, with wisdom and effect, to the necessary objc&sof the war. Before he proceeded to this he must clear a little 4. ground.

A. 178 *. M >; E WA ' T E S.

ground ' A doubt chad been raised about the nature and ex tent of responsibility : knowing, and believing, that all his Majesty’s ministers were guilty of the dismemberment of the empire, and of the calamities with which wc were surround - cd : it was ro him a matter of indifference on whom the cor fcquences of the inquiry should light; whether it should ». the first lord of the Admiralty, or the first lord of tn *. Treasury, or on either or all of the Secretaries of State. He thought them all guilty, and punishment could not fail to be just, if it fell on either; but he mud pay regard to the cooftitution. Odrconftitntion then pointed out the particular rinifter who was bound to give advice toiiis Sovereign in naval concerns, and who was consequently responsible for nava ( measures. That minister was the first lord of the Admiralty; A fubaltcrn conamiftioner of that Board, and which he once had the honour himself to be, would be bound, if he should receive an order from a secretary of date, to fend a number of foipt, with a particular commander, oh any given expe - r dttion, to execute that order strictly and litera ’ ly, without; presuming to examine the propriety or the wisdom of the measure. He could not argue on the point, because he had not the means of judging. He knew not the grounds on which, the order was made. He knew not the intelligence, and he ought not to know if, nor the faffs, nor the arguments, nor the reafbning on which it had been adopted by the cabinet. It was therefore his immediate duty to obey the mandate; but if the order had been font by the fame secretary of state to the first lord of the Admiralty, the case was very different. He, as well as the secretary, was a counsellor of the King, and he knew, or ought to know all the grounds on which the order was made. If therefore, knowing these groooods, he disapproved of the measure; if he considered it at inconvenient or dangerous, it was his duty, and he was bound to disobey it. It was a power necessary to his office, ' to exercise his discretion in every measure which he executed, since without discretion there could be no refjx > nfibility. This was the true constitutional doctrine, and it was this which would give firmnest and ( lability to our government ' if left unfoackled by influence. But it was no wonder, th ?, f a noble Lord ( Lord MulgraveJ should, by the circumstance of his situation, his friendfoip, his familiarity, and other reasons, be apt to confound the minister with the subaltern, and speak with fomc confusion on the subject of responsibility since he might, though only an inferior lord of that Board, H h 2 fancy

P A Jt L I AM & NT ART A i7 « a;

fancy himself, in the House of £omjponff, the prime miniftct of the Admiralty.,

The honourable gentleman aiow entered into an enumera - ion of the indances of tnifmanagement of our navy, which had occurred in the course of the lad five years, by which he House would fee what were ' the particular points to which he meant to call their attention in the proposed enquiry. This he did with that hiiiorical precifioo and accuracy for which he is remarked, beginning with the commencement of hostilities between this country and France, and tracing the naval minider through all the ( erica of hia measures year by year. We cannot presume to follow him with correctness. He said, that as parly as the year 177 His Majesty’s miniders mud have supposed that France would interfere in pur coated with America. He took tbit for granted, because at so early a date they applied to his honourable frienc ), Admiral Keppel, to know whether he would take upon him an important naval command. From th : s application he collected the circumstance of their appre - hension of a French war, because knowing the sentiments of that great admiral on the subject of the American questioa, they could not prefump to offer him an appointment to fight against the Americans. He did not mean by saying, that because admiral Keppel would not fight against the Americans, those officers were guilty who had accepted of commands against them. God forbid ! Many gal I ant - gentlemen had been employed in that service from midaken principles of discipline, and some from an early convictian of the eefti - tude of our cause. He only meant to say, that. admiral Keppel, with his fentimenis on that question, feould have been unpardonable if he had accepted of a command. The ministry then knew so early as 1776, that the French would interfere, and from that moment at lead, if not before, they o jght to have begun their equipments to act with decision against France in the beginning of the war. At that time a very worthy and indudrious friend of his, Mr. T. LuttreU, knowing that the fird thing a datefman had to do, before hd embarks in a war, is to examine whether his means are suffi - clent for carrying it on, moved in his place, that the naVy of England in its then date, was inadequate to the exigencies of the empire.. This motion, Mr. Fox said, he had the honour to iccond; but, though obviously founded in tru ' fe, it was rejected by a majority : miniders then boasted of the formidable and dill growing date of the navy, and parliament

A. ? 8i. DEBATES.

meat and the nation at large w « re given to understand, tfcak we actually had, at that time, a naval force equal to every possible exigency of the date. At the same time the House was told from the Treasury Bench, that if it were not the case, it would be impolitic and dangerous to publish it to the world. What truth there was in Such assertions experience iboa pointed out, and the public found that the aiTertiont of minmers, and the flattering picture drawn by them of the navy of England, were illuiive. For so far had a noble lord in office gone ( Mulgrave ), that in the present session of Parliament he had asserted not only that we were inferior to the French at sea; but that it was in the nature of things absolutely impossible that we Should be equal to her, when iver she Should turn her thoughts entirely to her marine : here the illusion ended; and here we were undeceived ntinifters; the motion he alluded to, had this tendency, to make ministers reflect before hand, and consider the Strength of France and England, before we Should break With the French; and after rhey Should have, by mature deliberation, discovered what must be their own inferiority in a contest with America, and F ranee united, to persuade them to make peace with America, and, by so doing, either prevent the war with France, or be enabled to bring our whole force against her, and crush her navy at a blow. If this had been done, that country, used to be stiled the British empire ia America, might be perhaps independant, but it would not have been French.

But the circumstance to which he wiShed to allude in this matter was the bold contrail which there was in the language of gentlemen on the opposite Side of the House. In 1776, before We went to war, it was declared to be impolitic and dangerous to say that our navy was inferior to that of the enemy, even if it Should really be So, we must not venture so speak the truth. But in 1781, a member of the Board of Admiralty declares in the face of the whole world, during the fourth year of a war with France and Spain, that our navy was not only inferior, but that it must neccSTarily be inferior to that of the enemy, at all times when the enemy pleased. The gentlemen in opposition were blamed for giv - ing improper intelligence to the enemy in the year 1776. — The noble Lord of the Admiralty was no doubt praised for giving them intelligence in the year 1781. It was dangerous before we went to war to tell the French and Spaniards what we thought of our force—It was perfc£Uy safe to inform

P A R L I; A M E, N T A R Y. \ % u

form them of it when tfc were involved with them, ' and for rounded in a manner ' unprecedented in English history. The noble Lord talked of the despondency of not looking our misfortunes in the face : but mark the difference of the noble Lord ’ sconduft and h s words; —We, muff not look our misfortunes in the face, nor examine our situation with fteadv, refo - lute minds, when examination would be advantageous because fcasonable; when by examination we might have prevented the calamities that ensued; but wc mull examine and publish our weakness to all the world, nay, we muff go out of the v\; y, ajid without being called or iolicited, inform our enemies at the very moment when they are ready to attack ui in every quarter of the world, that we are inferior to them, and muff he so. It Teemed all the way through the present administration, that the miniffers, as if they had been really the servants of France, thought only of the bess means of involving us in wars, but took no pains to bring us out of them again. They k$pt their weakness concealed till it was too late for the people to know it, and then they were the tirft themselves to reveal it.

• But they knew so early as 1776 of the approaching American war, and that wc mould have occasion to prepare for the rupture with all the induffry, ( kill, and zeal which we could exert. How did they do this ? They sent all the frigates of England to the American Teas, for the great national purj > ofe of elestroying the American trade. Thu w s an ob - jc& To much at heart, that they not only Tent all their frigates to America, leaving the European Teas totally unprovided with fmail ships, but they also employed the line of battle ships during the whole of the winter of 1778 in cruizing, for the purpose of making captures of American traders; even in the very moment when the treaty was signing between France and America, were the large ships, of Britain tolling about in the teas, encountering all the dangers and injuries of winter storms, for the fake of pillaging American craft. What was the consequence ? they were tom to - pieces; and in the beginning of the campaign, when Admiral Keppel went down to take upon him the command of the grand fleet, he found but ( ix ships ready for sea, although it was a well known notorious fact, that the Earl of Saqdwich had, in his place in the House of Peers, declared some weeks before, that there were between thirty and forty line of battle ships ready for sea. This plan of cruizing in the winter, had been the favourite measure of his Majesty’s miniffers, and

L

A. 1781, DEBATES.

and had contributed more than any thing else to the latent ! of all our expeditions, by which we had always been behind hand with the enemy; for the consequence was, that from the damage which they sustained, and which were almost inseparable from a Channel cruize, they were sent into dock to be repaired, at a time when it became known that the French were arming as fad as possible : had these ships been in readipefs, which they might have been, if they had not been employed in a service that ought properly to have been performed by frigates; we might have infilled that the French should have immediately disarmed, or we. might have fallen upon them before they were prepared; and fb have crushed them before they would have been able to ( trike a blow.

This was the cause of that ( hameful deficiency which Admiral Keppel found when he went down in March, 1778, and found only fix ships of the line fit for sea. Thus to use an expression to which he supposed the Admiralty would not object, t€ a glorious opportunity was loft" of striking an effectual blow at the French navy, and crushing them by a : decisive stroke in the infancy of the war. For had Admiral Keppel been sent to sea with his squadron at an early period of the campaign, what might not have been theconfc - quence ? instead of this, he was detained as if this faithful servant of the King of F ranee, the First Lord of the Admiralty, was waiting till the French were teady to meet us. Then, and nottillthen, he sent Admiral Keppel to sea with twenty ships to fight twenty - seven, an odds so formidable, as in faCl to endanger the very existence of the empire. When he failed with twenty ships, he was given to underhand that his force was superior to any that the enemy had to bring against him; and he believed them; but what was his disappointment, what must have been his indignation, at finding that the enemy, contrary to his expectations, had twenty - seven fail of the line at fear here they im pol ' cd on their commander; but it was their vanity in having a fleet in the Channel, that made them iinpose upon him : had they been as diligent as they were vain of thi parade, they might have had a sufficient force under Admiral Keppel, to have destroyed the French navy at a blow; and thus have prevented all the disgraccs and disasters that have lince befallen us.

The intelligence of the equipment of a squadron at Toui n had reached this country tome months before that squadrt 1 was ready to Jail; it was known here that some persons of 1 distinction

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

distin£lion Were to embark in it as paflcngets : this and a variety of other circumstances pointed out beyond a doubt, that America was the quarter to which this armament was defined : and yet though all England knew this; though the preparations were public during the months of January, February, March and April, yet not a syllable of this had been sent to Lord Howe in America till the middle Of Jane, at lead the dispatehes were dated the 6th of May. Nay, lb far had the ministers been from giving lord Howe notice of his danger, before the date of these dispatehes, that they had even sent him orders to detach a part of his force to tho West - Indies He was just preparing to execute this order, when he heard, but not from ministry, of tho expected arrival of Count D ’ Eftaing in those seas. He then with that manly foresight, which distinguisheS an able commander, kept his force together, and by a Angular effort of genie and naval {kill, preserved his fleet and the army by an arrangement which will place his name among the most celebrated of our British admirals. Such were the disposition made by his Lordship, such the spirit and abilities displayed by him against Count D ’ Eftaing, that he defeated that officer with a very inferior force; or if he did not literally gain a victory over him, at lead he gained the substance of on : fortunately indeed, for his own honour, but unfortunately perhaps for this country; for if the army that Was saved by this victory had been captured, we should not at this - day have such a load of debt upon our ( boulders and have loft so many armies, for our ministers would have been obliged to make peace with America. By the winter’s cruize of our two - deck ships in the Channel, and the subsequent repairs. Admiral Byron was prevented from failing time enough todif - pute the parflage of the Mediterranean with Count D ’ Eftaign; and the fame cause continuing to operate, together With th absurdity of our ministers, we were not able afterwards to prevent the failing of Monsieur de Grade, and Mr. de la Motte Piquet, with reinforcements to Count D ’ Eftaing; the consequence was, that Admiral Byron had the mortification to arrive time enough to fee Grenada taken, our most valuable settlement in the West - Indies after Jamaica. As dila ! ory in instructing and strengthening the hands of their officers abroad, as they were in fitting out ships at home, the ministers had ordered Admiral Barrington to waitatBar - badoes till he should be reinforced : he too, from superiot information, ventured to disobey these orders, and saved St.

Lucia;

A. 178a. £ > £ B A T E S.

ucia i but so flow were ministers in fending out reinforcements, that had Commodore Hotham arrived only one day later than he did, St. Lucia would have been loft : he defended it, indeed, in a manner which would do him and his country honour, while bravery and abilities should be ef - tcemed in the world : he defended the island with a force more than three times less than that of the enemy; and yet, exclaimed Mr. Fox, Admiral Barrington is now on Ihore. He said he must speak a little on that circumstance. The admiral was said to have come eta shore because he would hot accept of the principal command of the fleet.

When he had spoken in debate of the number of brave fcfficers who were driven by the Earl of Sandwich from the service, and it had been a subject of conversation, Lord Howe desired that no gentleman would give reasons for his conduct. This had been erroneously supposed to apply to whathad fallen from him. In fact, it came from the noble Lord on account of the reason which Lord Lisburne gave for Admiral Barrington’s retiring; it was, his Lordship said, because he had weak nerves This gave a pretty good idea of the reason of so many brave men withdrawing themselves from the l ' er - r vice. Had Admiral Barrington weak nerves ? He had not weak nerves, when, with five ships of the line, he flood and beat off fifteen of the enemy. But he whose nerves were not weak when he met a host of foes, shrunk from a closet interview, and a responsible connection with Lord Sandwich. Admiral Barrington was a man, from whose connexions it might be expected that he would not be unfriendly to ininif - try, but yet he had apprehensions of the Earl of Sandwich. This was the cause of so many brave men retiring. This Was the cause of their choosing to withdrawt hemselves fresh apost where they had greater enemies to meet than the French and Spaniards. They shewed us that there was a man at the head of our naval affairs, whose quality and cunning it was to make even bravery useless to his country.

The year 1779 printed us with a repetition of the plan and misconduct of 1778. Late cruizing in the winter prevented early equipments in the campaign. The Spanish war broke out, and the First Lord of the Admiralty, as if he wished only to fight the battles of our enemies, never orce attempted to prevent the French and Spaniards from meeting, joining, and insulting us in the Channel. Sir Charles Hardy was sent to sea Without instructions to prevent the junction of the enemy, and it was only Providence, our Vql. V, li good

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ) S2.

good and great ally, that saved us, by fending an eastern wind, and a distemper, to drive the enemy from our doors. Sir Charles tiardy itole along the French coast in order to avoid seeing the enemy, but when he got into Torbay, and the Earl of Sandwich was perfectly allured that the enemy was safe in Brcft water, he commenced his exertions, and all was hurry and confusion at the dock - yards, that hurry which he constantly mistakes for diligence; and when the clamour ran high, and the people felt the indignity that had been offered to them, he promised them that they should have a good account of the enemy. The next piece of raif - conduct was in the manner of dispatching Admiral Rodney to the West - Indies. A French squadron under Count do Guichen, had failed for that destination, and very alarming appearances ensued : It was exceedingly necessary that Sir George should be there as soon as pofhble. In order therefore to facilitate his passage, he is sent to relieve Gibraltar, by which he is detained a considerable time, and the enemy are left in the qui6t enjoyment of this opportunity of reinforcing the squadron at Martinique. We had it in our power to have got the start of De Guichen, fdr the fleet which was dispatched stra. t, arrived in the West - Indies before the French squadron. We might therefore have intercepted their passage and fought them separated. It wai true that Sir George Rodney’s squadron destroyed nine of the enemy’s ships, a capital advantage, and indeed the only thing that had the consequences of a victory through the Whole war; but were ministers to be praised for what they did not contrive, and what they did not foresee ? It was Providence again, and the bravery of Sir George Rodney’s fleetj but not the Earl of Sandwich that gave us that advantage. In the West - Indies the French and Spaniards formed a junc - # lion, and Sir George Rodney, who is fond of promising to give a good account, and not very apt to be depressed by the misfortunes of his country, fairly owned that he durst not meet jthem. Here then ruin stared us in the face, every one of our islands lay at the mercy of our enemy; but there fcemetl, fays the honourable gentleman, to be a Lord Sandwich in their councils, and God grant that there may always be a Lord Sandwich in their councils They met, and separated without doing any thing.

The year 1780 was remarkable for the capture of an im - mense fleet of merchantmen and transports under commodore Moutray, and the circumstances of the case were striking : they 1 gavi

43

A. 1782 D £ fi T £ S *

gave another suspicion among all the other parts of Lord Dandwrch s conduct, that he was intent on doing good and fcithful service to his mailers of the House of Bourbon. At least if they had been his matters, it could not have been more confident with duty to have ordered captain Moutray to deliver up his invaluable convoy to the jaws of the enemy, than to dp as he had done; for at the very moment when he knew that the Spanish fleet was cruizing off the coatt of Spain he ordered captain Moutray to rendezvous at Madeira; that is to say, to go in the very track where he would fall in with the enemy. In this year again the fame fault was observable with respect to late failing. No attempt was made either to prevent the fleets from joining, or to prevent the ( ailing of Mons. Ternay for America with that military so ce which had lately captured the army of Earl Cornwallis. The fame scheme of bombattic gafeonade dill prevailed, and ships and fleets were employed in needless cruizes, merely for the purposes of saying, that we were in possession of the Teas when the enemy were in port. It was in this year that Commodore Fielding was lent with fix ships of the line to intercept Admiral Byland with one. This circumstance made the af fertion of Lord North, " that the Dutch war was a war of necessity, and not of choice, as we differed more from them while they were insidious friends than since they are become open enemies, " intelligible; it was to him inexplicable till of late, but now he saw its meaning and acknowledged the truth of the observation; for when they were friends, we ( cut fix ships to fight one; hut when they became enemies, we lent only five mips to fight eight. This was the plan of Lord Sandwich. As soon as a nation became our enemy, he lowered the opposition that we made to it, and thus it plainly appeared, that they were more injurious to us when friends than now when enemies, for they then detached more of our men of war than now from the contest with - the House of Bourbon.

The honourable gentleman then came to the year 1781, the memorable period of our disgraccs and infamy; and he particularly described the naval transadUons. The rupturp with Spain was the first memorable event of this period; ameasure so scandalously impolitic, and lo infamously brought about, that minitters ought to be impeached for that alone. Though minitters seemed in the Dutch war to be actuated by a ( pint of refentm nt, they did not know how to wreak it on the Dutch : if they had had a mind to crush them, but liz God

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782

( 5od forbid Laid he, that the Dutch should ever be cruftied, for then indeed the present system of Europe would be no more; but if they wished to crush Holland, they should have had a fleet in the Tcxel to awe the Dutch, and force them to y ield to the terms of England; no such measure was adopted : instead of that five ships only were sent into the North Teas. Providence, indeed, but no thanks to the Admiralty, had sent the Berwick to joio Admiral Parker. — But why the Sampson was not sent by their Lordships nci one could tell. It was true, indeed, that they sent to the coast of Norway, to let him know that she lay at the Gun - fleet; and that if he wanted her he might fend for her. Thus time was loll; she might have been the melfcnger herself; and then our Admiral, no doubt, would have gamed a deci - five victory over the Dutch. The Sampson was indeed fen$ to him, but she arrived the day after the engagement.

Our Channel fleet was Hill as formerly, too late to prevent the junction of the French and Spaniards, or even to attempt it. Their fleets appeared again at the mouth of the Channel; Admiral Darby sent an account of it to the Admiralty; but there he was laughed at—he was not believed : the Mayor of Bristol lent to the Admiralty to know if the report was true that the enemy was on the coast; and an answer was sent to him by Mr. Stephens, by order of Lord Sandwich, that there was no such thing; and that Admiral Darby had put back into Torbay, only for refreshments : thus was that Admiral spit upon by the First Lord of the Admiralty; and the information he had given treated as a lie. Such was the manner in which the First Lord of the Admiralty treated an Admiral commanding the naval power of Britain; and such was the fort of treatment which had driven men of fine feelings from the service. He knew not how Admiral Darby felt it; he heard an excellent character of that gentleman, and he believed him to be incapable of brooking so palpable insult. How it had been settled he knew not, but the fast wasfo; and further it was perfectly well known, that Admiral Darby had returned to port with the advice of his officers, in cpnsequence of the appearance of the combined fleets. The Mayor, however, received a letter from Lord Shuldham in about a quarter oFan hour after the receipt of Mr. Stephen’s letter, in which his Lordship confirmed the report, that the enemy were in the Channel, and warned the layor to communicate the intelligence to the merchants. The consequence of the Admiralty letter would have been

to

■.

A. 1782. DEBATES.

to decoy the trade of Bristol into the hands of the enemy, just as Captain Moutray’s convoy had been sent into the hand ? of the Spaniards, by having been ordered to rendezvous at Madeira, while the enemy were cruizing in his track. It seemed, however, that though the Admiralty knew nothing of the combined fleets last year in the Channel, or pretended hot to know any thing of them, Lord Stormont had written to Mr. Eden in Dub1 in to warn him that they were gone to cruize off the coast of Ireland, and it was pretty evident that this letter was prerifcly of the fame date with that from the Admiralty to the Mayor of Bristol, in which that magistrate was informed that the enemy was not on the coast.

The combined fleets separated last year early in September; but our fleet, as ul ' ual, was kept at sea to make an empty parade after the enemy had quitted their station. They were cruising about, while Mons. de la Motte Picquet came out, and seized our SL Euftatius fleet, with all the plunder of that island. Comte de Grasse put to sea; and though by a proper use of the force we had at that very time cruiling, we might have defeated him, and prevented all the dreadful consequences that afterwards attended his expedition, he was permitted to proceed; and the last consequence of our having fufFered him to pass us, was the surrenderof Lord Cornwallis, which could never have been effected without his naval force. When Admiral Darby was at Gibraltar with a very fine fleer. He should have been instructed to detach a part of it to the West - Iodies, if he should not meet with any opposition in relieving Gibraltar : such instructions would have effectually saved Lord Cornwallis, by giving us a superiority in the West - Indies : but our ministers never thought before - hand; at an earlier period of the war, when Lord Shuldham w, aj sent out with a very capital force, to protect a great convoy, tie was not instructed to do any thing against the enemy.

In the West - Indies we had been indulged with Sir George Rodney’s frequent promises to give good accounts of the enemy’s fleets, when ail he had been able to do, was to fight some drawn battles; which were, he contended, generally followed with the loss of some of our islands, and therefore in effect, were as bid as defeats. He had been employed in the despicable plunder of St. Euftatius while the island of Tobago was taken; and the business of this great conquest was QOt difeufled time enough to prevent the catastrophe of

our

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7Si.

our American career. But the last measure was the moil abandoned of all, and which particularly demanded the in veftigation of that House, the fending out Admiral Kempeo felt with a force so inferior to that of the enemy. This had imprefied the whole kingdom with surprize and indignation, either the Admiralty were deficient in the necessary information, or they were negligent in having taken proper advantage of it; in either case their conduct was equally criminal.

—The Ministry had heard, that the French were doing something, and upon inquiry found, that they had fifteen ships of the line at Brest, and two at Rochford. The naval Minister knew the French had twenty one fail, but he took it into his head that only twelve would fail to the West - Indies, not thinking, ns he should have done, that the other nine would bear them company to a certain latitude. He therefore thought, as only twelve ships were going to the West - Indies, that twelve ships could intercept them, and Admiral Kempenfdt accordingly is dispatched with that force to intercept them; when lo ! as might have been expected, the French fleet amounts to nineteen fail ! In consequence of which, the British commander dares not attack them, and the object of their destination is pursued. Providence indeed, so often our friend, interferes; throws some of their transports into our hands, and destroys others by a storm. To render this matter still more censurable, and unfold the designs of the First Lord of the Admiralty, at the very time Admiral Kem - penfelt was fentout with an inferior force, ships fit fora&ion j were then lying in the Downs and other places. They were indeed stationed there to annoy the Dutch trade, but, their being withdrawn a few days from that station could I have produced no ill consequence, that could have been put \ in competition with the advantages that would have been dc - < rived from it. j

As to Sir George Rodney, no part of his fleet, it was said 1 could be spared for the purpose of attacking Mons. Vaudreuil. The honourable Gentleman could not but admire this fort of excuse, as if it was not better to flop the French from going to the Weft - Indics than to follow them thither; for the mofl that had been urged was, that it would have delayed his failing to the West - Indies; not thinking, as more ratiooal men would have done, that if MonfieurVaudreuil could have been destroyed here, there would have been no occasion to have 1‘cnt any body to another part of the world to have done it.

' The

47

A. 1782. DEBATES.

The honourable gentleman remarked, that we had now been at war for some years, and, excepting in the case of Admiral Kempenfelt, no endeavour had ever been made to intercept the enemy. No one instance had ever prefen ted itielf of an attempt to prevent the enemy from failing. That of Admiral Kempenfelt had been the very first of the kind; and it was therefore no wonder, that the minister of the naval dec > artment should have shewn himself such a novice.

It had turned out that the two ships left behind to harraft the enemy had done essential service. Unskilled as he was ia professional matters he could not help asking if Admiral Kempenfeljt had continued to harrass them with his whole force, whether he could not have done infinitely more service with, his twelve ships than was effefled by the two that did remain at sea; and whether his ships, being copper bottomed, might not have a very great advantage of the enemy

The honourable gentleman said, that those were the principal points to which he wifiied the intended inquiry to turn.

The year 1781 gave an epitome of all the blunders of the war; and therefore, for the fake of dispatch, he would confine his proposition chiefly to that period; not however forgetting the other years. The leading points in the inquiry then would be the naval operations of 1781 in their regular order - —the practice of tearing the ships in winter cruiz. es; and losing every advantage of local situation, and priority appearance at ( ea, to prevent the junction of the enemies.

The ( e were the points, and to these every gentleman, whether landman or feamao, would be competent, because they were measures of fimptc policy. It was a subject which they mud enter upon now or hereafter with seriousness. We had acted too long from our hopes; we must now yield to our judgment; ana he warned the House not to sport longer with the feelings of a great, suffering nation; nor presume to ruin a people for the lake of a man He meant to move for a fariety of papers, but they were of a nature that would take up but a day or two to prepare. His first motion, that for aji inquiry, he doubted not, would pass without objection.

Captain John Luttrell delired the honourtblc gentleman not Capt. - Joim

to be too sure, that even that motion would pass without of - LmudL position *

Mr. Fox, who had been just preparing to read all his mor Mr. Foa. tions before he made any one, now changed his mind so far, as to confine himself to his first motion, which was couched in the following words

" Thtf

24 PARLIAMENTARY A 1781 :

u That it be referred to a committee to inquire into the u causes of the want of success of his Majesty’s naval forces u during this war, and more particularly in the year 1781. " Before he fat down, Mr. Fofc renewed his declaration, ’

that he by no means absolved the First Lord of the Admiralty of all guilt with regard to the first point, Which he had stated his reasons for not mak. ng a subject of the present inquiry.

The motion was handed to the Speaker, and read by him to the House.

Capt. John Captain John Lutlrcllargued upon the assertion of Lord

Luttrcll. Mulgrave ( in a former debate ) relative to the naval superi - ority of the House of Bourbon over Great - ' Sritain in the reigns of King William and Queen Anne, and observed, that no comparison could be drawn between the reign of Lewis XIV and that of any other French monarch. With regard to the declaration, that u the First Lord of the Admiralty, who did not keep up a fleet superior to any that thd House of Bourbon could at any time send to sea, deserved to lose his head, " which had been so repeatedly and fc > illiberally charged to the Earl of Sandwich, it struck him in a very different point of view from that in which it appeared to im - press the minds of other gentlemen. Allowing that the declaration had been made by the noble Earl to whom it was aferibed, it ought in candour to be considered, that it was made some years ago, and that it was scarcely possible to sup - pose that Lord Sandwich, at the time, had an idea of this country’s being engaged in a war of so difficult and so exten - five a nature as the present.

It had beensaid, that the present First Lord of the Admiralty had a more numerous and a better conditioned navy pot into his hands on his being made First Lord Commissioner, i

than had ever been delivered into the hands of any of his pre - j

dcceflors; and it had been contended on the other hand, that the fa£l was directly the reverse; that the fleet was in a mi - ferably rotten and unserviceable state, and that Lord Hawke, though a truly respectable character, and one of the best and tnoft deserving officers that ever commanded the British na - j vy, either had no talents suited to his situation as First Lord of the Admiralty, or that his powers were worn out, or j weakened considerably, when he was appointed President of j that Board. The truth was, both statements were in some < degree erroneous. The navy was not in a good condition when delivered over to the care of the Earl of Sandwich; But still the late Lord Hawke was not to blame. The evil originated

A. 1782. DEBATES.

ginated with the Earl of Egmont, his predecessor. During that nobleman’s presidency at the Board, Parliament was very nigardly in its grants for the navy service, and though the noble Lord’s hands itched as much for money as any other First Lord of the Admiralty, it could not be obtained so ea - fily as of - late. During the Earl of Sandwich’s being First Lord, Parliament had voted large and liberal supplies, and it would be injustice not to say, that Lord Sandwich had used them most serviceably. Perhaps lince England had a navy, our yards were never so full of timber and {lores of all kind as at present. In fast, the public had paid handsomely, but it was some comfort to know that their money had been applied usefully.

Even now, low as the state of our marine was reported to be, and broken as the spirit of our officers had been painted, he did not doubt, could this country make peace with Holland and America, but we should mew oorselves superiot to the maritime force of the House of Bourbon, and soon recover our empire of the ocean. Not that he meant by this aftertion to contend that there was no error in the condu£t of our navy; undoubtedly there was much occasion for alteration and amendment, and the first thing likely to produce the most eftential service to the country would be to restore unanimity on board our fleets. At present the navy was torn to pieces by dissentions and divisions; officers never saw each other but on duty, they had no longer access to the tables of their superiors, as of old, when an Anson, a Hawke, a Bof - c ven, a Saunders, and a Keppel commanded. In those better times, all was cordiality, affection and zeal. The commanders took a pride in instructing the inferior officers, and in teaching them their duty; hence there was a means of improvement open to all who chose to profit by it, and the service in general reaped the benefit of it; at that time, like - wife, the differences of individuals were accommodated almost as soon as they were known, by the interference of the superiors in command. At present the case was sadly reversed all was party, disunion, and jealously, so that officers had no confidence in each other. To remedy this great evil, he would advise immediately calling into the service those vete - fan commanders, in whose gallantry, skill, and experience, the profession had a firm reliance. Perhaps that House was not aware that, with a few exceptions, those who commanded our different fleets now, were but young captains at the end of the last war— - let gentlemen then a£k themselves Vol. V. Kk whether

PARLIAMENTARY A. ijfc.

whether it was likely that men of that damp could be as capable as officers who had fecn infinitely more service, and had been accustomed to undertake enterprizes of noble daring with fucccfs ? Other lefi ' cr matters of error called likewise for; correction. One in particular was the cause of great inconvenience and great cost, and this was, the fending home Tick men from the West - Indies as unfit for service, by which means they took the bounty - money a second time, and put the nation to a great additional expence as soon as they recovered and were able to enter again. The diseases of the West - Indies were generally such, he said, as affected the j mass of blood, and shewed themselves in a debilitation of the j faculties, and the eruption of foresand ulcers, not easy curable in those climates. It was the custom, when the poor fellows cases became desperate, to fend them home discharged.

It generally happened, that as they approached the northern latitudes their constitutions recovered vigour, the blood began to be in a better state, and by the time they reached the ihorc, they were as fit for service as ever they were in their Jives; the general consequence was, that after a little time they applied for fresh bounty money, and went on shipboard again at a considerable expence to the nation. All this might be saved, if instead of being sent home discharged, they were font home to some of our royal hospitals for cure. Another means there was likewise for preventing this evil, which called loudly on the humanity of the House to interpose its assistance, and preserve the lives of many hundreds of brave seamen, which were yearly sacrificed for the fake of faring. a trifling expence. This was to allow the ships destined for the West - Indies to take a larger quantity of bark on board.

At present, exa£lly the fame proportion was shipped in the men of war destined for Channel service, or for service ill the North Seas, as on board those ships which went to a Weft - India station, or were sent on an expedition to the southward. So much was the want of more bark felt by those who had been so employed; and such was the general declaration of its utility against the disorders in question, by the ablcft and mofl experienced surgeons in the navy, that lie had known ship’s companies desire to have a larger proportion of bark among their medicinal stores, and offer to commute for it, by giving up a part of their James’s powders, and elixir of vitriol, both of which were allowed to b « very serviceable and salutary recipes in a variety of disorders common to seamen. But whenever an applicaUQA was made

2 t

A. 1782. DEBATES. 251

to the Board of Commissioners for the fiek and wounded, to make the exchange he had mentioned, the constant answer was, that unless Parliament provided for the additional expence, it was impossible to allow a larger proportion of hark.

This and other matters which he could point out, were it a fit occasion, called for the interposition of Parliament, and if retnedied would be of great advantage to the navy. With regard to the present inquiry, he thought it a very impolitic measur, and were there no other reason to induce him to ob - jc& to it, he should do it from a consciousness that it could not end in any thing satisfactory; gentlemen well knew that they had no right to examine witnesses upon oath at their bar, whence it might happen that a great deal of the time of the House at that important period, might be spent to no fort of purpose; collusive evidence might be given, and those who gave it, might laugh in the lobby, at the imposition they had practised, while new delusion was holding out to the House by new witnesses. Another and a {fill stronger reason for his objccting to the inquiry was, that he thought this a mod unfit moment for such a business. It would only low the feeds of greater animosity and difTention in the navy than at present prevailed; and without doing any one possible, good to the service, would tend to depreciate the name of the Earl of Sandwich in the eyes of all Europe; a matter which lie conceived ought studiously to be avoided as long as heprefided at so important a Board as the Board of Admiralty. Mr. Luttrell said, he had spoken fairly and candidly : convinced of the merits of Lord Sandwich, he had endeavoured to do them justice; and he had freely pointed out the particulars in which he thought the navy miscondu&ed. If gentlemen were capable of putting the superintendancy of our marine into hands more able, and more zealous to serve the country than the present First Lord of the Admiralty, he would willingly join in such a proportion; but till that House was afTurcd, that the nation would benefit by an exchange, he certainly should be for continuing so active and so capable a nobleman as the Earl of Sandwich in his office; on which account, and for the reasons he had stated, he most certainly should give his negative to the motion.

Mr. Percival vindicated the honour of Lord Egmont, MrPercival who, he said, had a£kd with as much integrity in his office as any gentleman who had ever been in it; and he appealed to the profelfional gentlemen who knew him, and had b$cn witnesses of his probity, and would attest his honour,

K k 2 Lord

V

Lord

giaie.

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1782.

Lord Afu ! grave prefaced his speeeh with a handsome

compliment to the administration of Lord Egmont when at the head of the administration of the Admiralty, He then said, that he should not follow the honourable gentleima who made the motion, through all the detail of his argument; instead of that cool, temperate, and candid style of reasoning, in which a subject of so much ferioufoei ' s and importance ought to have been treated, the honourable gentleman had thought proper, previous to the inquiry being gone into, to calumniate the First Lord of the Admiralty, to load him with the grossest inventive, to accuse him of great criminality, and that in a variety of instances; and, instead of attempting to bring forward any thing like proof, ( to resort to matters totally foreign to the lubjctt under consideration. What had the supposed connexion between the Earl of Sandwich and the East - India company to do with the conduct of the First Lord of the Admiralty } And was it fair, in that stage of the business, to affc& to stile the noble Lord the ally of France, and to charge him with something like treachery, and that of the basest kind ? He trusted, the generosity and good sense of the House would revolt at attacks so made, and introduced at that moment, which of all others should have been the most free from the smallest appearance of deviation from candour. The honourable gentleman accused men in place on the ground that they had less property than official emolument; was the argument a good one ? If it was, might it not be just as fair for him to say, that the public were to the full as likely to be well feryed by them, as by those who acknowledged that the chief foundation Jof their opposition was a wifhtogct into place, and who had neither property nor office. But this was too brazen - faced, too dirty an argument for him to use with any seriousness; it was like that to which he had just opposed it; they were both of them unworthy of being heard within those walls, and merited contempt. With regard to a great part of the honourable gentleman’s speech, it went merely to matters of opinion, to points on which men of great ability and great integrity might fairly be allowed to differ; the honourable gentleman, therefore, with respect to them, and indeed to every fatt he had mentioned, could only havefpoken prefumptively. He wi ( bed, - however, for j the fake of fully satisfying the public, and doing substantial justice to the character of the r irft Lord of the Admiralty, that the honourable gentleman had not proposed so narrow 1

253

A. 1782. DEBATES.

scale of inquiry. The more broad it was made, the more likely was the House to come at the truth, and consequently the ends of justice would have been the more fully snlwerea. The honourable gentleman had said, the noble Lord was culpable for not having built more ships. True, where there was a sufficient depth of water, Hips might be formed. But when Hips wrere built, was nothing elic requisite for the equipment of a navy ? Would the forming of flips supply them with necessary stores, provisions, and men ? Were ships and every necessary to be produced from sowing ? Would they grow up complete like a field of grain

The honourable gentleman had entered into matters which it was not possible to investigate; a matter of inquiry respecting the noble Lord at the head of the Admiralty. They confided of occurrences which depended more on opinion than testimony. In respectc to those circumstances of the war, they could not have the least reference to the conduct of the noble Lord, as a criminal. They were dependent on such contingencies as might appear to arise more from accident than condu£t. Besides he desired it might be remembered, that whatever was the iiFue of their inquiry, that no reflection should be cast on that Board for with - holding any thing that related to the official condutt of the First Lord of the Admiralty. For it was their desire to go into it in a manner that should either criminate him for negligence, incapacity, or treachery; otherwise clear him to the honour of his profession and personal character.

He complained or the manner in which the honourable gentleman had spoken of the circumstance of Admiral Darby’s return last year, and the treatment which he had received from the Admiralty. Would any man of the proud honour and nice feelings of Admiral Darby stoop to treatment such as had been described so warmly by the honourable gentleman ? Would he not have resented the indignity with that firmness which he trufied a British Admiral would always express when his honour or veracity were called in question. The fa& was, that Admiral Darby received information from a vessel that the combined fleets were off Sciiiy, and he consulted his officers, a majority of whom advil ' ed him to return to port 2 but there were among [ those officers, and he was one of them himself, several who difbe - Heved the intelligence. With respect to the apparent incon - fiftency betweert the letters of Mr. Stephens to the mayor of Bristol, and that of Lord Stormont to Ireland; the inconfift cncy would vaaifti when the honourable gentleman knew.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

that instead of four days, an express went to Dublin in two days. The noble Lord concluded with saying, that he wished the honourable gentleman had made his inquiry on a larger scale, for the broader the inquiry the more complete would have been the acquittal and triumph of the First Lord of the Admiralty.

Mr. Fitzhtrbert spoke next. He said that he naturally felt the emotion which was natural to a young speaker, but he must beg leave to remark, that on the navy of this country depended the very exiilence of the state; it was our greatest bulwark, it was our only defence; by it we had been raised to the highest pinacle of grandeur, without it, wc should ( till feel the dreadful effects we had so lately experienced; it was, therefore, a subject which ought to en - gross the attention of every member of that House. He declared, lie had it from the authority of the different French officers, who landed at Portsmouth, corroborated also by the ollicers who landed at Plymouth, that such powerful Hrides had been made by the House of Bourbon, towards having a superiority in their marine, that would not only be ailonishing to that House, but had aflonished all Europe. The keel of the Couronne, an eighty gun ship, that was under Mons. de Guichen, in the licet which Admiral Kem - pcnfelt fell in with, was only laid on the 17th of May last; and a dill dronger indance was that of the Pegasus, a seventy gun ship in the fame fleet, the hulk of which was laid, and the ship fitted for and at sea in three months and five days. This, he said, naturally led him to consider the cause, why the fleets of this country, which formerly rode triumphant on the Teas, should experience that inferiority which io fatally appeared to be the case of late ? It was not, he was perl ' uaded, from a neglect in the particular officers, but it was owing to a want of shipwrights. He would only speak to the centrical yard ( meaning Portsmouth ) because he lived in the neighbourhood of it, and passed much of his time there; flips we had in plenty to build shipsof the line on, and there was also plenty of all kinds of materials, but there was not a sufficient number of artificers to put those materials together. There were now, Mr. Fitzherbert said, four flips ready to build ships of the line on. The keel and frame of the St, George had been laid upwards of four years and both were now perishing for want of shipwrights to finish her; the frame. of the Leopard was in the fame fixation; the frame of the Bulwark had been cut out these four years, and not a tingle hand coyld be spared to work on her.

55

A. 178 *. DEBATES.

There was also another flip, from which the Warrior was lately launched, but so imall was the number of shipwrights that not any could be spared, at lead very few indeed, to be employed on the new work. Should our fleet come in disabled, either by distress of weather, or in consequence of an engagement with the enemy, he declared, we had lcarce hands sufficient to repair the damage, and fend the shipsto sea in any reasonable time. He repeated, that he confined himself to Portsmouth, becaufehe lived in its neighbourhood, and had more frequent occasion to visit its dock - yard than any other; and although he was well aware of the evil tendency of railing the price of wages in this country, yet lie could not but be of opinion, that sufficient encouragement was not given to the old and deserving shipwrights. Men who had passed their whole time in the service of their country, and were able to perform the laborious part of the mechanical branch, would not, he laid, submit to receive 2s. id. per day for their time, and the mofl they could get with the extra, was 3s. 4d. when they could earn at a merchant’s yard, by working by measure, seven, eight, nine, or ten shillings per day. We need not wonder, that France had made such rapid ftridcs in the increase of her marine, when at the port of Brcft they had upwards of three thousand lhipwrights, whereas at the centrical and principal yard in this kingdom, to which he had been alluding, we had only eight hundred, including apprentices. At the commencement of the present troubles, had apprentices been given to the mod deserving shipwrights in his Majesty’s different yards, who could produce certificates of their having kept their time, and been good workmen, Mr. Fitzherbert said, it would not only have rewarded the old, but encouraged the young; and we might then have had double the number of shipwrights we had at this time. The good eifc&s of which would have been experienced in our having a navy superior to the present. So far was this from having been the case, that last year, in Portsmouth yard, only twenty ' apprentices were allowed to all the different shipwrights, twenty - nine of whom left the yard, and twelve died.

Lord North said, he by no means disapproved of an inquiry Lor < W « nW into the conduct of the Admiralty. It was what Lord Sandwich and the other members who composed the Board most anxioully wished for. There was nothing they more eagerly desired, than that a full, cand ' d, and fair inqui. y into their whole conduct should be let on foot; because they

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

were convinced, indead of being found guilty of those many enormous crimes the honourable gentleman who made the motion would impute to them, it would appear from their zeal and exertions in their official capacity, they merited the highest praise from their country. Before the recess, when the affair which gave rile to the present inquiry was before the House, the members of the Admiralty, confeious of the rectitude of their actions, challenged the opposition to ferutinize, in the fulled manner, their conduct. But indead of coinciding with the wishes of the Admiralty - board, what had gentlemen in the opposition done ? why, after publicly and privately calumniating them, and accusing them of neglect in increasing our navy, though they had many opportunities of doing it, and of letting those ships, they had decay away, and, in general, of total incapacity to fill up an office of such importance; totally regardlyfs of all those assertions, because they were persuaded they were groundless, they had instituted an inquiry of so confined a nature, that it was irnpoffible, confident with justice, to form any resolution that might censure the Fird Lord of the Admiralty. However, he looked on the present motion to be of such a tendency, as to affect not only Lord Sandwich, but every member of administration. For though every Fird Lord of the Admiralty mud of course have great influence, when any naval quedion was agitated in council, yet he had but a ( ingle voice, and the red were equally with him answerable for his conduct. For this reafoo, so far as concerned him, he was not averse to the present motion. It had been intimated that he acted inconlidently in this affair; for, fays the honourable gentleman, had yon acted agreeable to your wishes for an examination of this kind before the recess, you should have moved the present inquiry, and have convinced the nation, the charges against the Fird Lord of the Admiralty were groundless. Would you have me such an ideot, laid the noble Lord, as to accuse administration, who coincided in those measures which Mr. Fox would now reprobate ? It would be not only to impeach my own capacity and honedy, but the abilities and integrity of the other servants of the Crown. As to himself, he candidly owned the honourable gentleman’s superiority in the former, but in the latter he would yield to no man. His Lordship answered several of Mr. Fox’s arguments, particularly those on the people’s power of removal of a minider, and the propriety of such a step, without afJigning any rea -

5

A iy8a DEBATES.

lbn for the tncafure. That was a doctrine, his Lordship said, to which he could not subscribe, and more especially in the extent that the honourable gentleman had carried his idea to The honourable gentleman had said, that even if he was convinced of a minitter’s merit, the public were juf - tified in directing his removal; certainly he should neither admit nor argue, that because a minister had merit, it was a fit cause for his removal; as little should he allow, that removing a minister did not in itself car/y an implication of censure, and therefore was not unjust. His Lordship said, that as the year 1781 would bring the object of the inquiry nearer to Ministers in general than any other year of the war, he certainly would not oppose the motion, though he begged the House to know, that the First Lord of the Admiralty, as well as himself, was ready to meet an inquiry of a much more extensive nature.

Mr. 7ownjhcndexpressed his astonishment how the noble d ° wn

Lord who spoke last, could possibly conceive that the present motion was limited to any particular period, or referred to any particular fa£l, merely through want of sufficient proofs to shew the criminalty of Lord Sandwich : on the contrary, it arose from a certain persuasion, that while he continued in office, no charges could be brought against him with any probability of success; the influence he possessed from his high station would ever render nugatory any attempts to bring him to the punishment he merited.

He then adverted to what had fallen from the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Luttrell ). He was sorry to hear the honourable gentleman complain that his words had been tortured into a meaning which he had never meant them to express.

Bpt especially when he was informed by an honourable gentleman beside him, that he himself was the person alluded to However, as far as he could trust his memory, which he thought was as far as the credit of such an officious testimo - ny might be trusted, he could inform the honourable gentleman, that he had never taken up that honourable gentleman’s expression but in his presence; he should, therefore, take the fame liberty in the present instance. Not that he meant to say any thing that might degrade his sentiments; for, in his opinion, they were such aschara&erized the profession to which he was a great honour. He spoke from principle, while the noble Lord before him spoke with moie parliamentary management. The honourable gentleman ( Mr. Lut - treH ) had objected to the inquiry because he thought it Vol. V. LI might

i

5$

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782.

Mr Fox.

might be dangerous to the interest of his country. But the noble Lord at the head of the Treasury, and fooietirocs recognized by the more distinguished title of the primo minister, was desirous of an inquiry beyond what his accusers require. He then adverted to tive description which the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Luttrell ) had given of the date of the officers of the navy. He considered it the most melancholy description that could possibly be conceived. Our naval force delifting from operation, through difaftfc&ion and distruft of their appointments, our officersundifeiplined and inexperienced, our admirals all created, except in two or three instances, from junior captains in the late war. Were not these sufficient grounds for removing the First Lord of the Admiralty ? that his appointments were such as diiguft - cd the service. It destroyed that unanimity, that ardour, which was essential to the restoration of our profpe - rity.

The motion was agreed to without a division, Mr. John Luttrell giving it a single negative.

Mr. Fox then moved, " that it be referred to a committee of the whole House, on Thursday next. " This was agreed to nem. con•

He next rofc to move for twenty - four different papers, necessary for the purpose of the inquiry.

Nord North objected to those papers, which by giving the letters of those persons who were employed abroad to fur -

nish this country with intelligence might endanger their lives, and do eft ' ential injury to the state.

Lord Mul - Lord Afulgravcfpoke on the fame ground, and added, that

u ' e in all probability there might be circumstances in those communications which would eflc&ually point out the persons to the enemies of our country; or perhaps they might contain particulars which would be profitable if concealed in the future operations of the naval war.

Mr. Fox replied, that he moved only for the letters as necessary to elucidate such matters as might relate to the intelligence which the First Lord of the Admiralty had received. For there were two circumstances contained in the Charges of this inquiry which depended entirely upon those papers he moved to be laid before the House. These were, whether it appeared the noble Lord had obtained proper intelligence ? or, if he had, whether lie had in conic - quence made proper arrangements}

Ld. North.

Mr. Fox.

A. 1782. DEBATES. 259

Did the ministry after their loud boasting mean to deny those necessary documents ? if they did, the public would know how to distinguish between their words and conduct *

They found fault with him for making his inquiry so narrow, and yet on this narrow ground they shewed a dispoli - tion of defeating every thing that was attempted. This would shew the House the reason why he had chosen to bring the inquiry to t close point. He knew the difficulties with which he had to encounter, in ( Iruggling with men possessed of power and inclination to refill the wishes of those with whom he had the honour to act.

Sir Richard Sutton spoke on the other fide, as did the sir R‘chard Secretary at War, and contended, that it was a duty in - utton cumbent upon his Majesty’s ministers, to take care that no hasty motion should pass that might endanger the lives of useful and mod necessary persons, who hazarded every thing in the ( erviceof the country.

The honourable IViitiam Pitt fa id, it Was evident the noble The Hon.

Lord, under the pretence of saving particular persons from W. Piet, danger, who were concerned in the intelligence, meant to evade the whole inquiry; they seemed desirous of showing their innocence, but took every means of concealing their guilt. He afterwards moved, that as an obje£lion was made to producing such intelligence as was absolutely requisite for the inquiry, on account of the danger which might befal particular persons concerned, that only the substance of such intelligence should be laid before the House. This amendment met the fenfeof the House, and after some little con - verfation it was adopted. Several of the motions were put oflfby consent to the next day, to give the Lords of the Admiralty time to inquire and lee whether they might be safely granted, and the following papers were, by motion, ordered to be laid upon the ta ' dc.

1. The substance of the intelligence received of the movements of the Spanish fleets at Cadiz and Ferrol, in the months of February and March 1781.

2. Anextra&of such part of Vice Admiral Darby’s in -

flructions, on his failing to the relief of Gibraltar, as may relate to any orders given to him to detach to the Well - Indies from the Straits ip 1781. '

3. A copy of Vice Admiral Parker’s appointment to the command, upon Vice Admiral Darby leaving the Channel in March 1701; also ofMr. Secretary Stephens’s letter to

L 1 2 Vica

afo PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782

Vice Admiral Parker, upon the service that would be required of him.

4. The substance of the intelligence received at any time of the equipment and failing of Monsieur de la Motte Piquet’s squadron at Brest, af : er Vice Admiral Darby’s failing in March 1781.

5. The substance of the intelligence received at any time of the equipment and failing of Monsieur fie Grasse with his force for the West - Indies, in the months of February and March 1781.

6. The substance of the intelligence received of Monsieur De Guichen’s equipment in May and June 1781, and of his

> failing from Brest for Cadiz.

7. Extract of such parts of Vice Admiral Darby’s instructions on his failing with the fleet in July 1781, as may relate to his endeavouring to prevent the junction of the French and Spanish squadrons; also his weekly account of the number and state of the ships he failed with.

8. A copy of a letter from the mayor of Bristol to Mr. Stephens, upon the subject of the combined fleets; with Mr. Stephens’s answer.

9. A copy or extract of a letter from the Lord Viscount Stormont, one of his Majesty’s principal ( ecretaries of state, informing the government of Ireland of the appearance of the combined fleets in August 1781.

10. Weekly returns of the state of the king’s Blips, from the middle of July to the ift of August 1781, from Ports - mouth, the Downs, the Nore, and Sheerness.

11. The substance of the intelligence received of the French armament at B eft, at any time from the month of September to the failing of Rear Admiral Kempcnfelt on the f > th of December 1781.

12. Weekly accounts of the state and condition of his Majesty’s ships in the different ports at home the last week jn November, and the first week in December, 1781.

13. Extracts of such parts of instructions given to Sir Charles Hardy and Admiral Geary as may relate to their endeavouring to prevent a junction between the French and Spanish squadrons, during their respective commands.

14. A lift of frigates and cruizers employed before the port of Brest, to watch the motions of the enemy’s Blips there, from the iftof January, 1779, to the iB of January, 1782, fnccifying the number of Blips and frigates, and jdat. es when lo employed,

I The

A. 1782. DEBATES. 061

15. The substance of the intelligence received from the West - Indies, relative to the detention of the Jamaica fleet 1111781.

January 25.

Mr. Fox rose to make the motions which, on the close Mf Foiu of the debate of yesterday, were by both fides of the House referred over to this day as granted, provided that upon the inspection of the papers they required, administration might fee nothing in them which, being disclosed, could possibly prove of detriment to the nation. In running over the business, he was interrupted by

Lord North, merely that his Lordship might be informed LordNortk. whether the honourable mover designed to introduce any new motion among those which had been already agitated.

Mr. Fox acquainted him, but one or two, which were Mr. Fouu amended ones, and he was lure would paf > without oppofi - tion. He then proceeded, but was a little after interrupted again, by a question from

Lord Mulgrcrve, whodefired to know, whe her, in the cor - Lord kf « l

rclpondence required to be laid before the committee, of the rave admirals with the Admiralty, the honourable gentleman meant to include fomc secret, though general instructions, which it was usual for the Admiralty to issue to every one of our naval commanders

Mr. Fox informed him he did not deflrc the disclosure of Mr. F x, any thing which ought to be concealed; however he would reserve the one which appeared objectionable till Monday, that in the mean time administration might be satisfied with their propriety. He then once more resumed the remainder of his firing of motions, and got through them entirely.

Mr. Minchen then moved, that there be laid before the Jr. Mia House an account of all the Admirals, commissioned officers, c, ft and other offiers in the navy, who are now abVent from their duty, together with the reasons thereof.

Lord Mulgrave begged to know what the honourable gen - Lore tleman meant by the word reasons in his motion ? Possibly the 8Wre gentleman wished to know the reason, which every officer, applying for leave of absence, assigned to his application— if Jo, the Admiralty could have no objection to gratify him - —but without some such explanation the present term was too general,

Mr.

62

Mr. Bimbfr

Ca&oync.

Lord Howe

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

Mr. Minchin not appearing quite satisfied with this limitation,

Mr. Bambtr Gascoine got up, and was beginning to expatiate on the abfurdTry as well as indecency of requiring the Admiralty to pry minutely into the affairs < f the gentlemen : of the navy, whole occasions in ght require their absence.

But Admiral Keppel, fully explaining the nature of these applications, they acquiesced in the propriety of the motion, 1

Lord Hawt moved, that an account be laid before the House of all those ships which had been ordered to be got ready for Admiral Rodney’s expedition to the West - Indies, together with the report of such as were, in consequence of that order, declared to be in readiness, with the respectivo dates of the order and report; as also the number of ships, the names of their commanders, the numbers of their men and guns respectively, which actually failed upon that expedition. He observed that this motion could not possibly detriment it now, else he would not have made it. It passed without objection.

In consequence of these motions the following papers were Ordered to be laid upon the table.

1. The substance of all information of the state and rea - ] diness of the Dutch naval force, and particularly the state of the Texel immediately previous to his Majesty’s proclamation, directing hostilities; also the substance of all informa tion, obtained by the Admiralty, or any of his Majesty ’ t ministers, describing the force and practicability of a fqoa - dron of the king’s ships entering the Texel by force.

2. An extrad from Admiral Darby’s letter to the Admiralty, on his leaving Spithead, in March 1781, to ascertain the day of his failing also such extraCU of his letters to Mr. Stephens from the coast of Ireland, as may relate to his junction with the victuallers off that coast, to his force to the time of his failing from thence, and any information he might have himself received, and thought proper to transmk to the Admiralty, concerning the French and Spaoifh fleets being at fca.

3. The information sent by the Admiralty to Sir George Rodney, apprising him of the failing of Monfteur DeGrane for the West - Indies, in March 1781.

4. The weekly accounts of the state and condition of his Majesty’s ships fitting and in readiness at Plymouth, Ports mouth, and the Downs, immediately after the failing of

Viet

t

- A. 1782 *

DEBATES *

26}

Vice Admiral Darby, the 13th March 1781; and also for the last week in March and iecond week in April 1781.

5. All such extracts from Sir George Rodney’s letters to the Admiralty as relate to his informing them of his fending Commodore Hotham to England with the property captured at St. Euftatius.

6. All such extracts from Vice Admiral Darby’s letters to the Admiralty as contain his reasons for leaving his station, sent either from sea, or on his arrival at Torbay in August 1781, with Mr. Stephens’s answers.

7. All such extracts from Vice Admiral Parker’s letters to the Admiralty, and from their Lordships to the Vice Admiral, as may contain information relative to the Dutch squadron and their movements, to the Vice Admiral’s requifi - tions, and the Admiralty’s intentions of fending reinforcements in time. Also

8. A copy of Vice Admiral Parker’s letter to the Admiralty, giving an account of his action with the Dutch squadron oh the Dogger Bank, Aug. 5th, 1781, or all such extracts fiora that letter as may relate to the action. Also

9. Such extracts from Vice Admiral Darby’s letters to Mr, Stephens, as contain the hate and condition of the ships under his command on their return from their cruize in November 1781. Alio

10 Such extracts of Rear Admiral Kempenfelt’s corref - pondence with the Admiralty, as relate to the objects of his command from the time of his appointment, and of the in - structions with which he failed in December 1781, and the intelligence given to him by the Admiralty, or any of his Majesty’s ministers, relative to the force of the enemy. Also

11. A copy of Rear Admiral Kempenfek’s letter to the Admiralty, upon his falling in with the French fleet in December 1781. Also

12. A lift of the French and English fleets in the action between Sir Samuel Hood and Monneur De Grasse off Point Salines, with all such extracts from Sir Samuel Hood’s letter to the Admiralty as give an account of that action. Also

13. An account of ships and frigates employed for the de - fence of the island of Jeifey, in the month of January 178 r. Also

14. An account of the number of ships of war lately failed under the command of Admiral Sir George Rodney for the West - Indie *, specifying the times when they were respect-

64 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 -

were ( everally reported to be ready for Tea; together with the names of the lliips, and the commanders of them, at their different periods. And jlfo

15. A lift of the names of the admirals, captains, and other commanders, born for full pay in his Majesty’s fleet now absent from their duty, with the reasons in their applications.

January 28.

George Sir George Yonge complained of a person named Broughton, Yonge. an elector of Honiton, who had committed a scandalous breach of priviledge, by endeavouring to impede the orders of that House, and preventing the execution of them. He was ordered to attend.

Lord Mul - Lord Mulgrave said he was sorry that the honourable giive. member who had moved that the committee on the naval inquiry should fit on Thursday next, was not then in the House; he had sent him notice on Sunday that he ( Lord Mulgrave ) would move this day, for discharging that order, and making a new one for the fitting of the committee on Thursday sevennight, because the papers which had been moved for as necessary to the inquiry, could not possibly be ready by Thursday next. This, as soon as he knew it, he communicated to Mr. Fox; and the honourable member had sent him for answer, that he should be in his place in the House on Monday : but he was sorry to hear now that the honourable gentleman was prevented by indisposition from attending. His Lordship however said, that he would wait till to - morrow *, if necessary; and then would make the motion he had mentioned.

Mf. T. Mr. T. Townshend was not less sorry for the indisposition Townshend. of his honourable friend, than astonished at the intention of the noble Lord to put off the inquiry, after ministers had in a manner defied it. It was singular that they did not know that the papers would be voluminous. They did not say a word at that time. On Thursday they were to go

into this business. It was not therefore probable that an other opportunity would occur, as the next day there was to be a ballot, and Wednesday was a holiday. They would be left therefore altogether in doubt whether it was to come on on Thursday or not. He was

proceeding, when he was interrupted by the Speaker, who informed him that there was no question before the House, and that it would be disorderly to proceed merely upon

A. : 78a. DEBATES *

upon a notice of a motion given by the noble Lord A convention upon order succeeded, which, after some time, was ended by

Lord Mulgrave, who hearing himself called upon by Mr, Lord Byng, to make his motion then, rose for the purpose of ma - raTe king it. He said, if gentlemen supposed it was the wish or desire of the Admiralty to delay the inquiry for the purpose of delay, they were very much mistaken : the Admiralty had defied, provoked, challenged the inquiry; and had only to regret that the gentlemen on the other fide of the House had narrowed the scale on which the noble Lord at the head of the Admiralty was earnest that it should have been conduced : but since those gentlemen had, for purposes belt known to themselves, directed the whole of the inquiry to one single obje£f, it was the wish of the noble Earl, who was most interested in the eyent of the inquiry, to lay before the House, in the mod clear and ample manner, those documents which had been moved for; and he wished it the more, as he was conscious, that what his enemies imagined would furnish the great grounds for their repeated inveCives against him, would furnish on the contrary, the most irrefragable proofs of his innocence; and that what they fondly hoped would cover him with ' disgrace, would point him out to his countrymen as an able, zealous, and meritorious servant of the public; those documents would dispel the mists of prejudice that had been raised about that noble Earl’s character; and shew him in his true colours, a faithful and aCive minister. Nothing therefore was meant by the wished - for delay of the inquiry, than that the Admiralty might have time to make out these documents in the most clear and satisfactory manner for the House, and for the public. When the honourable member ( Mr. Fox ) moved for the inquiry, he had the day fixed for Thursday next, before he made his motion ( of which he had such a number in his hand at the time, that he could scarcely grasp them ) for the various papers that he thought necessary to the inquiry : he had made it a request of the honourable gentleman to withdraw some of these motions, till the Lords of the Admiralty should have an opportunity to look into their books, and fee if in any of the papers to be moved for, there were any which it would not be proper to grant : the honourable member complie4 with his request : when the House was rising he asked the honourable gentleman for a copy of the motions he had withdrawn; and received for answer, that he would very readily Vql, V. Mm give

66 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

give him copies of them if he had any : but that he would. fend them to him the next day : this, however, he had omitted to do : the next, day was Friday; when that honourable member made the motions he had withdrawn the preceding day, together with some new ones, which he had not mentioned before. It was therefore Saturday morning before his Lordship had an opportunity to refer to the book at the Admiralty; he had examined them all that day; he continued his labour on Sunday morning; and then found, that the papers moved for would be so voluminous that it would be absolutely impoflihlc to have them ready byThurf - dny next : fitting in the midst of thele books and papers, he wrote a card on Sunday morning to the honourable member, to acquaint him with this circumstance; and had intimated fct the same time his intention to move for adjourning the iitting of the committee toThurfday sevennight; the answer he received was that he ( Mr. Fox; would uc in the House on this day. No time had been loft by the Admiralty in looking into their books; the earliest notice was given that it would be impoflihlc to have the papers that had been ordered f by the House ready by ncxtThnrfday : by Thursday seven -

pight however every thng would be ready for the inquiry; not that he meant by this that the papers could not be produced much sooner. He hoped that by Monday he should lie able to lay them on the table; and between that day and Thursday gentlemen would have time to peruse them He wished that the honourable mover had been present, but from what had been said by gentlemen on the other fide, he trusted that it would not be imputed to him, that in making the motionnowhe had treated thchonourablegentleman With difrcfpe£t : nor he trusted, would any man believe that he was capable of defeending to the mcanness of a manoeuvre in wishing to protract the inquiry for a week longer. Having said this much, his Lord Chip moved that the order for going into the committee on Thursday next be discharged; and a new ‘order, made for the fitting of the committee on Thursday sevennight.

Mr. T. Mr. T. Townshend fnid, ' thatit was for sinister purposes Twwn/hend. and not merely on the grounds mentioned by the noble Lord, that the delay was wished for : he could not conceive that the paper ! moved for would be as voluminous as his Lordship dcicfibed them; nor did he think that much time would be necessary to digest or put them into proper form; for many of them had already appeared in print; many others

contained

A. 1782. DEBATES.

contained nothing more than the instructions given to our own officers; all the mighty hufmeis that could require any little time or labour, would be that of digesting the substance of the intelligence received from our spies abroad : therefore as he could not be persuaded that the whole put together would be either voluminous, or laborious, he could not augur well of the wished - for delay : and it appeared to him rather ominous that those who had so readily agreed to the inquiry, nay provoked it, should now be so desirous to ( belter themselves from it by delay.

' He remarked, that it was very evident for what mi - niftry protratted the space set apart for the inquiry. There were various descriptions of men in that House, who were to be dealt with according to their different feelings previous Jo the opening of that business; some were to be convinced onevray, and some another. Some were to have promises made to them, and some promises performed : in short, the troops that wavered were to be fixed, and those who were confirmed, were to be assuredly kept so; besides, it was hoped by this management, that the supporters of the motion for the inquiry would be wearied out and deterred from their duty, on seeing so many obstacles thrown in their way, under the perluafion that Administration had not taken such extraordinary pains without a certainty of fereening them fdves. The inquiry was not a matter of yesterday, it had been known for months that it would take place, and the papers were such as must obviously have been ex petted to oe moved for; they ought therefore to have been ready. He knew that a Lord of the Admiralty might absent himself from his duty at fca, and being a member of Parliament he might run down into the country in a recess, leaving his duty elsewhere wholly unattended to; but in this case the public newspnpers had declared, that during the recess the clerks of the Admiralty were all busily employed in preparing such papers as would be necessary to be produced to Parliament, as evidence upon the naval inquiry, that was expected to take place after the holidays. Besides, how was the noble Lord’s time employed, that he never found out that the papers moved for, part of them on Thursday and part of them on Friday, were extremely voluminous, and would take up much time to prepare, till Sunday evening, [ Lord Mulgrave said across the House, tc my words were Sunday morning. "J " Good Gcd, exclaimed Mr. Towns - hend, in a vein of strong irony, here do I ( land convicted, M in 2 before

G

26$

Mr. B/nj.

Sir James Mthiott.

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1782.

before this House, and in the face of my country, of having flated a transaction to have taken place on Sunday evening, when from the testimony of a Lord of the Admiralty, it appears that it really took place on Sunday morning ! What a wicked misrepresentation have I been guilty of ? Sunday morning he it, however, and I still say, I cannot help feeling a little surprize that the noble Lord did not sooner discover, what he has this day dated to be, the reason that has induced him to move to discharge the order of Thursday lad; an order, in the framing of which he had, for ought I know, as much to do as my honourable friend. "

Mr. Byttg remarked that it had an ill appearance, that the Admiralty should wish to put off the inquiry for Thursday next : on that day the House was to be called over; and therefore a pretty full attendance might be expected; and it was only in a full House that so important an inquiry should take place : but perhaps miniders did not think the attendance sufficiently great. On the 2id, when the House was called over for the first time, there were a great many absentees on the minideriai fide : the delay might give them time to come to town; and perhaps during the time gained by the delay, miniders might be able to convince many other members, by irrefidible arguments, that the manage ment of the navy was such as mud do honour to Lord Sand wich. Those very likely were the great objects of miniden in putting off the inquiry for another week; and therefore it was the duty of the real friends to their country to oppose a delay, not calcula ' ed for the benefit of the country. He had proposed the call of the House, and he had incurred much censure, because there had been no material business. Now that it was putoff for a week longer he should incur much more censure. He saw no earthly reason for the delay, un - lcfs that which his honourable friend had pointed out of ait intention of management in the Admiralty, so as all former inquiries had been managed and defeated.

Sir Jama Marriott begged of the gentlemen on the other

fide of the House, to consider the nature of the business which occupied the attention of the House. It was a judicial iu - quiry. The gentlemen had brought severe charges against the Admiralty Board, and they had called for documents to support and prove those charges. The evidence on both fidcs was to be brought forward; by whom ? By the party accused. So far this business differed from the prac fice of the Courts below; for here the party accused wras called upon to bring forward the evidence by which the

A. 1782. DEBATES. 6$

charge against him was to be proved. Was it not necessary that he should have time to do this ? The clerks in the office could not prepare the papers without the assistance and inspection of the principals of the Board. It was a task for the Lords of the Admiralty themselves to look over care - fully, to digest and arrange those papers; and in executing the order, prepare also the defence of the First Lord of the Admiralty. The evidence on both Tides was contained in the papers that were called for. It was a mod serious and important inquiry. The eyes of all Britain were now upon tho conduct of the Parliament, and therefore would it be wife, would it be right, would it be candid, to hurry a business which could only be done well by being done deliberately }

It was surely right in the Admiralty to come forward in the business, and tell the House when they could have the papers ready : they did so; they said Thursday sevennight. TheHouse then understood, that on Thursday sevennight the inquiry was to come on peremptorily; they were to have no further delays, and as this was but a ( ingle week, it could not surely be any great difference to gentlemen, or to the nation in general. It would be known, and perfectly under - Hood, that it was to come on peremptorily on that day as now settled.

In the instance of the inquiry in question, he took the charge to be two - fold, and to consist of these parts—Either that the Earl of Sandwich, ( as First Lord of the Admiralty, ) was in possession of material and important intelligence, which he neglecded to take that advantage of which his duty to his country rendered indispensibly necessary; or, that the Earl of Sandwich was destitute of that information which it was his duty to have procured; and that not having procured such information had proved fatal to the interest of that Hate, in the administration of whose executive government he held a responsible situation.

In order to make out either part of this weighty charge, a variety of papers had been called for, that were to serve the purpose of both fides of the inquiry; and to form a body of evidence, in which was to be found proof of the criminality, or proof of the innocence of the party charged with such a criminal neglect of duty.

Sir James declared, he spoke not from any prejudice one way or the other, he meant not to favour the Earl of Sandwich any more, than he should wish to be supposed illiberal enough to pronounce acensure upon him before his conduct

PARLIAMENTARY

ajo

A 1782.

du& was investigated, and fa£h established, that amounted to prove his meriting censure; hut it was due to the noble Lord from motives of delicacy, and from principles of justice, that the inquiry should he cooly and deliberately conduced, that no reasonable desire of further time for preparation should be refuted, and that the whole should be marked with singular candour, temper, and solemnity.

Mr/Bamfeer Mr. Bamber Gafroyne iaid, that no moment had been loft

Gffcojne, jn tjic preparation of the papers at the Admiralty. As soon as it was known what were all the papers that were wanted, which was not till Saturday morning, they instantly let about collecting and arranging them for the copying clerks. On Saturday morning it was found they were so voluminous, that without taking all the persons in the office from the ne *, cessary detail of duty, in all the several parts, and employing even the Secretary and every other person, from morning till night, they could not prepare them in time. Now would gentlemen wish to bring on the inquiry without the papers; or did it looklike management and manoeuvretocome forward fairly, as soon as they saw they could not execute the order to the moment, and inform the House of the fad ? There had been a great deal of ahufe, and invedive, and calumny, against the First Lord of the Admiralty; —and there might be now a great deal of calumny — and a great many words about this delay — but words were but wind, and this House was full of wind. — It was certainly the most windy place in the kingdom, and as the Tailor called it, there was a great deal of foul wind. He however did not mind it. No person with candour and firmness would lay, that the Admiralty wished to shrink from the inquiry They desired to have it; they wished that it had been made on broader ground, and not as it was; confined to one line, and that a very narrow one. They hoped that they would have instituted an inquiry into the whole of the navial system and management since the commencement of the war. But he suppoled that the gentlemen themselves who had begun this inquiry, found that they had gone too far, and wished that they might get out of the disgraceful predicament of having made violent and unjust charges, lession after fdlion, against the Board of Admiralty.

With regard to the insinuations about art and management, that had been thrown out, they were not worthy an answer; had any such design either been thought of or re - iblvcd upon, the noble Lord who nude the motion had too

4

open

A17S !. DEBATES 7

t

Open and too manly a mind to suffer himself to be made rite inllrament of it. Equally unworthy of an answer was what an honourable gentleman had thought proper to throw out, 1 Of a first lord of the Admiralty’s going into the country during the recess. That gentleman, perhaps, was the only onewha would say he thought it a matter either to be blamed or wondered at, that a member of Parliament, whose proleflional duty had kept him at lea all the summer, should take advantage of the Christmas recess, and go down to the country to fee his friends and relations. For his part, not having the fame strong reasons to impel him to leave town, he defied any man to prove, that for the several years he had enjoyed the honour of fitting at a public Board, he had, even in summer, neglected to attend his duty. He had done so regularly, and whenever the inquiry was proceeded upon, he was persuaded it would be found that the conduct of the Board in general was such as by no means merited the imputations that had been repeatedly call on its several members.

Mr. William Pitt said, that an assertion of the last gentle - Mr. Wo than ’ s, who was one of the Lords of the Admiralty, dclerved the particular confederation of the House; since it was an assertion which the records of that House would fully and effectually refute. The honourable gentleman had said, that as soon as it was known at the Admiralty what were the papers wanted in this inquiry, which was not till Saturday morning, they set about preparing them. To shew the v

Complete and disgraceful negligence of the Admiralty in this inllance, he begged leave to quote, from the Journals of that House, the resolutions of Thursday last. He Tead those resolutions, fifteen of which were for the production of different papers necessary to the conduct of this inqui - fy. Here then was a detection of the assertion of the honourable gentleman; for by this it appeared, that the lords Of the Admiralty, who attended their duty in Parliament, knew of a great part of the papers that were wanted on Thursday night; and the Board knew officially of them on Friday morning. The House would also fee, that the papers called for were not in their nature voluminous, nor such is required much time for preparation. If there were not clerks in the Admiralty, why did they not procure more

But perhaps the principals in the office were not capable, without much time, and great leisure, of arranging, digesting, and preparing this mass of evidence. If so, let them confcfs it"; confess the incapacity of office, and there was no doubt tut Parliament would be able to remedy even that evil. The

' bufinefg

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 178

business was plain and simple; the papers were to be copied and laid upon the table. It would not, in his opinion, require a labour of two days to collell, arrange, and digest the whole. And it was of a nature which the Admiralty ought to have foreseen as likely tQ be called for, and which might Tiavc been prepared during the recess. But the learned gentleman who had spoken immediately before the Iafl speaker, had thrown a good deal of light on the business. He was a great Crown lawyer, and therefore what he said must be attended to He had called it a judicial inquiry. This he denied. A judicial inquiry it was not, nor partaking of the nature of the proccfles in the Courts below. It was a great solemn inquiry by the House of Commons into one of the high departments of the slate; it was an inquiry which the calamities of the empire called for, and which was necessary to the honour, the respell—nay, in his foul, he believed to the existence of the state : —But the learned gentleman went farther, being a judicial inquiry, this Crown lawyer declares, and the House must mark it, the Lords of the Admiralty, in executing the order of the House, are in fall to prepare the charge against themselves, and this naturally requires some time; for, in preparing the charge, they must also contrive to frame the defence. These were the Crown lawyer’s very Words. In executing the order, they have also to prepare the defence of the First Lord of the Admiralty. Let it therefore be clearly understood, from this high authority, that as the Lords of the Admiralty have to bring forward the charge against themselves, they must necessarily take time, and do it with deliberation, for they must also warp into the charge the defence. He must beg leave to differ with his right honourable friend, in his observation, that gentlemen remarking this conduit of the Admiralty would be fatigued in the pursuit, and give it up in despair. God forbid ! No; they would on the contrary view it as a tacit, lilent symptom of conscious guilt; they would, if they saw that there was a drfign to overthrow that by management which they co&ki not refill if met fairly, consider the Admiralty - Board as labouring under the conviction of delinquency; they would say that it carried with it strong symptoms of dark, latent, lurking guilt, which coveted concealment. That after a ' l their founding, proud boasts, challenges, and defiances, they funk into mean and wretched pretences, hoping to secure themselves for a time from the infamy of that detection which must come upon them at last. Nay, that they

were

Av 17&2/ DEBATE S. 273

were To fond of place, that for the fake of another week’s life, they would fall so low as to practise a little manoeuvre on the House, and live on the precarious and temporary acquief - cence of Parliament. However, upon the whole, he would rejoice if he could be satisfied, that according to the assertion of the learned gentleman, Thursday sevennight should pe remptorily be the day for inquiry; and that ministers would not then strive to put it off to a ( till more distant day.

Mr. Gafioyne rose to explain : he said, the honourable Mr. Gas - member had misunderstood him; for when he said that the c ° yBe‘ Admiralty did not till Saturday morning know what papers would be wanted, he meant all the papers that should be wanted; and if he had taken the rouble to read the volume of motions contained in the votes of Friday, which he had not read, the House would find that they would equal ii number those contained in the votes of Thursday, which he had read.

Mr. Martin said, he rose not to take up much of the at - Mr MjLrtin tention of the House, but merely to say, that he thought there had been time enough to prepare the papers in question, between the period of their being ordered and Thursday next, for which reason the delay, now moved for, appeared to him to be wholly unnecessary.

Lord Mulgrave said that it was impossible that Lord Sand - Lora M « W wich could have been able to prepare for a defence during the mt recess, because knowing, as he did know, that his works were all in the moll complete order, it was impossible that he could have forcfeen where the attack would be made upon them. Gentlemen were not at all aware of the great labour that roust attend the extracting and digesting thefubftance of the papers called for : it would be necessary to read over the correspondence or intelligence from abroad, for eight months past; perhaps in some sheets not above a line might be found relating to the object of the inquiry; perhaps in others not a word; but Hill they must be all read; and read only by the secretary or lords of the Admiralty themselves; because this intelligence, being of a confidential nature, ought not to be intrusted to the ordinary clerks in office : and let gentlemen think what they might to the contrary, he could assure the House, that if all the ordinary business of the Board was tQ stand still, and all the clerks be employed in copying the extracts, they could not be ready by Thursday next. As to the idea that had been thrown out, that the Board wished for an opportunity, or time to be able to bring forward papers, Vol. V Nn but

274

Cot. Garre.

The Solicitor General

PARLIAMENTARY A, 17S2.

but at the same time withhold the real and substantial intelligence that the House required, all he would say. was, that the First Lord of the Admiralty, who should dare to do such a thing Qught to loofehis head : all therefore that he wifined for, was time to execute in the most full and ample manner the orders of the House, let the consequence be what it might : the public Had aright to know what their servants had done; and when they fl/culd. hfave the moftample documents before them, they then would be able to form a proper judgment of the conduct of those servants; to inflict punishment if it should be found necessary; to bellow praise if found to have been deserved. The delay called for was but short; this was not the month of June, but of February; ana therefore there - was no reason to suppose that gentlemen were eager to return to the country : so that it would be to them of very little difference whether the inquiry should take place on Thursday next, or on that day sevennight. As to the idea of management, which had been thrown out, and for which it had been suggested hat the delay was called for, he was so far above stich paltry shifts, that he could look down with contempt upon the insinuation.

Colonel Bnrre hoped, and trustbd that the noble Lord meant, by wishing to postpone the inquiry till Thursday sevennight, to have an opportunity of bringing forward the papers that were called for on Monday next, by which gentlemen woe hi be able to read them before the day of - inquiry : for, Lord Sandwich of a manoeuvre

awl, that in his own defence ! impossible ! It would be calumny to think of it ! try bringing them forward on that day, the House would be able to get matters of the f; t£ls, ami then, as the learned gentleman had said, they would go peremptorily into the inquiry. on Thursday seven - nighr.

The Solicitor General declared, that for his own part, he

was so - much an enemy to the production of those. papers at all, he thought them so dangerous, and so improper to be given io that House, and consequently to all the world, that lie wondered how ministers could conierit to lay them upon the tabic. He was an enemy to the inquiry; for by such an inquiry, and the production of Inch papers, we. destroyed the constitution itself, and1 loft albthe benefits arifingfrora an executive government, as distin£t from a legislative We might as well have all our operations against the enemy brought forward, weighed, difeufied, and adopted. in that 3 House,

A - 17 8 *. DEBATES.

275

House, as ' to produce all the secret communications of government, "What was the hazard which we were to run in this business ? We were to bring forward all the papers that •had been sent to us by those very useful, necessary, and valuable people, who, at the hazard of their lives, and with death always before them, sent us accounts of every thing.

It was very true, the substance only was 10 be given of their orrespondence; but might not that be enough to point out who they were, perhaps in the councils of the enemy, or near them, who furnished us with the intelligence r Considering this, he wondered much, that mini Iters had allowed the papers to be produced at all; but having fufFered them, it was certainly their next duty to take care, that in executing the order of the House, they did not suffer one line nor one

2liable to pass which should be injurious, or should endanger e country which they were appointed to protest. For this rearibn time must be given; they had mentioned the time necessary, and he did not fee how the House could refuse the motion. He supported Dr. Marriot’s idea of the business bin g judicial, inasmuch as it was ulhered into the House with alUhe force of the mod elaborate accusation, in a speedi of the honourable mover of near three hours long.

Mr. Burke commented on the learned gentleman’s speech Mr. Burke, with great address. The learned crown lawyer had positively declared, that his Majesty’s mini lie rs had in his opinion abandoned their duty ana betrayed their country They had annihilated die executive government entirely. If this was true, and in the learned gentleman’s opinion it was, they ought instantly to be impeached, tried, and brought to the block. This being the learned gentleman’s opinion, it was no wonder that he should object to the inquiry, for upon this ground the inquiry itielf was unconflitutional.

The honourable gentleman in very strong colours painted this Curious argument, and he then answered others of the adeftions that had been made, cohtending, that the delay moved for was to him the strongest proof of the intention of tniniiters, and that tkefe intentions were to blast and defeat the inquiry. As to the fear of our spies suffering by any information given to this House, the place, dates and names being suppressed, he could not fee any danger arising tp any of them from such a production. It was not the nature of fee ret intelligence to be prolix. Indeed poor must his qualities as a spy be, who does not in a line or twd suggest the whole of his business; long dissertations were nit their talent, and the

spy

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1782,

spy who went in such a round - about manner to work would deserve to be hanged by the minister here as well as the minister there.

He had heard that words were but wind and that they were here more windy than any where else; he believed the gentleman who had said to, meant to refer to the vote of this House that the influence of th Crown had increased, was increasing, and ought to be dimipished. If the honourable gentleman meant to make their speaker a mere Eolus, that clau/o Ventorum car$cre rennet. Whenever this inquiry

took place, he would find that cc illi imper ' wm pelagl feevum questfidcntcm. "

He lamented Mr. Fox’s illness, but declared if he continued ill the inquiry ought to proceed, and even if the court -. try was to suffer such a serious calamity, as his honourab ' e friend’s death, it ought to be followed up earnestly and so - lemnly; nay, of so much consequence was the inquiry to the public, that no bad use would be made of the skin of his departed friend, ( should such be his fate ) if like that of John ' Zifca, it were converted into a drum, and used for the purpose of founding an alarm to the people of England, in order to teach them, that the only means of saving the flare was for that House to be rapid in inquiry into the condu£t of the servants of the Crown, and flow in voting away the money of their constituents.

Lord Mulgrave’s motion for discharging the order of Thursday lafi, was then put and agreed to.

His Lordship afterwards moved, u That the House re - solve itself into a Committee of Inquiry, for the purpose of investigatin the naval condu£t of the war, during the course of the year r8i, onThurfday, the 7th of February.

This was likewise carried.

It was then proposed to go into a Committee of Supply to Btrre. vote the ordnance estimates; but Colonel Barre opposed the measure on this ground, that it was then too late an hour to enter into a new debate on estimates, which were of such magnitude that they well deserved a whole day’s difeuflion; they were in size the moll enormous, in shape the most questionable of any estimates he had ever seen : they amounted to 1, 644. 246 !. equal nearly to 3s. 6d. in the pound land tax. It was an estimate unprecedented in the English annals He found that new expences had been incurred by a new species of defence; for since our, navy had ceased to pom - maod the Teas, wc had been obliged to have recourse to lapd ’ J ' fortifications j

277

A. 1782. DEBATES

fortifications; and when he found where those fortifications were raised, on the eastern coast of the island from the Thames to the island of Shetland inolufively, he could not but consider the unfortunate cause that had rendered all this expence necessary, the war with Holland. If gentlemen meant to act with decency they would not thjnk of going into the committee that night. Many members not believing itpoffible that ministers could think of desiring the House to go into the committee that night had gone home, and those who remained were fatigued with the debate which the House had been engaged in He recommended it therefore to their consideration whether under such circumstances they would thnk of entering on this enormous estimate now.

Lord North contended for the necessity of voting this fer - rice; it should have been done before the recess, but for a raiftake : and it now must be done, as the service would suffer by farther delays. The sum was undoubtedly great; it was not greater in proportion, however, than former years; it had increased with the occasions of the state, and was unavoidably enormous this year. He said, the estimate had been along time upon the table, much longer than usual; lb that gentlemen might have had many oppo. tunities of examining it with care. It was owing to an accidental error in the accounts now upon the table that the estimate was not voted for before the recess according to the usual custom.

Mr. Ktnrick spoke a few words, and said, that perhaps the Mr. Ke ttiftake was owing to him. He was a young member of the « ck - Board of Ordnance, and was not much acquainted with the forms of Parliament.

Mr. Byngfpoke warmly on the shame of going into a Mr. Bjag.

committee at so late an hour of the night, which he said looked as if ministry wished to take the House by surprise; and he therefore moved that the House should adjourn.

Colonel Barre seconded this motion and said, he should be Co1, Barre glad, however, if they would agree to go into it that night, to go through as much of it as they could, and adjourn it over to another day. He did not wish to impede the public business. He delired only that gentlemen might fully examine an account which was really flvameful in its extravagance. In answer to what Mr. Kenrick had said, he ob -. served, that though he was not acquainted with the honourable gentleman, he was persuaded no part of the blame ought to be attributed to him; that if it had been found requiute for the present account to be laid before Parliament sooner,

there

7 *

LordNorfh *

t

Mr. Burke.

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 5

there were members of this House belonging to that dcpai ment, whose knowledge of the mode of conducting be nets would have certainly prevented them from falling in the like error with the honourable gentleman.

Lord North said, he lamented, as much as any roan, ti large amount of the estimate now before the House, but exigencies of our affairs required it; that it was very rose countable to him, how the honourable Member on the of polite fide of the way could say that ministry w ' rshed toftk

fentlemen by surprise, and hurry this business through loufc; every candid man must confess the contrary; th accounts had been lying on the table for a week part, the House was well apprized of the purport of them, there was not a member that was not perfectly acquainted with them. If the House was to assent to the honourable gentleman ' proposition, the business of the nation would ever remain undone, for on like pretences it might be put off to - eternity. It was the constant custom of this House, for ail fobjeds concerning the expenditure of the public money to be dif - cuffed on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays; and in conformity with this usage ( should the matter be now defend ) it could not be debated on Friday next, being a holiday appointed by act of Parliament, no business could be tnof - acted on it. [ Here there was a loud laugh from the other fide of the House, at a holiday by act of Parliament. ] Upon which his Lordship took occasion to observe, that the fad was so far so that it was a day set apart by the legislature for regions observance, let gentlemen of certain principles ridicule it as they might; he then proceeded to observe, that Wedoefiliy was appointed for the striking of a committee for a contend election, the final settlement of which generally took of dll pa ft fix o ’ clock, so that one of the principal objections the honourable gentleman had against going into this affair now, the late hour of the day, would hold equally good on Friday, and of course it would be delayed till the Monday after. Gentlemen not aware of the great inconvenience that would arile to government from such a measure, by deranging its pfaw for the welfare of the nation; the injury the state might foffcr in consequence of such a delay would be but poorly atond for by this boasted maturity of investigation. He thereforej wished the matter might then meet the decision of they ' House.

Mr. Burke said that he did not intend then speaking, had not the noble Lord given him a cue. He has told the House

there.

A. 178#. DEBATES; 279 -

there was not a Member who was not perffe&ly acquainted with the particulars of the estimates. He would ask his Lord - ship, had he that knowledge of this matter that he supposed was already so clear to the House ? If he had I shall propose a question or two to him. ( Upon which Lord North candidly coofefTed that he had not examined the papers. ) From this Mr. Burke concluded that if his Lordship, who is generally acknowledged to be mod competent and accurate in money matters, confessed his not having looked iqto it, how could he possibly imagine die rest of the House had been mailers of the subject he mentioned ! In calling his eye over them, he perceived one charge for salt - petre, the enormity of which particularly ftmek him; the quantity charged for, he said, was sufficient to pickle the atmosphere from hence to the East Indies. He dwelt with a vast deal of humour 00 it; and then alluded to Lord North’s ' mentioning Friday next being a holiday by Act of Parliament, by ob - serving his Lordship had certainly in his eye at the time, another Act of Parliament for making a holiday; namely, the - gua - powder treason plot, which this vast quantity of hlt - petre could not have failed to have given rife to Hew 1 eager are Ministers to expedite through this House all business relative to the expenditure of money; but when any in quiry is set on foot against them, how tardy, how many ob - ftacles do. they throw in the way to Hop its progress, or attempts to {mother it in its birth ! The account was abfo - v

lately, scandalous. It was one of those things which in mathematics are called incommensurable; —it was impossible to reduceittoany common llandard it went to a point of extravagance beyond all rule; but it was to be judged of by proportion. So then, because 6oo, ocol. wa9 the expence of oat year; 8oo, ooool. the next; —900, 0001. the next; —

1, lOOjOOtl. the next;. and 1, 600, ooool. the present—it was moderate in proportion; because we have been trying our strength in lifting a bull every day iince he was a calf; it is not now to be considered as any uncommon exertion of bodily power. The honourable gentleman having enriched this idea with some beautiful iimilies and deductions, concluded with declaring that they could not with any regard to their obligations suffer this account to be voted without examination; and he must therefore vote for the motion of adornment.

General Conway said, that great part of this motion was General oa the expenditure of fortifications from the Thames to Conway.

v Shetland;

% > PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782,

Shetland; and for his part his mind was not capable to grasp so great an undertaking without the assistance and support of men of knowledge and ability, to form a proper opinion upon it; and ’ indeed his total defpa r of obtaining any benefit whatsoever to his country from such an inquiry, prevented his exertions on the occasion; however, as some honourable friends of his entertained hopes of it, he would endeavour at a future day to give them every assistance within the compals of his poor abilities *

Sir Georg Sir GeorgeYoigeobserved, that it was the duty of every Yo fce Member who fat in that House, to use his utmost exertions to promote every measure that tended to the benefit of the nation; and, on the other hand, to oppose with his utmost power any matter that seemed hurtful to its welfare. A fear of not succeeding in our good intentions to the State could be no excuse for our negligence in not attempting ir.

Lord North said, if gentlemen were so very anxious for having th s matter deferred to a future day, notwithstanding the immediate necessity there was for its speedily passing the House, yet he should defer the confederation of it ( as far

as his voice went ) till Friday next, provided that no business should be introduced on that day to prevent its meeting with that ample difeuffion whch gentlemen in opposition wished for, or if any debates should arise, which might flop - its being proceeded on till a late fyour, yet that gentlemen should not object to it on that accounr, as it was his intent it should be finally determined that day. If gentlemen on the other fide of the House understood perfectly what he meant, and would accede to it, he would not push the matter farther, but let it lie over to the time he mentioned.

Cofond After this conceilion Colonel Barre was satisfied, but n - lane. ther would have part of the ordnance business gone into that night; but Lord North acquainting him, that the defiga of Administration was to have Exchequer - bills entered upoo at that time, he acquiesced; and the motion for adjournment being withdrawn, the House went into a Committee of supply, and voted 1, 500, 0001. to pay off the Exchequer - bills last year.

A Petition from the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, was presented to thf House, " complaining of the present situation of afRtirs at home and abroad; and humbly requeuing that honour - " able House to adopt such roealures as its wisdom might " luggeft, for enabling his Majesty to put an end to the " unnatural, unfortunate, and expenfiye war in America,

M and

}; j '

Iqj ' J

I

W -

■ i

i

r

p

12 I

■ j

- i

•0

■ '. 1

A; i; « *. DEBATES 281

u and for producing a radical alteration in the management « of public affairs, by which alone the evils impending on « f them, and their posterity can be averted. " The fame

was ordered to lie on the table; and Sir George Yonge rofc and said, the Petition Was of so much importance, that he hoped a day would be set apart for taking it into the most serious consideration of the House '

January 29 *

After an election ballot, the House Went into a committee on the motion of Sir Grey Cooper, to consider of the propriety of granting the prayer of a petition from the mer chants of Liverpool, for a new bounty to ships employed in the Greenland fishery *

Sir Grey said, that a bounty of 40s per ton had been grant - li ed by a former act of Parliament, to all ships employed on Coop, r the Greenland fishery : this was done in the infancy of the fishery for the purpose of encouraging it; but by the same act, th is bounty was to be continued only for five years; at the end of which period it was to fink to 30 {Killings; and at the expiration of five years more it was to fall to 20s. per ton : the latter period had elapsed by the 6th of January, 1781a Since that time the merchants or Liverpool and Hull had presented a Memorial to the Treasury, ft a ting that the fish « ery had not so far succeeded, as that it could now be carried on with the reduced bounty, though Parliament had imagined when the act passed that it might. Therefore, in compliance with the reqpeft of the merchants, he would move ( and did ) that the bounty of 40s. per ton on all ships employed in the Greenland whale; ftflwy. be continued for a term of years to be limited. Tfe© ipotiop passed without of - position..,

Sir JofepbMawbey said, that as the naval inquiry was put sir Jofepfc

off toThurfday sevennight, he wished to adjourn the call of Mawbej. the House, which ( lood for pext Thursday to that day; when he ceruinly intended to have it strictly enforced.

Mr Rolle said, that it certainly was the duty of members Mr. JUll to attend to the business of Parliament, and a call of the House was a very proper thing, but he wished to fee it ensor ced without partiality; and yet he could not help saying, that members who lived at a great diffance from the capital, were obliged to come to town, while many of those who live near towp, though ahfentees from their duty, were not treated as if they had neglected it.

2 2 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1712.

Mr. Byfig. Mr. Byng was angry at the insinuation, that partiality had been observed in the treatment of defaulters; he undernood, that every man in that House had come in under a trust; and as it was the duty of a trustee to attend to his trust, so he never had spared, and never would sparc any man,. who without a just cause, should be absent from nis forvice it, Parliament. Many letters had been sent to him by ( even ! gentleman, to apologize for them to the House but he had not done it, and would not do it. He wanted the attendance of the independent gentlemen; and he was determined, not only to do his duty himself; but also, as far as in him lay, to make others do theirs.

Mr Speaker The Speaker said, he had dated to the House, on the day of call, the excuses made to him by several gentlemen who had thought proper to write to him on the subject of their non - attendance : but he had done it almost in the language of their own letters, and without the lead partiality.

Sirjofeph Sir 7ofepb Mowbcy then moved, that the order for calling

Mawkcy. over the defaulters on Thursday next be discharged. The motion passed, and the House adjourned.

January 30,

Met and went to church, to hear divine service.

Janu31

Mr. Potter. Mr. Potter ( member for Colcheder ) said, that in compliance with the danding order of the House, he had sent down to Colcheder, to the friends of Commodore Affleck, who had ( igned the petitlotf to that House, against his ( Mr. Potter’s ) return for theitf bdrough, desiring that they would fend up the Commodore’s qualification before their petition should be referred to a committee. In compliance with his desire, the friends of Mr. Affleck had sent up a paper then on the table, which he desired the clerk might read.

The clerk read it accordingly; and from this paper it appeared that the petitioners presumed, or hoped, that the House of Commons would not rigidly infid; that Commodore Affleck’s qualification should indispensibly belaid before the House, previous to the ballot for a committee to try the merits of their petition; and the foundation of their hopes was, that the Commodore Was abroad on public service, and totally ignorant of his having been let up as a candidate for the borough of Colcheder; and coofeouently, that in such a case, it was absolutely impossible for him to lay his qualifi - 1 cation

A. 1782.

DEBATES,

383

cation before the House within the time specified by order of the House; fb the House, in consequence of this impof - fibiiitv, would not necessarily infill that the qualification ( houla, in this instance, be laid before the House. The paper concluded with a recital of the names of some estates which they knew to be in the possession of Mr. Affleck, in the borough of Colchester : but the whole did not amount to 300I. a year.

Mr. Pottter observed, when the Clerk had done reading, Mr. Pott « v

that he was still at a loss how to not knowing whether in law, the prod u£t ion of the qualification could be dispensed with; and he wished that the House would instruct him what to do; for in one case he should be obliged to bring three hundred witnesses to attend the committee; while if he was to defend himself against the charge of bribery only, he would not bring up a ( ingle witness.

The Speaker requested, that the House would recollect, MrSpuker. that by Mr. Grenville’s act, they had entirely given up to specisu committees all its judicial powers concerning con - tested elections; and he hoped the House would fee at once the impropriety of interfering, or pronouncing any opinion, that might fend the petition in question, or any other, with the ( mailed degree of a bias to a committee; and as the honourable member had not made any motion on the subject, he traded the House would remain completely ( ilent on that head; and suffer the petition to go fairly before the committee, the only tribunal competent, by law, to decide ultimately on every difficulty that may attend theconteft between the fitting member for Colchester, and the petitioners, elec tors of that borough.

The House acquiesced in Mr. Speaker’s opinion, and called out for the order of the day. There were two orders, one for calling over the House; the other for calling over the de -. faulters, who were absent on the first day of call.

Mr. Barrow moved, that the first should be adjourned to MrBarrow. Monday sevennight; arid ' gave notice at the same time, that he was determined to have it enforced. The motion passed without oppolit ion.

The second order, for calling over the defaulters was next read, and their appeared a delire in many members to divide the House on the motion made by Mr. Byng, that they be now called over; however, the point was given up; and their names were called. Several of the defaulters were ex -

Go a

cufed

7 *

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782.

there were members of this House belonging to that department, whose knowledge of the mode of conducing bub - nets would have certainly prevented them From falling inta the like error with the honourable gentleman.

Lordtforth. Lord North fa id, he lamented, as much as any man, the large amount of the eliimate now before the House, but tfct exigencies of our affairs required it; that it was very unaccountable to him, how the honourable Member on the of - poiite fide of the way could say that ministry wished to ak ;, gentlemen by surprise, and hurry this business through ihz House; every candid man muff confess the contrary; ibe accounts had been lying on the table for a week past, the House was well apprized of the purport of them, there was not a member that was not perfectly acquainted with thens. If the House was to alient to the honourable gentleman ' s proportion, the business of the nation would ever remain undone, for on like pretences it might be put off to eternity. It was the constant custom of this House, for all subje U concerning the expenditure of the public money to be dh - cufled on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays; and in conformity with this usage ( should the matter be now deferred ) it could not be debated on Friday next, being a holiday appointed by act of Parliament, no business could be trans - acted on it. [ Here there was a loud laugh from the other fide of the House, at a holiday by act of Parliament. ] Upon which his Lordship took occasion to observe, that the fact was so far so that it was a day set apart by die legislature foe religious observance, let gentlemen of certain principles ridicule it as they might; he then proceeded to observe, that Wednesday was appointed for the sinking of a committee for a contefhd election, the final settlement of which generally took up till pafl fix o ’ clock, so that one of the principal objc&ions the honourable gentleman had againffc going into this aifeir dow, the late hour of the day, would hold equally good on Friday, and of course it would be delayed till the Monday after. Gentlemen not aware of the great inoonvenience that would arise to government from such a measure, by deranging its plans for the welfare of the nation; the injury the fiate might tuffcj in conference of such a delay would be but poorly atoned for by this boasted maturity of inveffigation. He therefore wished the matter might then meet the decifioo of the

Mr. Burke said that he did not intend then speaking, had Mr. Burke. BOt noble Lord given him a cue. He has told the House

there

House,

A. 11 2 ?.

DEBATES;

there was not a Member who was not perfectly acquainted with the particulars of the estimates. He would ask his Lord - ship, had he that knowledge of this matter that he supposed was already so clear to the House ? If he had I shall propose a question or two to him. ( Upon which Lord North candidly coo felled that he had not examined the papers. ) From this Mr. Burke concluded that if his Lordship, who is generally acknowledged to be mod competent and accurate in money matters, confefied his not having looked iqto it, how could he pofflbly imagine the rest of the House had been mailers of the subject : he mentioned. In calling his eye over them, he perceived one charge for salt - petre, the enormity of which particularly struck him; the quantity charged for, hesaid, was sufficient to pickle the atroosphere from hence to the East Indies. He dwelt with a vast deal of humour on it; and then alluded to Lord North’s ' mentioning Friday next being a holiday, by Act of Parliament, by ob - serving his Lordship bad certainly in his eye at the time, another Act of Parliament for making a holiday; namely, the gya - powder treason plot, which this vast quantity of salt - petre could not have failed to have given rife to Hew eager are Ministers to expedite through this House all business relative to the expenditure of money; but when any in quiry is set on foot against them, how tardy, how many ob - ftaclea do. they throw in the way to stop its progress, or attempts to smother it in its birth ! The account was abfo - lotely, fcaodalous. It was one of those things which in mathematics arc called incommensurable it was impossible to rcduceit to any common standard it went to a point of extravagance beyond all rule; but it was to be judged of by proportion. So then, because 6oo, ocol. was the exnence of oae year; 8oo, ooool. the next; —900, 000 !. the next; —

1, 100, 00 1. the next;. and 1, 600, ooool. the present—it was moderatevin proportion; because we have been trying our ilreogth in lifting a bull every day since he was a calf; it is not now to be considered as any uncommon exertion of bodily power. The honourable gentleman having enriched this idea with some beautiful ( imilies and deductions, concluded with declaring that they could not with any regard to their obligations fufter this account to be voted without examination; and be must therefore vote for the motion of adjournment.

General Conway said, that great part of this motion was General oa the expenditure of fortifications from the Thames to Conway.

v Shetland;

aSo P ARLI AMENT All Y A. 1782.

Shetland; and for his part his mind was not capable to grasp lb great an undertaking, without the assistance and support of men of knowledge and ability, to form a proper opinion upon it; and % indeed his total dcfpa r of obtaining any benefit whatsoever to his country from such an inquiry, prevented his exertions on the occasion; however, as some honourable friends of his entertained hopes of it, he would endeavour at a future day to give them every assistance within the compass of his poor abilities.

Sir Georg Si r George To igeobserved, that it was the duty of every

Yo fee Member who fat in that House, to use his utmost exertions to promote every measure that tended to the benefit of the nation; and, on the other hand, to oppose with his uunoft power any matter that seemed hurtful to its welfare. A fear of not succceding in our good intentions to the State could be no excuse for our negligence in not attempting ir.

Lord Northsaid, if gentlemen were so very anxious for having tlvs matter deferred to a future day, notwithstanding the immediate necessity there was for its speedily passing, the House, yet he should defer the confederation of it ( a far as his voice went ) till Friday next, provided that no bufioefs iliould be introduced on that day to prevent its meeting with that ample difculfion whch gentlemen in opposition wished for, or if 3ny debates should arise which might flop - its being proceeded on till a late hour, yet that gentlemen should not ohjeft to it on that accounr, as it was his intent it should be finally determined that day. If gentlemen on the other fule of the House understood perfectly what be meant, and would accede to it, he would not push the matter farther, but let it lie over to the time he mentioned.

Cotocei After this conce/Tion Colonel Barre was satisfied, but ra Bone. ther would have part of the ordnance bnfiness gone into that night; but Lord North acquainting him, that the design of Administration was to have Exchequer - bills entered upoo at that time, he acquiesced; and the motion for adjournment being withdrawn, the House went into a Committee of supply, and voted 1, 500, 000 !. to pay off the Exchequer - bills last year.

A Petition from the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, was presented to tbf House, " complaining of the present situation of affairs at " home and abroad; and humbly requeuing that honour - " able House to adopt such measures as its wisdom might < c foggeft, for enabling his Majesty to put an endtotht " unnatural, unfortunate, and expensive war in America,

" and

28t

A; 1782. DEBATES.

u and for producing a radical alteration in the management « of public affairs, by which alone the evils impending on « ? them, and their posterity can be averted. " The fame was ordered to lie on the table; and Sir George Yonge rose and said, the Petition was of so much importance, that he hoped a day would be set apart for taking it into the raoft serious confederation of the Housei \

January 2$ *

After an election ballot, the House Went into a committee on the motion of Sir Grey Cooper, to consider of the propriety of granting the prayer of a petition from the mer - chants of Liverpool, for a new bounty to ships employed in the Greenland fishery *

Sir Grey said, that a bounty of 40s per ton had been grant - firOrey ed by a former act of Parliament, to all ships employed on Coopcf the Greenland fishery : this was done in the infancy of the fishery for the purpose of encouraging it; but by the same act, this bounty was to be continued only for five years; at the end of which period it was to jink to 30 shillings; and at the expiration of five years more it was to fall to 20s. per ton : the latter period had elapfedby the 6th of January, 1781 *

Since that time the merchants or Liverpool and Hull had presented a Memorial to thcTreasury, flating that the fishery had not so far succeededias that it could now be carried on with the reduced bounty, though Parliament had imagined when the act passed that it might. Therefore, in compliance with the reqqefl of the merchants, he would move ( and did ) that the bounty of 40s. per ton on all ships employed in the Greenland whale,; ftfliery - be continued for a term of years to be limited. Tb® motion patted without of - position. M

Sir Joseph Mawbey said, that as the naval inquiry was put gjr j0r « Ph off toThurfday sevennight, he wished to adjourn the call of Mawbey. the House, which flood for next Thursday to that day; when he ceruinly intended to have it flri&ly enforced.

Mr Rolle said,. that it certainly was the duty of members Mr, IUll to attend to the business of Parliament, and a call of the House was a very proper thing, but he wished to fee it enforced without partiality; and yet he could not help saying, that members who lived at a great distance from the capital, were obliged to come to town, while many of those who live near towp, though absentees from their duty, were not treated as if they had neglected it.

2 2 PARLIAMENTARY A. ijlj.

Mr By |. Mr. was anS17 at insinuation, that partialitj had r 7 been observed in the treatment of defaulters; he undemood, that every man in that House had come in under a trust; and as it was the duty of a trustee to attend to his trust, so he never had spared, and never wotild spare any man,. wh without a just cause, ( bould be absent from his ( mice is, Parliament. Many letters had been sent to him by ferera ! gentleman, to apologize for them to the House but he had not done it, and would not do it. He wanted the attendance of the independent gentlemen; and he was determined, not only to do his duty himself; but also, as far as in him lay, to make others do theirs.

Mr Speaker The Speaker said, he had stated to the House, on the day of call, the excuses made to him by several gentlemen who had thought proper to write to him on the Tubjeft of their non - attendance : but he had done it almost in the language of their own letters, and without the ltaft partiality.

Sirjofeph Sir Joseph Mawbey then moved, that the order for calling

Mawtcy. over the defaulters on Thursday next be discharged. The motion passed, and the House adjourned *

January 30,

Met and went to church, to hear divine service.

J31.

Mr. Potter. Mr. Potter ( member for Cokhefter ) said, that in compliance with the Handing order of the House, he had fern down to Cokhefter, to the friends of Commodore Affleck, who had ( igned the petitiorf to that House, against his ( Mr. Potter’s ) return for theitf bdrough, desiring that they would fend up the Commodore’s qualification before their petition should be referred to a committee. In compliance with Ids desire, the friends of Mr. ' Affleck had sent up a paper then on the tabk, which he desired the clerk might read.

The clerk read it accordingly; and from this paper it appeared that the petitioners presumed, or hoped, that the House of Commons would not rigidly insist, that Commodore Affleck’s qualification should indispensiWy be laid before the House, previous to the ballot for a committee to try the merits of their petition; and the foundation of their bopri was, that the Commodoretfras abroad on public service, and totally ignorant of his having beenfet up as a candidate for the borough of Cokhefter; and coofeouently, that in such a case, it was absolutely impossible for him to lay his qualifi - 1 cation

A. 1782. DEBATES. 283

cation before the House within the time specified by order of the House; so the House, in consequence of this impof - fibility, would not necessarily infill that the qualification should, in this instance, be laid before the House. The pa per concluded with a recital of the names of some estates which they knew to be in the possession of Mr. Affleck, in the borough of Colchester : but the whole did not amount to 300U a yc r.

Mr. Pottter observed, when the Clerk had done reading, Mr. Pottuy that he was still at a loss how to act; not knowing whether in law, the production of the qualification could be dispensed with; and he wished that the House would instruct him what to do; for in one case he should be obliged to bring three hundred witnesses to attend the committee; while if he was to defend himself against the charge of bribery only, he would not bring up a single witness.

The Speaker requested, that the House would recollect, MrSpukcr. that by Mr. Grenville’s aft, they had entirely given up to special committees all its judicial powers concerning con tested elections; and he hoped the House would fee at once the impropriety of interfering, or pronouncing any opinion, that might fend the petition in question, or any other, with the smallest degree of a bias to a committee; and as the honourable member had not made any motion on the subject, he trusted the House would remain completely silent on that head; and suffer the petition to go fairly before the committee, the only tribunal competent, by law, to decide ultimately on every difficulty that may attend thecouteft between the fitting member for Colchester, and the petitioners, elec tors of that borough.

The House acquiesced in Mr. Speaker’s opinion, and called out for the order of the day. There were two orders, one for calling over the House; the other for calling over the de -, faulters, who were absent on the first day of call.

Mr. Barrow moved, that the first should be adjourned to MrBarro *.

Monday sevennight; arid ' gave notice at the same time, that he was determined t qhave it enforced. The motion passed without opposition.

The second order, for calling over the defaulters was next read, and their appeared a desire in many members to divide the House on the motion made by Mr. Byng, that they be now called over; however, the point was given up; and their names were called. Several of the defaulters were ex -

Go a cufed

284

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782,

cufed in consequence of letters produced by some of their friends, from the parties, in which they complained of indif - position. The Hon Mr. Montague did not answer to his naine; but he was excused, because several members said, ' they had seen him a few minntes before in the lobby. But Mr. JollifFe, member for Petersfield, did not experience so much indulgence,

Jfd. Sumy. Lord Surrey moved, that William JollifFe, esquire, be or dered to attend io his place to - morrow j which after some short debate w s ordered.

February T,

A motion was made and agreed to, for a copy of the ia Bructions given to, Vice Admiral Darby, previous to his failing in September last, together with such other orders as might h ve been sent to him during his cruize, This was one of the motions made by Mr. Fox on a former occasion, and withdrawn at the request of Lord Mulgrave, until his ' Lordship could have time to search the Admiralty books, to fee if they contained any thing improper to be laid before the public.

( 4 Mahon. Lord Mahon moved, that there be laid before the House an account of the expence attending the coining of gold with an alloy of tin. —That a committee be appointed to in quire into the present Bate of the gold coin; that the committee should have power to examine witnesses, and fend for papers, records, &c, —And that an humble address he presented to his Majesty, th t he would be pleased to give orders to the officers of the Mint, to make such experiments as the committee should from time to time propose to them. These several motions passed without opposition.

The order of the day for going into a committee of supply was now called for, and the Speaker having left the chair, and Mr. Ord taken that of the committee,

Mr. Ken - Mr. Kenrick rose to open the Ordnance budget for the current year. He began by apologizing for his want of ability, and his want of experience in Bating to the House, for the firB time since he had been honoured with a feat at the Board, the particulars of the Ordnance estimates. He then proceeded to Bate the necessity of voting a supply for that department of the public fcryice; it was not now, he said, the auefbon whether the American war should be prosecuted or relinquished : the question was, whether or notour armies and fleets should fight without powder, for we had voted - the

le

A. 1782. D E B A, T E S.

seamen; we had voted the army; and it was absolutely necessary that they should have ammunition and artillery. After this preface, he entered into the detail of the edimates, which in the gross amounted to 1, 644, 2421. From diffidence and timidity at the outset of a business of so much novelty to him, Mr. ILenrick appeared at fird so embarrassed, that he spoke very low; so very low indeed, that

Colonel Barre found it necessary to reaued that he would col. B « re. speak louder, or that it would be in vain for him to proceed, as those gentlemen who fat on the other fide of the House could scarcely hear a fyliable that fell from him : at the same time he apologized to him for addressing him in that manner.

He knew that the honourable gentleman was but young in his office, and that being but a young member of that House. there was great indulgence to be given; but there were other gentlemen older members of die Board, and who were in the habits of speaking in that House. He was far from thinking that it was any merit in a gentleman to have a loud voice, it was a merit of mere lungs; but in this indance it would certainly facilitate the bufioefs if some member of the Board would give the necessary explanations in a louder voice.

Mr. Kenrick again lamented the unfortunate predicament in which he flood, and to which indeed he had been forced by nc the illness of an old and moil valuable member of the Board; but he would do his befl, and hoped the committee would excuse the defects of power, and accept his earned endeavours to satisfy every inquiry. He then proceeded to enumerate the various services, a long and dry detail of expence in fortifications, garrisons, and all the extensive branches of the Ordnance department.

Colonel Barre informed the honourable gentleman, that c « l. Barre. it was usual for the members of the Board, in giving an account of the edimates, to go fird into a general explanation of the causes of the differences that appeared in the edimates, whatever they might be; and having spoken to these points, they fat down to give the Committee an opportunity to ask them quedions, which they were, or ought to be prepared to answer. He mentioned this merely for the information of the honourable gentleman; and truding that he would adopt this mode, he would point out to him what he particularly wished he would explain. There were three prominent features in the ediraate, which were more quedionable than all the red of the articles; these were, the charge for salt - petre, the charge for transports, and the charge for fortifications, on vphich he dedred him chiefly to speak.

Mr.

86

Mr. Ken - nek.

Mr. Byng,

Mr. Ken - rick.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

Mr. Kenrickfpokc particularly to the first of these three

heads. The committee knew that the Ead - India company, by their charter, were bound to furnish the public with Eve hundred tons of saltpetre, at 45I. a ton in time of peace, and 53I. in time of war. In the estimates before the committee, there were three charges for saltpetre at three different prices; there was one article for a quantity which had been delivered to the Ordnance at the charter - price, as the quantity for which they were bound; but as the neceihties of the date required more considerably than the quantity which they were bound to provide, the Board procured from the Company a quantity in the year 1781, amounting, as in the estimates, to 3100 tons. Part of this was charged at 53I. the charter - price; part at 73I. ros. which was the neat prune cod to die Company itself, including the expence of freight, insurance, and intered; and part of this quantity was charged at 1181. 1 os. which was the lad sale - price of the Company. This difference was occasioned by the circumdance that more was wanted than the Company were bound by charter to furnish, as he had said; and having given a quantity in anticipation, up as far as the year 1787, it remained to be settled how the extra charges were to be adjuded. He could only say, that the quantity in the edimate was not all received in 1781, but had been accumulating through the war, and in that year amounted to 3100 tons more than they were bound to furnish. Still wanting more saltpetre they applied to the Company for it; when the answer given was, that they would not give it unless the Board would give the market price; not the price which saltpetre bore at their own sales, but what it bore at the merchant’s market at Garraway’s coffee - house, where the price at that time was up at 1521. per ton. This demand the Board did not think proper to comply with; and it was therefore to pay the Company what was due to them for these 3100 tons that the Board now applied to Parliament.

Mr. Byng asked Mr. Kenrick, if there was not, beddc all this immense quantity of saltpetre, received from the Ead - India company, another quantity bought lately at a private market

Mr. kenrick said it was true. A quantity had been procured from Odend, and also a small quantity from Portugal. The committee would fee that there was a necessity for procuring more saltpetre than the Ead - India company were bound by charter to furnish : and, in the month of December lad,

the

2$7

A. 178a. DEBATES.

the Company having informed the Board that they could not furnish any more, they made a contract with a gentleman who was a member of that House; if it was not irregular hie would name him—it was Mr. Townfon; they made a con tralfc with him for 400 tons, which was lying at Ostend, at the sum of 118I. a ton, which was the sale price of the East - India Company, and considerably under the merchant’s price in the market. In doing this he trailed the Board had consulted the prosperity of the state, in providing by this resource for the exigencies of the Service. They had also on the fame principle procured a Small quantity from a. Portuguese lb ip in the river, at 115I. a ton, by a contract with Mr. Thaller.

Mr m Byjig asked if Mr. Townfon was to give no more than r, Bynf. 118I. per ton; and if any inquiry had been directed by the Board to be made, of the market price of Saltpetre at Ostend, at the time of the contrail

Mr. Kenrtckreplied, that there was be ah allowance Mr. Ken -

made to Mr. Townfon of about two per cent, and no more, rick for the freight from Ostend. ’ ‘ He very fairly confessed, that no inquiry had been made ' previous to the contract, of the price of saltpetre at Ostend, and for one very substantial, reason, because ho one imagined that there was any Such commodity in a place where there was no East - India Company : nor did he fee, that it would have been politic in the Board to make any inquiry about it at Ostend, if they had even kno yn there had been saltpetre there; because die moment it Should be known at Ostend that the Board of Ordnance of England wanted saltpetre, the market would have been that moment raised. The only markets as they believed were the East - India Company here, and the body of the London merchant who bought from the East - India Company. By their prices they regulated the bargain; and the price of the East - India Company at their last Sale was 118I. tios. per ton, the price in the merchants market was about 152L per ton. They thought therefore that they coulci not be Wrorig in making a contrail at it81. per tori with Mr. Townfon ’; to this however mud be added the price 6f freight, which was about ulm more, so that it might amount to about 120I. per ton.

Mr. Byng said, that in the price which the Board gave for Mr. Byng. Saltpetre in England, the duty paid to Government was included. He wanted to know, if, in the contrail with Mr ., ' Townfon, the ’ Ostend saltpetre was not to be discharged of the duty}

Mr.

288

Mr. K. en mk.

Mr. Byng.

Mr. Huffey

PARLIAMENTARY A. if8 4,

Mr. Kenrick could not answer the question, for he really knew nothing of the matter; but he would make an inquiry and satisfy the honourable member, when the report should be brought from the Committee to the House.

Mr. nyng urged the question, and said, that he was then to understand that the Board of Ordnance had made no inquiries concerning the price; but without knowing or fcera - inc to care whether it was greater or less in the market of Ostend, they had blindly entered into a contract with a fin - gle Director of the East - India Company, and a member of Parliament, for a large quantity of saltpetre, at al. per ton more than they gave to the great and valuable Company, ‘which in their necelfitie ' s had advanced them, in anticipation, not less than the quantity which {hey were to furnish for six years from henqe. This he was given to understand from the honourable gentleman. Now he had pretty good information, that the market price in Ostend when this bargain tookjdace, was not more than 4 ]. 16$. per cwt. for the very best ( alt petre, and for an inferior quality was only 3I. 10s. whereas the price paid to Mr. Townfon, in this contract, w as exactly 61. per cwt. This was one specimen of the conduct, vigilance, and ( Economy of this Board.

Mr, ' HuJJty exposed the behaviour of the Board in a glaring point of view, with respect to the East - India Company. They have been, for some years pad, in the habit of procuring from that Company large quantities of saltpetre by anticipation, without paying them for it, and have even demanded to have it at the charter war price of 53I. a ton, which was confidently less than it cost the Company themselves : for the honourable gentleman had confessed that it cost them 73I. 10s. a ton, and yet flow they come and make a bargain with a private individual, a member of Parliament, to give him 120I. and they come to Parliament for the money before the salt petre is delivered. This is the manner in which they treat the Company wrho have been so attentive to the public interest as to advance, by anticipation, salt - petre for six years to come. He called upon the members of the Board of Ordnance to say whether they had declared, that they could furnish the Board with no more saltpetre ? Hr was given to understand that the case was, they had not been able to procure money from the Board; and had said, that without money, in their present exigency, they could not provide the public with more in advance.

I should

l

A. 1782. DEBATES. 289

I should be glad to be, informed, said the honourable gen *

•tleman, how the vast emergency of our state requires, what I cannot not help considering, a very fundamental breach of that excellent law which had been enacted by the providence of our ancestors for the safety of the {late. Why was his new - fangled prudence of anticipation entered upon ? Our progenitors had, with great wisdom, llipulated with the India Company, that, in consideration of the great emoluments of their charter, they should supply government with 500 tons of saltpetre annually, because they wiftied to provide against the mofl common casualty of all Hates—the event of war; but what has the wisdom of the present day substitu - ted in the Head of this} why truly we have mortgaged the tftate handed down to us, and where we ought to bear sway, we are commanded. What, let me aik the Board of Ordnance, what claim have we now upon the East - India Company } Are we not at their discretion ? but I shall be answered, no; government has the company in its power. The Board of Ordnance must be supplied with saltpetre, or the next charter shall be pickled with a vengeance : and thus the terrors of power are held over an industrious set of men to rob them of their property. Abandoned effrontery

Ihameless pilfering 1—The honourable gentleman seems to wonder at the phrase—but is it not just ? I speak in the language of Parliament, and I repeat that it is just government depends on its power over the Company for a supply at their own price, let that price be ever so inequitable, bhame on such proceedings 1 It is the conduct neither of honest men nor of politicians.

Mr. Strachy said, the Company were not so very hardly Mr. Stracty dealt by as the last honourable gentleman seemed to apprehend they were, for that in all their bargains with government, whether under their charter, or otherwise minute investigation would shew, that if there was any balance it point of bargain, it was in favour of the East - India Compa - ny, and against government. In the first place the former had a monopoly of saltpetre, and surely the lead they ought to retribute for so. extensive a grant, mixed as it was with monopolies more valuable, which they possessed under their charter, was 500 tons of saltpetre, ( not a fifth of the importation of that single article annually ) without any emolument to arise from that stipulated quantity; and if an anticipation be required of their annual stipulation—ought it to be urged as a hardship upon them, when they charge not on -

von. y. Pp iy

by

96

PARLIAMENTARY A. vjh.

ly the charter price, but also the freightage, and other incidental charges, together with interest for the advance of it in proportion to the anticipation of its quantity, and the length of time encroached on.

In the proportions which they had given in, they had offered to oive the public what they had sent in up to 1781, at the charter price; what they had sent in, in advance, from that time up to 1783, which was the period of their old charter, at 73I. 10s. the prime cost; and what they had lent in, jn advance, beyond that time, up to 1787, at the f ie price 6f 11 si. 10s. but without interest. These were their proportions, and they intimated, that without these we e agreed to, they cou ! d not fuinish more. It was on account of those proportions being made, that the contract was concluded with Mr. Townlon.

Gen. Smith General Smith lamented that none of the East - India Di *

rectors were present to give the Committee an account of the matter. He could only say from his own knowledge, that the Company had fufFered much from their frien llnp to go vernment, in having given so much saltpetre in advance without having received either a proper price, or any payment; and that on the face of their transactions it evidently appeared, that they had exercised a high hand over the Company, which, in the case of the private contractor, they bad not assumed. « - He knew that the Company could give the public all that they wanted, provided they met with fair and equal encouragement.

Mr. Kenritk mentioned the refra&ioa ( to use a technical phrase ) which the India Company had on their fide in their bargains with government, as a reason why gentlemen should not grant so very freely their commiseration to objects that in sass needed none. And this particular only was at lend oh per cent, in favour of the East - India Company—a circum - stance which at a proper time, when the re virion of the East - India affairs was in due order before the House, he trusted, would receive requisite attention and redress. If monopolies were to be at all countenanced, they ought surely to be in - tirely vested in the government, when the object was tht public welfare; and in no one instance surely was this mat ter so obviously for the advantage of the common l ' afety as in the article of saltpetre then under confident tion.

Mr Burke said, that by a variety of matter in detail, by no means satisfactory, urged by the gentlemen who had fpo - ken in favour of the measures of the Ordnance Board, the

particular

Mr. Ken -

rick *

Mr. Burke.

le

A. ! ? DEBATES. $t

particular article now tinder confederation, had ctonds instead of funflitne thrown upon it; he would, therefore, to draw the attention of the House within as small a point of view at pofltble, and to prevent the vagaries of illuuve sophistry, request, that as men of business, fotne of the gentlemen oil the other lide of the House, instead of huddling together gross fucns, in a very gross way, would be pleased to difcri - minate, and tell the House, not generally, that some part of the charge for ( altpetre was according to the charter price, another part was under the first cost price, and again a third part waa under the market price. But that they would tell us specifically what quantity was to be paid for at the first price, and when such quantity was delivered; and soon respecting the rest of the denominated prices. It was by this means only they could come at the prudence or the imprudence of taeif conduit in bargaining for the public is the present instance.

Mr. Stracby rose in reply to Mr. Burke, but his aAfwers Mr. Strachy aot appearing perfectly satisfactory to Sir George S&vile, he expressed a deiire to render still more clear and pointed than had yet been done, the idea of the improvident conduit Of the Board of Ordnance, respecting their management of the Eafb - India Company in the article of saltpetre, by re questing to know at what time, after all this hopeful work of anticipation ( which had been so much talked of ) govern meat would have a right to call on the Company again for the annual quota of 500 tons. This request called up

Lord North who began with stating the contrail of the East LordNgrtfi. India Company to furnish government with 500 tons of salt petre annually, in consequence of the charter granted to them by the Crown. This contrail, said his Lordship, is at the rate of 45L per ton, in the time of peace, antfejh per ton in time of war. Down to the commencement of the French war, government is not charged by the Company, for this article more than according to the charter peace. rice.

From that time to 1781, they are charged the war price.

From the year 1781 to the year 1787 inclusive, there arc eight years, three of which we may properly call years by anticipation $ years for which the Company have now in X whole lump fumished us with what, by their Charter, they Would be compelled to do only at the rate of cOO tons an nnally. From 1783 to 1788, the supply they hate given tlS cannot so properly be said to be granted in anticipation of an obligation to be performed, as in a wife assistance to the government

9 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178$.

government that prote£l their intereds, which government however is answerable to them for an equitable return for this lad exertion towards the public service; which, considering the Company in a private capacity, they certainly were not obliged to Now, upon this fair statement of the case, continued his Lordship, let us fee how the account actually ( lands between the public and the Company. Down to the year 1781, it is evident the Company have done no more than they ought to do. They have fulfilled the terms of their charter. From thence to 1783 ' they are in anticipation, which may be ( filed a fort of favour. Be it so; bat do not the public pay for that ? the war price under the Company’s charter is 5 31, per ton; and for these lad three years which I have now mentioned, they charge 73I. per ton; so here is 20I. per cent, for anticipation; for the prompt delivery of the whole of a three years supply, instead of a gradual one of a third annually. Surely the Ead - India Company cannot be said to be pilfered on this head ? let us now proceed to account for the lad four years of the delivery. Although at fird the Company had furnished salt - petre for this period, as they had usually done in the manner that hi already gotten the name of anticipation; they have since that period sent in a demand of a different description to the ordnance, and to desire the market - price for the lad four years, that is to say, a sum of 1181. per ton. And in truth I conceive their claim to have a very equitable foundation; for as their charter will expire in the year 1783, and as they are at present at a loss to, know what may he then the terms of a fresh agreement writh government; whether such agreement will be for the stipulation of 500 tons, as usual or not, I declare I think them right in at lead bringing themselves home ( as the market phrase is ) for what they could now dispose of their commodity to any other bidder. From what 1 have now advanced, added his Lordship, I flatter myself no doubt will remain in the bread of any impartial man who hears me, that the Ead - India Company have been hardly dealt by, or that the Board of Ordnance have made bargains writh less providence than the nature of circumstances would admit of.

C#l. Barrf. Colonel Barre observed, that from the several e dim arcs delivered into Parliament, there did not appear charged in any one of them from the year 1776 to 1780, more than for two hundred tons of salt - pctre in each year, though by their charter, the Company are obliged to supply Government

93

A. 1782. DEBATES.

ment every year with five hundred tons. An honourable gentleman, it is true, has told you the five hundred tons has been constantly received; but what evidence have you of that ? there is no such account in the estimates. If it is really the case, 1 would alk the honourable gentleman what has become of the remaining three hundred tons ? for at prefect the matter is quite mysterious—we are totally in the dark. So intricate are the estimates now lying on the tabic, from the general manner in which they are flated, that it is totally impossible to form that judgment requisite in a matter of such serious consequence to the nation. Every article ought to be flated in the clearest and moll diflin& manner, and every light it was possible to throw on the subject should have been given by office. On the contrary, they have thrown every obstacle in the way of investigation, by tendering the accounts as confused and complicated as it was in the nature of things to admit. For these reasons he should, when the Chair was resumed, move to have theefli - mates sent back, in order that the several particulars of them might be set forth with precision and clcarness, which alone can enable the House to form any just idea of them. He then adverted to the inattention Gentlemen in office have shewn to the interest of the slate, the fatal effects of which we experienced in the West Indies in an engagement Admiral Barrington had with the enemy; our powder in that engagement was found to be of very bad quality, and by far inferior to the enemy ’ s. — This was a fact well known, and what the Admiral himself had wrote an account of to Government.

On this Mr. Kenrick rofc, to wipe away those aspersions Mr. Ken - the honourable gentleman would throw on the Board of rick. Ordnance; he said there was always a certain standard for the powder to be of, before it was allowed to be fit for service, and that it has been the general custom to have it above the standard, so that this being the case, there ought not any blame whatever to be imputed to the Board. He said that powder, though originally the very bed, yet after a long voyage and variety of climates, it might be materially injured, for there was no opportunity of airing it on hoard, as it would be attended with infinite danger to attempt it; and that airing it was the only remedy to prevent those > 11 effects happening to powder, from the circumstances he had mentioned before. He then replied to the question put to him by the honourable gentleman, if Government

had

f94 PARLIAMENTARY A. i7Si#

had received every year the 500 tons the Company were obliged to deliver them, what became of the remaining 300 tons, not charged in the estimates ? he said that those emanates before the House, being entirely for the land fervict; there was nothing charged in them that was not particularly applied to that service, and that therefore the 500 tons, aot Hated in the account were always applied for the use of the navy, and that was the cause of its not being placed under the present head; and this had been the method in which the business had been traafa&ed for years.

CoUBvre. Colonel Barreexpreifed his astonishment at what the honourable gentleman had said; nor could he in any manner reconcile so great a disproportion between the land a navy service in the article of powder; had we not several sieges carrying on, and vast armies in the field, which xnnH occasion a greater consumption of it than what the navy can pot sibly do. He said, the honourable gentleman was young in office; yet, from the information he had in several points given the House, he was confident, to have gained the of facial knowledge he had, he mud have exertod himfirlf very much, and on that account was highly praise - worthy. However, to give him a further iniight into the arcana of that Board, he would refer him to the resolutions of a Committee of that House; from them he would find that the Ordnance Board had frequently given fifteen, twenty, thirty, nay forty pounds more than the value, for what they have purchased.

Mr. Pour. Mr. Courtenay said, he heard gentlemen to - night lay mock

n y dress on the inattention and mismanagement of the Ordnance Office, to which he could say nothing; but the Mader - General, who now presides at that Board, was a man of great experience—had filled many high departments with the drifted honour and integrity—and had, in his prefer office, fhevved the greatest zeal, and moil unwearied attention, to every matter that might tend to the welfare of the nation. He knew it was reported, that the powder at Gibraltar was so weak in its quality; it could not reach the enemy’s lines, while theirs did the greatest execution. He knew sdfo it was a mod malicious and groundless charge, as would appear mod clearly, if he might have the liberty of reading the letter he held in his hand, and which was wrote in consequence of directions from the Master - General of the Ordnance to have the matter inquired into. — The gentleman the letter came from was Captain Elliot, a mod gallant officer,

and

A. 178a *

DEBATES.

m

and whose honour and integrity were uaqucftipnable, Ho then read it, and it stated that the Governor of Gibraltar had made several trials between the Spanish powder, taken put of the ships captured by Admiral Rodney, and the Eng lish powder he had in the garrifop, and that the latter had 1 been found to be much stronger than the former : this the Governor informed him. However, he added that he himself bad bepo present at two or three experiments, which al so agreed with the information he had received from th Governor. This circumstance, he said, ought to make gentlemen more cautious how they wantonly criminated peribps in office, without a proper foundation for so doing,

Mr. Burk$ said, he knew when his honourable friend Mr. Berks mentioned the affair of the powder in the West - Indies in a parenthesis, the other fide of the House would instantly feizq it as a fair opportunity to divert the House from the point in question. They wished by any means to get rid of a matter they cannot possibly support. What with theif powder and their smoak, and their encomiums on officer who ruay, or may not deserve them, they are endeavouring to draw our attention tp matters entirely foreign to the present debate. I mutt therefore remind the Hpuie of a que£ tion which was put to Gentlemen in office, to which they have never given any satisfactory answer, I shall now add ref myself to the noble Lord in the Blue Ribband, and must ip fist 00 his giving that information to the House which has bern hitherto denied; I mean respc£ting the three hundred ton of lait - petre, which has never been stated in any of the efti *. mates. This is a particular that must be fully explained, and which explanation 1 expert from the noble Lord. Here ho flopped in expc&ation of his rising, upon which Lord \ortf ? immediately got up, and answered the honour LordNanh able gentleman’s question. He said, the joo tons heing applied to the use of the Navy rendered it impossible to be stated in the prffen ' account, as all charges made here were entirely for the land service - then say, gentlemen, we have uo account whatsoever of this article. — I answer, you have; but it is involved in the naval estimate, for in that there is charged four pounds a man per month, out of which four pounds every month, there are four fhfilings paid over to the Ordnance Board, the amount of which sum goes to the discharge of the debt incurred by the Navy in that article. His Lordship observed, he stated faffs as they appeared to blot, but a it vwa matter that did not imme -

9 ’ PARLIAMENTARY A - 17S2.

diately concern him, if he was mistaken in any point, he trusted the gentlemen behind him would set him right.

Ur. Burke. Mr. Burke rose again, and in the severest and most pointed language attacked the noble Lord for declaring it was a matter in which he was not immediately concerned, an affair that it was peculiarly his province to have made himself acquainted with, and to have closely examined. What ! ( fays he ) is it not the business of the First Lord of the Treasury to fee thac money matters of such consequence 25 these are, should be Hated fairly and justly, previous to their being brought before the House ? — - Was it not his business to have inquired into this transaction with the East India Company ! —Certainly it was; and I am convinced too, so important a transaction could never be done without his management and consent. In which case, I say, he hai cheated the public [ here was a loud cry for order ] he insisted he was not unparliamentary in what he said, for by making the Company supply Government with salt - petre, at fifty - three pounds a ton when they could get for the fame by public sale one hundred and eighteen pounds a ton, is taking from the Company, at least 60I. in every ton, which in the end rauft fall on the public, they will be the sufferers. The East India Company are at many and very heavy expeoces, and if they are deprived of the means of supporting them, the public mufl most sensibly feel the loss, and must certainly afford the Company that prote£Vion they have often done. For these reasons, I say it is a tax on the people, and a tax of a most grievous and heavy nature, nor do I think the Directors of the Company are less criminal than the noble Lord, for they have given up the interests of their constituents, and betrayed the trust reposed in them; they should hare consulted them before they had assented to a matter pregnant with so much mischief. I look on the East India Company to be one of the chief pillars of the nation; and therefore any thing that might in its consequences affect it, must most certainly affect the empire at large.

Mr. Adams. Mr. Adams rose to confirm what Lord North had said in

regard to the usage of the navy in the article of powder; he said the war before the Resolution, and ever finee that period, it had always been stated by itself, independent oi the Ordnance estimates; they had never been united in one account, being entirely distin£t matters. He traced the custotn and caufo of allotting four shillings from the pay of every teaman per month, to the furnishing of naval stores.

General

L.

A. 1782. DEBATES. 297

General Smith then read an account, which he laid, he Gen. Smith had received lince he spoke before, wherein was the particulars of the salt petre furnished by the East India Company to Government. As he thought there appeared a linking difference between this account and that presented by the Board of Ordnance, he thought it necessary to alk the attention of the House, while he read it. After it was read,

Mr. Strachey endeavoured to explain the difference, when

Mr. Hujfey arose, saying, that he thought both the gen - Mr. Huffey. tletnen wrong. Mr. Hufley then read an account which he had in his ' hand, from whence it appeared there was no real difference between the two accounts, except in form, and they severally Hated the treatment which the Company had received from the Board, in being put off from year to year in their accounts, while other creditors were regularly paid.

Mr. T. TovjJhntnd spoke in general and severe terms, on the enormity of the sum applied for by government in the own present estimate, from the Board of Ordinance.

Lord Geo. Cavendish asked some pertinent questions, rela - Lnrfi ? CM tive to the Hating of these estimates. Whether the salt - petre yca mentioned in them, was not used for both the army and navy

If it were, why was the salt - petre of former years excluded from the efli mates of the fame Board

Mr. Kenrick made a short reply, which not being satis - Mr. K « n - faflory to the oppositefideof the House, r, ck *

Colonel Barrecharged them also with Blameful misconduct Col. Bsn *

in the care of their debentures, so many of which were now abroad, that they bore an alarming discount. He said, he would also particularly call the attention of the House, ( and he would rifkhimself in doing so, for it was a moment for men to rilk themselves, ) to a matter dill more threatening than any other. There appeared charges in these estimates which now seemed calculated for our protection, but which might be directed as engines against us; the strong holds of tyranny, to lord it over the mangled constitution. To this he would particularly delire the attention of gentlemen.

After a good deal of farther question and answer, the gentlemen in oppolltion declared, that matter had come out which no honed man could possibly get over in his mind, and which called upon them to come to a lerious and full investigation of the management of this office, and therefore they moved, that the Chairman should leave the chair and report progress.

VpL. V. dq This

Col. Barre.

i

Mr Burke.

jSir Grey

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

This motion was ob}e&ed to by Lord North with all his strength, and they divided. Against the motion, 113; for the motion, 60. Majority 53.

The Committee then resumed the business, in which Mr, Kenrick Hated that part of the estimate which related to trail - ( ports and fortifications.

Colonel Barre objected to the necessity of ( ending transports with supplies to Gibralter, on account of the danger attend ing a contrary wind driving them into the Mediteranean, where they might be kept a considerablo time to our imminent danger. He then adverted to the fortifications, particularly those from the Thames to Shetland. The oe - ceflity, hefsaid, was occasioned by our creating a war with our best friends, the Dutch. In former wars, the enemy never dared to attempt that part of the empire. Now that place which furnished the metropolis and its vicinity with foci might be attacked, and successfully, by the enemy. This was an object of attention. For it had been furpnfed, and great damage had been done to several of tho mines, so that there was a necessity he allowed for even a fortification there. He was sorry for it. It was the only war in which they were found indifpcnfible. Our floating fortifications were formerly our strength. But flnee these fortifications were now become so necessary, he begged that gentleman in that office would be circumspect in their reparation and establishment. He did not mean to fetter the hands of necessity. Bnt bo was afraid thofeguns which now we raised on towers, might at a future time be pointed against : ourselves.

The question was then called for, and the lbpplics, estimater ] by the Board of Ordinance, were granted.

Mr. Burke then moved, that the House resolve, Thata debt had been incurred by the Board of Ordnance on the East - India Company, without any specification in their efti - niate, that tended to impose on the credulity of that House, " This resolution was rejected.

The House broke up at eleven o ’ clock, and adjourned to Monday.

February 4.

Sir Grey Coofccr moved, that the House should resolve it - self into a committee, to take into consideratfon the propriety of explaining and amending two acts of parliament, that hud j > afled in the 20th and 21ft years of his present Majesty ’ s

299

A. 178a. DEBATES.

ty’s reign; the amendment he wanted to make, was merely to remove a doubt that had been lately darted, relative to an expression in these alts; the purport of these acts, was to allow the captors of East - India goods, taken from the enemy, to sell the same in England, they paying the usual duties.

The doubt that had arisen in the conduction of these acts, was, whether tea, which came from Chinai, was to be reckoned among India goods, or not : in his own mind, he did not entertain a doubt upon the subject; but as there were many who did, he wished to have it explained away by a new aft, which should declare that tea was, in the intention of the legislatare, included under the general epression of India goods,. The motion passed; and in a committee, the proportion was agreed to.

Lord jMlulgrave produced several returns to orders of the Lord Mul - House, in consequence of Mr. Fox’s various motions, pre - &r4VC paratory to the inquiry into the administration of naval affairs : but he said, there were two orders to which the Admiralty had delayed to make returns; because the motions on which these orders had been made were so worded, that they admitted of two interpretations; according to one of which, the Admiralty had not the lead objection to make out the returns; but, according to the other interpretation, they had very drong objections, which they would, if necessary, be UQofe willing tofubmit to the judgement of the House. One of these orders related to the information that had been received of the date of the Dutch force in the Texel : this might be understood two ways—the information relative to that force, previous to the declaration of war with Holland; and the date of it at present. If the motion was to be confined to the former meaning, no objection lay to a compliance with the order. If, on the other hand, it took in the present date of the force in the Texel, there was a very drong objection to it, because it might affect the future operations of our fleets. The Admiralty were ready to comply with the wilshes of the honourable Member, who had made the several motions, in every thing that had only a retrospective view; but they could not with any regard to the duties of the office, consent to lay before the House intelligence of the present date and condition of the service, or lay open ihe. de - iigns of the date.

Another order for the instructions given to Sir Charles Hardy, to prevent the junction between the fleets of France

Q q 2 and

3co

Wr. Fox.

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1782.

and Spain, was liable to as strong an objectton : for at the timet which the motion on which the order of the House had been made, particularly pointed, the Spanish rescript had not been delivered in; and therefore he submitted to the House, how far it would be prudent or politic to infill on acompliance with their order. He did not want to delay inquiry, or to withhold any thing that could be deemed necessary to it; he only desired to consult the House, being at the same time ready to obey whatever order they, in their prudence, should make.

Mr. Iox laid, he would not press the business on the Admiralty, or infill on acompliance with the o derof the House; but at the same time he desired he might be understood not at all to give way to the objections made by the noble Lords he did not approve of them; and in his mind they ought not to be deemed of any weight. he readily passed over whatever related to the Texcl; but he mull condemn, in the Itrongeft terms, the conduct of administration in having omitted to give orders to Sir Charles Hardy, to prevent a junction between the French and Spanish fleets : httook it for granted, that no orders whatsoever had been given on that head to Sir Charles; because nothing even like an attempt to prevent a junction, was made by that officer; and as he had a right to suppose he would have been disgraced, if he had dilobeyed his orders, so on the other hand, he had as good a righ ' to presume that as he was not disgraccd, so he had not disobeyed orders : and, consequently that he had pot received any, because he never attempted to execute any to prevent a junction. He admitted that at the time t which he alluded, the Spanish rescript had not been delivered; but he infilled that this circumstance was no excuse to the First Lord of the Admiralty, for having omitted to fend orders to our Admiral, to make every effort t" prevent the junction : in his idea, if Spain and England had been apparently, on the very bell terms. Hill it would be repugnant to every principle of found policy in the latter, ever to suffer the former to join her fleets with those of France, if the jun£lion could by any means be prevented,

He threw opt these observations merely to assert his right to combat the objections made by the noble Lord, if the inquiry should be carried farther backihan the year 1781, and lie hoped it would : however, as at present, it was chiefly confined tp that year; and as the period alluded to by the mo - 4 ttpn,

30i

A. 1782.. DEBATES.

don, for a copy of the instrudions given to Sir Charles Hardy, was prior to that year, he was willing to give up the point to the Admiralty, for which the noble Lord appeared to contend; and therefore, he would not insist on a return to the two orders made by the House for those instructions, and the state of the Dutch force in the Texcl.

Mr. Burke said that he held in his hand a petition from Mr, n, Burke. Hohen, the Jew, whose misfortunes he described in a former debate; this was the Jew, whose coat was ripped; and from the lining of which, the small sum of money was taken, which he had endeavoured to secrete, when he and the other people of his nation were obliged to quit St. Euftatius, by, order of Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan. After me little conversation, Mr. Burke moved for leave to bring up the petition, which h£ obtained; and the petition was therefore brought up and read. It Rated that he was of the Hebrew nation, a native of Amsterdam; and that he had been a resident of St. - Euftatius, for twenty five years; that when that island had submitted to his Majesty’s government, he and all the others of his nation had been forced to quit the island, though no crime whatsoever had been proved against them; nay, though not so much as a charge of a crime had been made, unless it was, that after he had received orders to depart, it had been discovered that he had sewed up a few Mlings of his own money, in the lining of his coat; that afterwards he had been permitted to return to St. Euftatius, but it was only to see the whole of his stock in trade fold for one third of its value, and appropriated to the use of his Britannic Majesty; that he had got out of all his property one small bag of money, which was in his bureau, when he was banished from the island; and afterwards he obtained leave to come over to England, where he could expect red refs only from that House : because if he should be referred for his Temedy to the courts of law, it would be totally out of his power to avail himself of that remedy; and, stripped of his whole fortune, to contend with Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan, who by the very means that had put it out of his power to fee lawyers, had secured to themselves the means of withholding from him that property which he had been his whole life in acquiring. He therefore prayed for such relief as the House, in their wisdom should think proper to grant him.

The Secretary at iVar wished to know what was the specific Secretary

object the honourable member had in view } If he was ckfi - War -

rous

L

3

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178ft *

root to movefor a grant of public money for the petitioner, be would recoiled to what consequences such a meafett might lead; for if it fhookl once go forth into the world, that all those who might have causes of complaint against officers, shouki obtain pecuniary compensataon from that Houte, j there would be no end of applications. i

Hr. Badbe. Mr. Burke said he was desirous only that the petition Should go to a committee, in order to determine whether the allegations it contained were founded in truth, or not : If it ihooki be discovered that they were true, then undoubtedly he would wish to have Some compensation to the unfortunate iiiul The right honourable gentleman’s ohje&ion to the prefeot mode of application was truly curious. If, days he, ym were to redress all those who have cause of complaint against oirr officers, there will be no end to applications of this nature : or in other words so many are the flagrant acts of of - pression committed by our officers, that we should not find time to attend to all the applications for redress : a fine com -. pliment to our commanders truly ! How different was the 1 conduct of the French commanders. The Marquis de Eou - ille by his spirit and activity had wrested from us many of 1 our possessions; but he treated the conquered with tenderaefs and humanity : the fortune of war might wrest vt&ory from us, without disgracing us; or robbing os of our virtue, which was beyond the reach of fortune; but our command - 1 ers had robbed us of that which fortune could not have taken from us, they had robbed us of character; they had commit 1 ted acts which had robbed the nation of that high name which it was accustomed to bear in Europe for its liberality and justice; in arms the Marquis de Bouille had already ( tripped us of foine of our islands; it was to be feared that by his justice, his moderation, and his clemency, he would ( trip us of the few that remained : it was no disgrace to this 1 country, that St. Euftatius, with agarrifoaof ( even hundred men, should have been fed by three hundred : such things had often happened in war, and would undoubtedly happen again; but the honour and reputation of a country were not affected by such an event : at JSt Euftatius the commander might have been negligent, and ought perhaps to be punished for his negligence; but his negligence did not, d;. honour the nat ion; - it was when private property was ran - fruked, when innocent people were ( tripped of all they were worth, and banished from the island, that such a&sof barba -

nty

A, 2782 DEBATES.

rity would remain {lain upon the national honour, if the nation did not, by foine public declaration, express its abhorrence of them iwhat a disgraceful contrail did the cafptofe and re - capture of Sc. Euflatius hold forth to the world ? Two - Britrfh commanders plunder every unfortunate inhabitant of the 1 Hand. The Marquis de Bouille restores, as far as be

can, to every man. his property. The British officers strip the Dutch governor, and plunder even his lady, breaking open her cabinet, and taking from her every thing valuable found in it; and at the same time endeavour to justify or palliate the act, by hlailing her character, saying that lhc was an usurer; the French commander, on the other hand, restored, even to the negligent English governor all the property he claimed as his own; and did not iniifl on any other voucher, than his bare word. Here the character of England he said was at take; and he implored gentlemen, to have pity on their country, though they should have none on the poor Jew,

If in the fitting of the committee, it should be dil ' coveredr that the allegations in the petition were true, ministers, might make compensation to Mr. Hohen, without giving him any of the public money; they might give him a ftice of the loan 5 for it had been often said; that the profits made on a loan, were not from the public money, or they - might set him at croupe of some fat coo trader : these were means of redressing the grievances of which he complained without any application to the public treasury.

The honourable gentleman spoke for a considerabk time in a vein of wit and humour ;, speaking of the fall, and t he unfortunate Jew, who on his way from Jerusalem to Jericho, fell into the hands of robbers; he recommended the example of the good Samaritan; and thought that to follow it, would be the belt way to observe the fall; though the right honourable Member seemed to be of opinion, that if the House were to relieve all the unfortunate who should fall into the hands of robbers in power, the nation would ( oon be exhausted. He was ashamed that the public treasury should have been contaminated with the plunder of St. Euflatius; or that any part of it should have been confifGa - ted for the King’s use : the Jews would not have done so; they, would have nothing to do with the thirty pieces of money brought to their Sanhedrim by Judas Iscariot. He concluded by moving that the petition be referred to a committee.

The

304

Secretary at War.

Lord Mahon

Lord Beau champ.

T n n l 1 zr m i - lN FAR A « iySa *

The Secretary at War said, that whenever people had a mind to be charitable they should take care to make free only with their own money : but when they were going to vote away the money of their constituents, they should be careful upon what grounds they did it; for in that case there was neither charity nor generosity; because the money to be granted by gentlemen was not their own. This was the only reason he had for rising on the present occasion, but he had not a wish to oppose the motion for fending the petition to a committee.

It was suggested by Mr. Byng, that as Mr. Hohen was poor, the House might, if it be found that he should have redress in law, order the attorney and solicitor - general to carry on his suit for him gratis.

Lord Mahon was for the petition being brought up, and informed the House, that the petitioner had been so ill - treated, that the attorney - general should be ordered to prosecute, at the king’s expence, the plunderers who bad so shamefully robbed a respectable merchant, and put it out of his power of doing himself just ice. The motion then

passed.

Lord Beauchamp claimed attention to what he was going to say, more on account of the novelty and importance of the business he was about to explain to them, than from any personal consideration to him. He had in his hand, he said, a petition very unlike those which had been formerly hawked about the counties and cities; and to which, in order to swell the lift, names were subseyibed of persons who had never existed. The petition he was going to present was signed by great numbers indeed of men, respectable in their different lines and occupations in life, who had, unsolicited, set their hands to it. He complained then of the various hard - ships to which shopkeepers are subjected, by being kept long out of their money, and finding it very difficult to prove their debts in couts of law. It was the common rule with all retail dealers, to get three months credit from the whole - falc dealer; and if, at the end of that time, they could not pay, they gave notes bearing interest, until they should be able todischarge the principal : no#as they were, in many cases, for years out of their money, it was a hardship, that they should be obliged to pay interest themselves for this money, without being able to exact any for it; the consequence was, though the shopkeepers did not wish to have it known, that

they

297

A. 1782.. DEBATES !. '

they made their good customeis pay for those who did not pay at all.. He would not pretend, he said, in so complicated a matter to move any thing specific to the House 5 he would therefore only move, that the petition should lie upon the table, hoping that gentlemen more conversant in trade than he was, would turn their thoughts to the subject, and devise some means to grant such relief to the petitioners, as in their case might to them appear proper and expedient.

Mr. Fox rose to second the motion; he vouched for the Mr. Ft respe&ability of the signatures to the petition; many of the persons whose names were signed to it, he ha 1 he honour to represent \ but while he maintained the ref. u lability of this petition, he could not help speaking as respe&fully of those other petitions, of which the noble Lord had spoken so harshly. He concurred with the noble Lord in his wishes, that some gentlemen conversant in trade would take up the business, and bring it before the House in a proper form.

The petition was nrft read, and then ordered to lie upon the table.

Mr. Powttey rose to make a motion for leave to bring in Mr a - bill to prevent the vexatious removal of paupers.

Sir George Yonge said he Was not well inclined to the mo - Str George tion i he objected to the word vexatious \ and said that such Yonje. a bill as the honourable member was going to move for, would spread an alarm through the kingdom : at all events, he hoped he would withdraw it for the present, as there was some Other business of consequence to come before the House.

Mr. Powttey grew warm at the idea of his bill spreading an Mr Pownef alarm through the kingdom $ he wished that no ether alarms were to spread through the kingdom but such as should originate from him; he asked if Jews and Americans were to be continually the objects of our pity, while our own poor were passed over unnoticed ? their situation had always itruck him as well worthy the attention of the legislature; and he had often declared, that if he should ever be honoured with. a feat in Parliament, he should bring their situation before the House. A circumstance had happened but yesterday, which had furnished him with a fresh proof of the necellity of some such bill as he wished to propose : an overseer of thf poor had come to him, to make an order to remove two paupers, a man and his wife l he aiked the overseer for what

! Q. « reason

49 PARLIAMENTARY. A. ijlt.

reafoxt ? " Why, Sir, replied he, btcsufe a > diet lite sck better in our parish than they do any where die, wt fall feci be ottr - run with paupers. " Mr. Powney told him that bccaofe the poor lived wd4 there, that was a mfon why he should not remove the man and his wife. A s to the word vexatious though it was very dear it wa property put into tbs motion, if there was nothing dfe but the above case to prow it, yet he was ready to give it up; he was not an enemy to alterations whenever they should appear necessary, or to gbt way to the temper of the times and therefore ao gentlemen wiftied to go immediately into the business of the day, he would for the p refen t withhold his motion : but he coaid not help observing that he was ferry to ibid that in the Pfoufc of Commons, andfbill more particularly in the Hovfe of Lords, the old, dotirine prevailed too strongly—w Notumus Jnglidt miitsri"But prudence and found policy should make us on the contrary fay" Tempvra mutant ur9 et tonur

Qn the order of the day being called for receiving the re port of the Committee of Supply,

Srr P - J. Sir P. Ck ke arofc, and objected to its being received, cierfce. as there wcrc three particular heads in the ordnance estimate which had not been fairly inveitigated; those he said were the article of salt - petre, the transport service, and the sum for fortifications; the firiV of those articles appeared clearly to have a fraud m it, and the others had not been explain ed.

Mr. Httffcy Mr. Bogey Hated to the House, that the usual method of paying the tradesmen belonging to the ordnance office, was by debentures - 7 that these debentures, instead of bearing a premium ywere in such disrepute, that they were frequent Xj fold ' from, 25 to 28 per cent; discount, which undoubtedly mufbbe a great : lois < to the trader, and bra means of hit having an enormous price for his contract to enable him te wive such ere dm Some accounts he said, were paid in pact by imprefb - bsDs which bear only a discount of 3 per cent and the rest by debentures therefore, he wished to know whether the bills that were settled in that manner, were promifcuoos oiies, or whether they were only done for favourites.

Mr. X— Mr. Knack informed the honourable member, that the bills were all. paid alike, according to their several dates, without any. favour or afie&iou % that re ( peeing the bufmefi of threontraft for the salt - pttre, the ordnance bad incurred

a debt

v oosie

A 17 2 DEB A T E 3. 99

» debt to the India Company; and had been refused any more folt - petre, unless the former debt was paid, which it was not in their power to do; therefore they had applied elsewhere, and had accepted of Mr. Townfbn’s proposals.

Mr. J. Tawnflxndrequelled leave to say a few words re -

lative to the contrail made by the Board of ordnance with Mr. Townfon; he had authority, he foid, to aver, that the contrail had been made wholly without the knowledge of the mailer - general of the ordnance; nay that as soon as it had come to that noble Lord’s ears, that a contrail was in agitation, which would not bear the closed inspection, he immediately sent directions to the Board to break off the treaty; but it was too late, the business had been already completed. He trulied that the House would not think it necessary for him to apologize for having spoken on the fub - jell; it was natural for him to wish to rescue from obliquity the name of a noble Lord, to whom he was so nearly related ( his fathe ^, Lord Townflhend ) a man who had served his country with as clean hands, and as drill integrity, as any man in the nation.

Mr. Kenrick acknowledged, that the contrail had been made without the knowledge of the matter - general, for that nck the Board had been given to understand that secrecy was ne - cedary on the subjeH, as the market would undoubtedly have been raised upon them, if it should have been known in Odend that the Board of ordnance wanted salt - petre. The honourable member with whom they had made the contrail, had pointed out to them the necedity for secrecy : and as to the price, they had been guided in it by the prices of the India ( ales, and of the market at Garraway ' s.

Mr. Townfonsaid, that his character as a merchant, flood so ’ ' 0" ’

high and unimpeached; that from the correspondence which he had as a merchant, he had learned that there was a great quantity of salt - petre at Odend, and that it was a commodity that was growing scarce throughout Europe : from this he concluded that the French, orfome of our other enemies, would soon, perhaps, buy it up. To deprive them of such a resource, and procure it to his country, he thought a double service : be had rendered that double service to itj and : if, in so doing, he had availed himself of the charaller of a merchant, to derive some personal advantage to himself, he did not deem himself the less entitled to the thanks of his country. It was not to any miniderial favour or influence he owed his contrail.

•Q qa Mr.

30©

Mr. Courte acy.

Ur Gregory

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 2.

Mr. Courtenay in vindication of Lord Townshend said, that the noble Lord had sent to Russia, to Sweden, and to Denmark, to learn the ( late of the saltpetre markets in these countries : in Copenhagen he found that it fold from 2I. 15 s. to 3I. 15s. per hundred; that having this knowledge, and hearing of the improvident contraS which he understood the Board of Ordnance were going to make, he font them orders, as mader - general, to flop short; and break off the treaty : Mr. Courtenay himself had been the messenger on the occasion; but when he explained himself, they appeared surprised; and informed him that the contract had been signed three days before. With respect to the merit which the last speaker assumed to himself from having found out this saltpetre at Ostend; and the necelGty which he had insinuated that there was of acting with secrecy and caution, he could not fee ground either for this assumed merit, or or secrecy; for it was known that the Ostend saltpetre had been frequently advertised in the London newspapers. If the India Company asked 118L per ton for their saltpetre, they always allowed fix and a half percent for prompt payment : now the honourable member, in his contradh, was to have ready money, or prompt payment; but not a farthing was he to pay discount. The Company paid also seven and a half per cent, duty to the Crown; the honourable member, he understood, was to have his saltpetre pass duty - free : these two articles together, made 14 per cent in his favour; and 14 per cent might not be deemed too great profit for a merchant; but when he got 30, 40, nay 50 per cent, the public had a right to call the bargain improvident; and such was the profit on the contratt; for the honourable member was to have more than 61. per ton for that which fold from between 3I. 15 s. to 4 1. 15 s. per ton. At the same time he must beg leave to say, that he fully exculpated, in his own mind, therBoard of Ordnance, from the guilt of making an indifereet and criminal contradL He believed that they made it in the firm reliance, that as Mr Townfon was a member of Parliament, and a Director of the East India Company, he must be a man of honour.

Mr. Gregory declared the India Company did not refuse to let the Ordnance have any more saltpetre without paying for what was then owing; all they refused was to trust for any more, being themselves in want of cash. The Company had, he laid, at the time the contract was mgde with

Jdr.

301

A. 178 *. DEBATES.

Mr. Townfon, 1212 tons of saltpetre in their warehouses, which they would have sold to the Ordnance for ready money, without the old debt being paid \ and as a proof of their regard for the Ordnance, they had, out of that 1212 tons, reserved 700 tons for their use, supposing they might want it, and had absolutely deposited it in the King ' s ware - house under the White Tower; that on the 25th of January last the Company had fold 275 tons, at 1 tol. per ton, which was much less than the price agreed to be paid to Mr. Townfon, bcOdes making the usual discount of 61. 10 s. per ton, and paying 7 1. 10 s. for duty.

Mr. Strachy defended the Ordnance Board from any guilt in the contract, and declared, they knew nothing of Mr. Townfon 5 neither did he, or Mr. Ken rick, ever fee Mr. Townfon until they voted for him at the India House.

Mr. T. Townshend rose, and after paying many compli -

ments to the Master General of the Ordnance, for his upright condu# in office, reprobated in the most severe terms the saltpetre contract 5 and declared his utter aversion to pass the Ordnance estimates while there wasr such a glaring sum put down to the use of fortifications, without a Angle line of their utility being urged or defended by any one military or professional man.

Lord North said he was a total stranger to the contract so reprobated, and he was free to own, by the present appearance it was enormous : with respect to Mr. Townfon, he never, until after the contract was over, knew he had it. The only reason he supposed for Mr. Townfon’s having the contract was, he being the only person that made an offer, was the person that was accepted. With respect to the article in the estimate of fortifications, they were in his opinion highly necessary \ they were a safety to our shipping, nd added strength to the navy, as fewer ships were wanted to prote# our coasts. He gave that only as his own opinion, confessing himself not sufficiently master of the subject, it being entirely out of his province. It was now - much later than usual, he said, in the sessions for the sup - ply to be granted, therefore any impediment to it would be doing a material injury to the service. He proposed to leave out the article of saltpetre procured from Mr. Townfon, amounting to 149, 0001. and vote the remainder, as money was much wanted.

Mr.

2

Mr. Stradv

Mr. Ttwaf *

head *

LdNorfht

3 oz

Mr. Bjag.

Mr. Kellis k.

Mt. Fox.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 -

Mr. Byng was exceedingly animated respecting the ( ham - ful contracts and abuse of public money; the constituent j ie had the honour of rep relenting, he said, from their situ - fttion, had an opportunity of seeing and knowing, more wbtf was passing than most others, and they had inttru£fced him to declare, that so far from there being a necessity to keep v the contraCf respeCHng saltpetre a secret, the sale at Offend was publicly advertised in the London newspapers. He was Credibly informed the chief contraCI for Ordnance transports lay with some of the clerks of the fame Board; and be desired to know from the gentlemen in office whether the contract for Ordnance transports was ever advertised. He never was so thoroughly convinced of the necessity of Sir P. J. Clerke’s motion, to exclude contractors from parliament, as now.

Mr. Kenrtck said, he could not inform the honourable member whether the Ordnance transport contracts were advertised or not; but one reason for the expence being great on that head, was owing to our allowing seven men to every ioo ton of shipping, where merchants only had five men and a boy; the reason for our having that difference was, all our transports being armed ships, and requiring a larger share of hands to work the guns, and navigate the vessels, than those that were not armed.

Mr. Fox arose, saying, he was aitoniffied to hear the noble Lord in the blue ribbon deny any knowledge of Mr. Townson. Did not he know he was member for the place where his Lordship’s conduCfc was so recorded ? ( Milbomc - Port ). Did not his Lordship know he was an India Director ? Did he not know he was a merchant, and ready at his nod on all occasions ? That his Lordship had no hand m making the contract he was ready to confeis; for if he had, he would have made it at the highest price, namely 1531, per ton; the same as he did the contra& for rum, where he fullered himself to be cheated, and then, in return, cheated th « public. That contraCfc too was made with a perfeCl ( hanger to his Lordship; and he supposed the Board of Ordnance dealt with Mr. Townfon for the same reason that the two honourable members voted for him at the India - house,

because they never saw him before. " Could there be a j plainer proof of Mr. Townfon being the creature of the minister, than the people of the Ordnance being compelled ] to vote for him ? Certainly not. There never could be any

Mr

' *

A. t ? 8a. DEBATES,

Fawr reprdentation of the people in that House, whije such a nest of contfa&ors and loan - jobbers were fufFered to fit tlacre. It was impositble for the minister to speak to a member as a contractor; and it was equally impossible for a con - trdlor to speak in that Hoafc as a member; by that means tine public were shamefully robbed, the minister neing obliged to let the contractors have a good bargain; which, per contra, was a bad bargain for the nation. He continued a long chain of similies, much to the purpose, and was against acceding to the report; saying, as one fraud had been de - re£fced, it led him to suspexSt the whole. The noble Lord had offered to give up the saltpetre; why did he not do that of his own accord, and not give the House the trouble to goad him to it ? But his reasons for giving up the saltpetre were, that they might pass by, without any further inspec - tion, the other two glaring heads. The urging the latenefi of the season was no argument for him : why was it not brought on sooner

Sir H. Hongbun complained of there being a shameful sir M. abuse of the public money in building fortifications at Li - Hough *, verpool; which he understood, from people conversant. in military affairs, were not skilfully laid out.

Mr. Gascoyne, fen. was surprised at the assertion; because Mr. Ga£ k was not at all warranted in factc : the honourable Baronet, he was convinced, was unintentionally wrong : the fa£ was, that some privateers having made an attempt upon Liverpool, the Board of Ordnance had sent down some pieces of cannon. The Corporation were defiroiis to have some for - tress raised for the defence of the town, and offered to build one at their own expence upon any plan that the Board should give them : they accordingly did so; they gave the ground to the King, and at the expence of 12, 0001. of their own money, built one of the finest stone block - houses in England. It had been since reviewed by Major - General Fawcet, who pronounced it to be a very complete piece of work; but upon inspecting some grounds near it, it was judged necessary to enclose it with a wall, which was to cost 5001. that sum was in the eftinaates; but that was the only sum that the public had been called upon for that fortification.

Colonel Bam informed the House, that the Ordnance Col. Bu estimates for the present year Were as much as the wholfc of queen Anne’s war; that Coruscation at particular places

wer#

3oz PARLIAMENTARY A. 17B2.

were - necessary, no man could deny; but he was confident the places fcle&ed out, and where large sums were expended, were ill chosen, and particularly the works carrying on at Chatham, with in twenty - nine miles of the capital, alarmed him, as they could not be finished to do any service this war, - and might be of a dangerous consequence in either the hands of an enemy, or any one that would wish to be arbitrary. If the noble Lord complained that the public business mull not be retarded for want of money, he suggested the plan of granting a vote of credit for one million on account, and recommitting the report for further confide ration. He complained of thebadness of our powder, and produced, a letter from Barbadoes of a trial of the powder taken out of l ' even British ships, with that taken out of feTcn Spanish ones, when the balance was in favour of our enemy at lead four to three.

Mr. c « ur - Mr. Cou t nay defended the Ordnance Office, respecting

the powder; laid the blame on the gunners not taking a f proper elevation, nor keeping the powder properly shifted and aired. He concluded about the expence of fortifications, by desiring every person, who was anxious to destroy them, to do as Serjeant Kite talked of, to eat up a raveiin for break -,. fall, and afterwards pick theii teeth with a pallisade. ten. Cwn - General Conway gave his opinion, that fortifications were necessary to protect our dock - yards, but that he thought that that there were some ill chosen, and ill conduced : he was for adopting Colonel Barre’s proposition to grant one million for the present, ami make a farther inquiry.

Mr William Mr. fV % ddam defended the ordnance with respect to the Adam. enormous sum for transports, by lliewing that formerly the navy board used to do that business, which being now added to the ordnance, exceedingly fwclled the account.

Colonel Rot ' s patted an eulogium on the merit of general Col. R06. En; 0t at Gibraltar; but said nothing to the matter in question.

Sir William Sir William Dolben was for accepting Colonel Barre’s pro - polbeu. position, as was

SirGYonge Sir George ) onge9 who gave several instances of the abuse of the public money to his knowledge.

At length the question being called for, the gallery was cleared, and the House divided; for receiving the report, 1x2; for re - committing it, 92.

The report was then received.

The

A. 1782.

DEBATES *

3 ° 5

The following are authentic copies of the important papers laid upon the : table of the House in consequence of the motions of Mr ., and the orders of the House, containing the information necessary to the proposed enquiry into the management of our Naval Affairs, and particularly in the Year 1781.

Extracts of instructions from the Lords of the Admiralty to Admiral, da~cd the 27th of May, 1780.

WHEREAS the intelligence has been received, that ITO Terrible the squadron of French ships of war, named in the 7tLcZeL ' margin, are fitting out at Toulon with the greatest expedi - 7 r Lc Marfeilloia tion, to proceed under the command of Count D ’ Eftaing to Le Lion Cadiz, in order to join five other French ships of the line, «. 0 Le Sa - itraire whose names arc also in the margin, and then, in conjunc - 50 L ’ Experiment tion with a squadron of Spanish ships of war, r epair to Href ! oioricux

to join the squadron which is preparing at that port for the 74 LaBou - g > gne sea : and whereas it is of the utmost importance to prevent a 74 Lc Zodiacque junction of the above - mentioned combined squadrons from 74 J - 6 Sapion Cadiz, with the squadron at Brelt; you are therefore, in 74 cros pursuance of his Majesty’s pleasure, flgnified to us by the Earl of HilKbo - rough, in his letter of the iniiant ( as twenty - four of the line of battle ftiips which we have put under your command, arc in readiness for the sea ) hereby required and directed, with the sint opportunity of wind and weather, to proceed to sea with them, and such frigates, firethips, and other vessels as shall also be in readiness, and cruize upon such Ration as you shall judge moil proper for intercepting the said squadrons of the enemy from Cadiz, or the squadron from Bred, if they shall attempt to join each other, and use your utmost endeavours to take or destroy them; making it your chief purpose ( if possible ) to engage them separately.

You are to leave orders for the red of the lh ps and vcdels of the squadron put under your command to follow you, jointly or separately, from time to time, as they are ready, to your cruizing Ration, according to such rendez -. vous as you shall leave with them.

And whereas the fjfety of the kingdoms of Great - Britain and Ireland, and the trade of his Majesty’s subjects mud always be considered as very important objects of your attention, you will be careful to give them every protection that is confident with the great purpose of preventing the junction of the enemy’s fleets, and engaging them separately.

Sir,

Copy of a letter fVom Mr. Stephens to Admiral Geary.

Admiralty Office, 27th July, 1780.

I have it in command from my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to fend you in the enclosed four papers, extracts of such intelligence as their I. orddiips have received of the, equipment of the French and Spanish squadrons in the ports of Bred and Cadiz. You wall therein perceive, how much they have at heart the jun&lon of those squadrons, and the means they are taking to efTeft it; by fending ships singly from Bred, and other ports in the Bay, to Cadiz. It is of the utmost importance, and it is the great object of your inltru£tion «, to prevent, if pofibie, such junftmn of the enemy’s fleets; and I am therefore commanded by ihvir Lordships to

V ° L - V - R Vized ’ convey

3o6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

convey to you their moil earned willies, that you will keep the Tea with the fleet you command as long as you possibly can, as the moil effectual means of fruitrating the designs of the enemy. And as there is no longer any probability of invafon, or danger from the Brest fleet to our trade in the Channel, their Lordships think you need not confine yourself to your former station between Ulhant and Scilly, but extend it more to the southward; but this, however, is left to your own direction and judgment.

I fend this by the True Briton cutter, whole lieutenant is directed to follow your orders for his farther proceedings; and I shall very soon fend a duplicate of it by the Pheasant cutter, whose lieutenant will have the like directions. I am with great regard.

Sir,

Your moll obedient

humble servant,

Philip Stephens

Admiral Geary—at sea.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Stephens to Admiral Geary.

Sir,

Admiralty - Office, 2d August, 1780.

I have the honour to fend you herewith extracts of such further intelli -

fence respecting the French and Spanish squadrons, as hath been received y my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, fmee my letter to you of the 27th ultimo; and as ou will thereby fee, that there is great probability the enemy will soon attempt the junction of their fleets, I have it in command from their Lordships, to recommend it to you in the llrongell manner, not to come into port with your fleet, except in case of necellity; and to the end that you may be the better enabled to keep the sea, I am further commanded to acquaint you, that the Victualling Board are directed to cause large quantities of beer and water to be shipped, so as to be ready, if polfible, to fail from Plymouth in the course of a fortnight from this time, to join you upon such rendezvous, and at such time, as you, by letter to Lord Shuldham, may be pleased to appoint.

The Valiant and Flora at Spithead, and the Gibraltar at Plymouth, will have orders by to - morrow’s poll, to proceed without a moment’s delay, to join you upon the rendezvous oil Ulhant. I am, with great regard.

Sir,

Your moll obedient

humble servant,

Francis Gcnrv, Ffq; Philip Stephens.

Admiral of the White, &c. at sea.

Admiralty - Office, February 6, 1782.

Subllance of the intelligence received of the movement of the Spanish fleets at Cadiz and Ferrol, in the months of February apd March, 1781.

Prepared in pursuance of sfn order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated 24th January, 1782.

Substance of the Intelligence.

Received 24 ' h January, 1781. - - - Eighteen shipa were to go out of Ca -

diz, at far ulthe Canaries, to meet Don Solano *

C"r\na\o. 6th Feb,

A. 1782. DEBATES. 307

6th February. About twenty - eight ships of the line, all Spanish, and three or four frigates, in Cadiz bay, on the 24 th January.

An order arrived here, two days before, for ten fail of the line to proceed to sea; supposed to meet at the Canaries the trade from the South Seas and the West - indies.

Since the 7th of November, when Compte D ’ Eftaing failed from Cadiz to Breit with the French ships of war and about one hundred fail of merchant ships, none of the above Spanish ships of the line had put to fca; nor had any arrived at Cadiz except fix or ( even of those that had escorted Compte D ’ Ellaing towards Cape Finisterre, and returned seven or eight days afterwards.

8th February. ———Twenty - six ships to be commanded by Don Cordova; and Beauflet was to join him with nine from Toulon with Barcello, and would give battle to the Knglish fleet going to Gibraltar.

9th February. - - - Nothing known of the dedination of Mr. D ’ F. daing,

his Iquadron waspreparing, and it was said the Spaniards were to join him at Breit.

Twelve ships had failed from Cadiz, before the 16th of January, under Don Vincente Doz, it was supposed, to meet Don Solano, who was impatiently expected from the Wed - Indies; though some people thought that he had other budness on his hands.

1 1 tli February. - The Spanish fleet at Cadiz, confiding of thirty - one

ships, ready to fail on the 12th ultimo, ten of them particularly, which are victualled for four months.

The following is a lid of the Spanish ships at Cadiz; of which twenty - four are ready for sea, making with those of the French, with Beaudet, thirty - one in all. The Spanish ships very foul—seven of them, have not been cleaned these six years.

La Santa Trinadad El Rayo San Carlos San Vincente El Foudre Minotaure Magnanime Santa Ifubella San Miguel Angel de la Guardia San France de Paula San Evcdro

Conception de la Virgen San Fernando El Vincedor

22d February. ——Compte D ’ Edaing to command the flee of observa - tion, which will confld again of more than thirty ships, it will be joined by twelve Spanish ships, and perhaps by a greater number of those belonging to the Powers of the Armed Neutrality. ’ He will harrass the coads of EnglaiflJ very violently during the whole campaign.

Don Vincente Doz had not been able to fail from Cadiz with his division, confiding of ten ships of the line and four frigates, owing to contrary winds, but was in condant readiness for failing, and generally supposed to be going to cruize off the Capes,

Rr 2

Guns. Guns.

1 4 El Septentrion 70

80 El Vigilante 70

80 San Iiidro 70

80 San Judo 7

80 San Raphael 70

74 San Pablo 70

74 El Seriofo 7 ° l

70 El Atlafs - 70

70 San J. Baptida 70

70 San Damafco 70

7 ° San Joaquin - 70

70 San Lorenzo 70

84. El Leandro 70

80 San Pafqual 7

7 ° San Pedro Apollol 70

The

3o8 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

The Spanish fleet was upon the watch to receive the English fleet if it came in its way.

3d March. - - - Orders had been sent to Ferrol for fix ships of the line,

which were there, to proceed immediately to Cadiz; at which place there would be ( when they arrived ) thirty - nine of the line.

3d March. - - - Don Cordova was in the road of Cadiz on the 2d ultimo,

with thirty - seven ships to wait for the English squadron going to Gibraltar. When Don. Cordova is joined by Don IJarcelo, he will have a fleet sufficient to defeat the purposes of the English. The Spanish fiigates arc every w here upon the look out to gain intelligence, and bring an account of any thing which is coming.

3d March. - - Six ships gone to Cadiz, at which place the Majesteux of no guns, with Beauflei’s four ships, and four which were with Barcolo at Algefiras. Cordova is to have twenty - eight of the line, making, with the French ships, a combined fleet of thirty - lix of the line.

Don Doz to have ten ships to meet the galleons. Twenty fire - ships fitted $n order to attempt to burn the English fleet should it pass the Streights.

5th March. - - - Don Cordova, with his squadron, confiding of thirty - tuo

ships of the line and ten frigates, failed on the 6th ult. with a fair wind to meet the English fleet coming to the relief of G braltar.

12th March. - - The Spanish fleet under Cordov. i, in conseqnonce of or -

ders from Madrid to put to sea, with as many ships as he could poflihfy

collect, failci i from Cadiz on the cth of February, with a fleet, c

of nearly of the following numbers, viz.

Guns. Guns.

2 Of - JI2 6 of - 50 to 36

4 0 00 1 8 Hoops io to 14

2f - - 70 2 fireships *

2 - 1 - 60 2 bombs.

2 of the line. 18 frigate ?, &c.

Their object is to intercept the convoy going to Gibraltar, or to meet their fleet expended from the West - Indies, and probably feme of them to go on to replace fu. h as are coining from thence.

12th March. - - - The Spanish fleet confllling of thirty - two ships of the

line and iix frigates, compleatly equipped and provided with every thing necessary, was cruizing, as was believed, off the Capes, in such a - manner as to block the Streights.

The Spanish fleet, with a Dutch ship of 50 guns, has been cruizing ever since the 6 h of February, between Cape St. Vincent and C ape Spartel, so that it is impolflble for the English to pass to Gibraltar without being discovered.

Don Earcclo guards the Streights with eight ships and eighteen other vessels.

13th March. ——No squadron ever went from the ports of Spain more cHriplete, better provided with all necessaries, or under more positive orders to fight, than Co d va ’ s, it was Aationed between the Capes St. Mary and Spartel, as near as possible to the Straits, with vefl ' els upon the look out to bring accounts of every thing which passed.

Barcelo had been reinforced at Algefiras, and had with him, exclusive of gun - boats, fifteen or sixteen fire - fliipai; e < a « 44C > ( fepposed that Gibraltar

was

A. 1782. D E B A E 309

was reduced to the last neceflhy. If the English approach, there will be a most bloody engagement.

14th March. - - - Eight ships had failed from Ferrol to Cadiz.

15th March. - - - The Spanish fleet, confiding of thirty ships of the line

and fix frigates, had failed to oppose the ships deilined for the relief of Gibraltar, and was cruizing between the Capes St. Mary and St. Vincent.

17th March. — - The Spanish fleet, confiding of fifty fail, thirty - two supposed to be of the line, failed 5th February from Cadiz, appeared oft Lagos on the 9th, and again on the 17th. A cutter was lent into that Bay, and it was said, they were forty - eight fail, twenty - two of them of the line; the others might be further out at sea; and it was also said, they might be waiting lor the English fleet and convoy going to Gibraltar.

17th March. — - The Spanish fleet was cruizing between Capes Spartcl and St. Mary, and had entirely blocked up the entrance of the Straits. The English will pass their time very ill, if they m ike their appearance.

20th March. - - - Cordova’s squadron was cruizing on the Hi, between the Capes, and had taken eight victuallers bound to Gibraltar.

23d March. - - - The combined fleets of France and Spain had been out,

coniifting of thirty - four line of battle ships, and had put back again in a gale of wind.

25th March. - - - The Spanish fleet was out on the 3d instant, cruizing

off Cape St. Vincent, said to consist of above thirty ships of the line.

There were no French ships at Cadiz when they fail d, but it had been given out that fomc were to join them from Toulon : that, however, not certain.

26th March. - - - An engagement was impatiently expected between the

Spanish and English squadron '. Cordova, when joined to Barcelo, will have a superiority. The Spanish fleet confiib only of thirty fail of the line, befzdes frigates.

27 th March. - —The Spanish fleet, con filling of thirty - one or thirty - two fail of the line, were, on the 5 th or 6th of March, cruizing eighteen leagues N. W. of Cape St. Vincent.

Thirty Spanish flnps of the line, and three French frigates, laying off Cape St. Vincent on the 12th of March, to intercept the English fleet going to Gibraltar.

27th March. - - - The St. Ferdinand was returned into the Bay of Cadiz

to Hop a leak, and the Majelleux, of 110 guns, was expected from Toulon.

31ft March. —Cordova had taken a privateer and four large vefi ' elj, laden with provisions, which were endeavouring to get into Gibraltar Every thing with respect to his squadron, continued as it was on the 2d instant.

2d April. —Cordova’s squadron on the fame station as before, fully determined to wait for the English fleet. There will certainly be an action.

2d April. - ' The combined fleets of France and Spain, confiding of thirty - four line of battle ships, had, on the 19th of March, been out, but had put back again in a gale of wind.

8th April. - - - A fleet seen off the Coast of Portugal on the 16th of

March, moving southward, supposed to be the British fleet. By the last accounts the Spanish Fleet vyas cruizing betsveen Cape St. Vincent and Cr. pe St. Mary ’ s.

8th

3 0

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

8th April. The Spaniards have established their cruize between Cape St. Mary and Cape Spand, courageously waiting for the English.

12th April. - Dilferent accounts at Lisbon on the 3ill of March about the Spanish fleet. It was said they were gone back to Cadiz, and that they had been reinforced by three of the line and a frigate from Ferrol, but no certainty of it.

16th April. - - - Cordova’s squadron kept constantly cruizing up to the

13th of March, in good condition, near the Straits.

16th April. There had been a report that it returned to Cadiz the 14th of March, but it was known that it was on ks former ilation on the 18th; it was afterwards said that it actually returned on the 19th to water, and was to put to sea again immediately, to meet the English.

21 ft April. - —On the 23d of March, in the afternoon, five or six ftiips of Cordova’s squadron were seen Handing towards Cadiz, and there was no doubt that one division of his fleet would come in the next day, and the remainder of it successively.

21ft April - - - Cordova’s fleet came back to Cadiz on the 17th ultimo

for water and provisions, and was to return, and cruize in five or six days.

21 ft April. —Four ships of the line had been equipped at Ferrol; their defti nation unknown; and that for want marines, the regiment de Lilbonne, or a part of it, had been ordered to embark on board them.

24th April. —Fart of Cordova’s squadron returned to Cadiz on the 27th of March, the remainder exported next day to land their lick, recruit their provisions, and then to return with five more ships, in learch of the English, near Cape St. Vincent.

24th April. - - - The Spanish fleet was seen about four leagues from

Cadiz on the 23d of March, but their number not ascertained.

26th April. - - - The Spanish squadron h.. s returned for the sole purpose

©Handing iix hundred sick, taking 011 board, in their Head, seven hundred who were in health, and recruiting its provisions; after which it was to depart again, having received orders to fail by the 17th at lateH. No doubt of a battle.

30th April. - - - The Spanish fleet returned to Cadiz on the 27th of

March, and put to sea on the 3d of April, reinforced with the

and then confided of thirty - three fail of the line. It seemed to be morally certain that Cordova’s orders were to wait for Admiral Darby oft the Strait’s Mouth, and risque an engagement.

2d May. - - —The Spanish licet was in Cadiz on the 5th of April, and Cordova was put to sea by the 10th, after taking in water and refreshments, would certainly attack the English, had thirty - four ftiips of the line, besides many frigates and fire - ships.

7th May. The lall accounts at Lisbon on the 14th of April were, ~ that the Spanish fleet, to the number of thirty - three, large and - small, anchored in the Bay of Cadiz on the 30th of March, and had not been out since. What was become of the remainder did not appear, but it was supposed they had been font forward, for the protection of their possessions

St. Pierre, of St. Ferdinand, of St. Isidore, of

abroad.

9th,

A. 1782. DEBATES. 311

9th May. - Cordova Tent into Lagos, on the 7th of March, for re -

freshments for his fleet, which con filled of thirty - two ships, twenty - four of them supposed to be of the line. It was thought he did not mean to attack the English, but only to protett the Havannah fleet.

His squadron, after cruizing two months, had returned into port for ten days, by order of the King.

Admiralty - Office, 6th February, 1782.

fubilance of the intelligence received at any time of the equipping of Monsieur De la Motte Piquet’s squadron at Brest, after Vice - Admiral DarbyVfailing in March 1781.

Prepared pursuant to an order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 24th January 1782.

Substance of the Intelligence.

Received 2d April, 1781. ——Orders received at Brelt on the 2111 of March, to fit out immediately the following fix ships for Monsieur De la Motte Piquet, viz.

La Couronne Le Magnifique

La Robulte Le Dauphin Royal

L ’ Indien Le Lion

and orders had been given at the same time to refit the Royal Louis, Terrible, Invincible, anil Hardi in the road; and for the Bretagne, which is coppered, to proceed thither—The cause not known.

6th April. — - The ships which were to have coinposed Monsieur De la Motte Piquet’s squadron have been changed; he is to go on board the Invincible of no guns, and to haye under him

Le Bien Aime L ’ Hardi

L ’ Attif Le Lion.

L ’ Alexandre

These ships arc only to have five months provisions, and are, as it is said, to go to Cadiz to bring back a good part of the Spanish fleet.

11 th April. —Monsieur De la Motte Piquet’s squadron not destined to America; the ships of it are indifferent, except his own, and not going a long voyage by their preparation.

There were fix fail of the line in Breff Road on the 24th of March ready for sea; and fifteen more were fitting out with the utmost expedition, which it was thought would be ready by the end of this month : the whole twenty - one fail to be commanded by Moufieur La Motte Piquet, who was going on forne secret expedition, with about 13, 000 troops, which were hourly ex - petted at Brest.

12th April. - - They were diligently arming at Brell fix ships of the - line, which would be ready in eight days ( from the beginning of this month. ) Monsieur De la Motte Piquet was to have the command of them; and it was supposed he would go to the Tcxel to join the Dutch squadron, in order to att in concert.

24th April. - - - Monsieur De la Motte Piauct was arrived at Brest on the

nth initant; was to fail in a few days; hau embarked fixuen Dutch coast -

in g

I

31 *. PARLIAMENTARY a. 1782.

ing pilots, which made it believed he was going to Holland to join the forces of the States - General, and twelve Swedi ( h ships; but that waited confirmation.

30th April. ——Monsieur De la Motte Piquet’s squadron would be ready to fail about the middle of next month, and it was to consist of fix ships of the line, and some frigates : his destination variously spoken of; but the more general opinion seemed to be, that it was to join the Dutch squadron from the Texcl. In confirmation of which it had been asserted, that several Dutch pilots and schippers had been dispatched to Brest to conduct the squadron north about. All the other ships lying in Brest harbour, and amounting, as it was said, to twelve fail of the line, had likewise received orders to prepare for sea as speedily as pcilible; in consequence of which, there had been a general press of sailors on board the merchantmen and privateers in the different ports, insomuch that the greater part of the ktter were obliged to disarm for want of hands.

ill May. - - - The squadron of Monsieur De la Motte Piquet was in Brest

Road on the 18th of April, and only waited for its final orders for failing. He was recovered, and at Bred.

2d May. - - - It was thought probable on the 20th, that his departure

v/Ould be deferred.

2d May. - - - La Motte Piquet was ordered for the Texcl, and two more

ships added to his squadron, making eight : he was to go in the Invincible, and would depart immediately.

Every thing at Brest was going on with the greatest dispatch; carpenters had been ordered from Rcchtort and L ’ Onent, to forward the ships fitting for sea.

7th May. —La Motte Piquet failed 25th April into the Road, and put to sea next day, with fix Blips of the line and two cutters, with twenty ships and vessels of the States of Holland, under his convoy, going north about.

9th May. - - - As he had not taken on board mere than two months pro -

visions, it was thought the service he was going upon would not be of long duration.

nth May. —His final infiructions arrived at Brest the 25th ultimo in the morning, and at noon he was under wray with his squadron, cor. iifting of the following Blips

Guns. Guns. I

L ’ Invincible 110 Le Lion 64

Le Eien Aime 74 La S. bille 34

L ’ Aftif 74 La Ncreide 34 '

L Alexandre 64 La L verctte

Le Hardi 6+ Le Chafleur

11 th May. —Generally thought that Monsieur De la Motte Piquet, who had failed from Brest with fix ships of the line and four frigates, was bound to North - America.

Admiralty Cilice, 6th Feb. 1782.

Substance of the intelligence received at any time of the equipment and failing of Mons. de Graftc wfith his farce for the West - Indies, in the months of February and March, 1781.

Prepared in pursuance of an order of the honourable House of Commons, dLated the 24th of January, 1782,

N 1 Substance

Ai ij82#

DEBATES.

$13

Substance of the Intelligence.

Received, 9th Feb. 1781. - - Orders arrived at Brest the 26th January to

hasten a Squadron of nineteen ships, and fix frigates for Mons. de la Toufhe Treville.

10th February. ——Mons. de la Motte Piquet was not to command the fleet. On the contrary, the King had appointed Mr. de la Touche Treville to command that which was defined for America. His squadron as follows.

viz.

La Ville de Paris L Auguste Le Sceptre Le Ceiar Le Magnanime Le St. Esprit Le Citoyen Le Soverain Le Languedoc Le Heros

Le Northumberland Le Annibal Le Marfellios

Guns.

104

80

74

74

74

80

74

74

80

74 74

74 74

Le Pluton. Le Diademe Le Zele La Bourgogne LeScipion L ’ Hector L Hercule Le Glorieux L Artefien Le Vaillant Le Verigeur Le Sphynx

Guns.

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

64

64

64

64

17th February. ——The works went on with great dispatch in fitting the fleet; by the end of the month twenty fail would be ready at Brest.

Directions were given at Rochfort for the fame dispatch. Orders were gone for four ships of the line to be ready to fail for the East - Indies in ten days, from POrient. Ten ships had been coppered at Bred lince January, and five fail of the line gone to Cadiz to join the Spanish fleet.

Intended that the troops should be ready by the middle of next month to reinforce Mons. de Ro : hambeau, and would go there with a large squadron.

22d ' Feb. —Not as yet able to form any conjcttures respecting the delti - nation of the squadron preparing for sea with the greatest diligence in Brest harbour, whether the whole of it was bound to the West - Indies, or whether a part might not be intended to separate from the rest in a certain latitude, and fail immediately for Rhode Island. At all events, there seemed to be no doubt that it would consist of from twenty to twenty - four fail of the line, besides frigates, and that it would be in readiness to put to sea early in April.

Mons. de la Touche Treville, made Lieutenant General of the Marine, was to have taken leave of the Court on the qth instant, and to set out immediately for Brest.

The following is a list of the ships he is to command

VOL.

Guns. Guns.

La Ville de Paris no Le Zele 74

L A uguile 80 Le Marfellios 74

Le St. Esprit 80 La Bourgogne 74

Le Languedoc 8o Le Scipion 74

Le Sceptre 74 - Le Hector 74

Le Cefar 74 A L Hercule 74

Le Magnanime 74 Le Souverain 74

Le Citoyen 74 Le Glorieux 74

Le Heros 74 L ’ 74

Le Northumberland 74 Le Artefien 64

L Annibal 74 Le Vengeur 64

Le Pluton 74 Lc Sphynx 6+

The

A. 1782.

314 PARLIAMENTARY

The frigates not yet named.

Of the above - mentioned lift, four are to go to the EafLIndies.

On the 1 ith instant, they were fitting out at Brest, with the utmost expedition, the armament intended for the West - Indies.

27th Feb, -. .. The Armament was going on brifkiy at Brest the 14th

instant.

The Comte de Grasse, named to the command of the fleet for America, took leave of the King the 18th, and was to set out immediately for Brest.

3d March. - The Comte de Grasse was certainly gone on the 23d of February to forward the armament at Brest, but there had been a rumour the day before, that the Comte de Chaifault was to have the command of it, and that he was to set out on the iSth of February, for Brest.

6th March. - - - The Marquis de Castries was gone to Brest. De Grasse

was dispatched to take the command of the fleet deiHned for America, confiding of twenty - five fail of the line, and would first join Don Cordova.

Some of the ships had received damage in the storm, which drove them from the Road into Brest Water with loss of bowsprits, which would retard their being so soon got ready.

The bason full of ships, and the works carried on with great dispatch.

The ships which failed the 9th of February, were put back to Brest.

12th March. - - - The Marquis de Castries was going to Brest to give

orders relative to the failing of the fleet.

13th March. —Mons. dc Grasse arrived at Brest on the 25th February. Has the command of twenty - five ships dcllined for the Antilles, and is to embark on board the Ville de Paris.

16th March. - - - De Grasse’s fleet of twenty - five ships of the line,

three frigates, and three ( loops, would all be ready in Brest road by the 7th instant, but it was thought would not fail in less than three weeks.

They were certainly fixed to go to the West - Indies.

16th March. —— - Mons. de Castries was gone to Brest, to hasten the departure of the French fleet, which was ready to fail with the first fair wind, and consisted of twenty - two fail of the line, to be commanded by Mons. de Grasse, and certainly, as it was said, to go to the West - Indie *.

17th March. - - - The following is a list of the squadron to fail from

Brest under Mons. de Grasse.

La Ville de Paris Guns. 110 Le Zele Guns. 74

L Auguile 80 Le Marfellios 74

Le St. Esprit 80 La Bourgogne 74

Le Languedoc 80 Le Scipion 74

Le Cefar 74 Le Hector 74

Le Sceptre 74 L Hercule 74

Le Souverain 74 Le Glorieux 74

Le Heros 74 Le Citoyen 74

Le Northumberland 74 L Arteflen 64

L Hannibal 74 Le Vaillant 64

Le Pluton 74 Le Vengeur 64

Le Diademe 74 Le Sphynx 64

Le Magnanime 74 Le Sagittaire

20 March. The fleet was in Brest road ready to fail on the 7th

instant.

Six or seven thousand men, who were to go on board it, were exposed to arrive there on the 15th or 16th instant, to embark immediately; and

A. 1782

DEBATES.

3 5

the day fixt for its departure was the 18th or 19th, if the wind would permit.

In the before - mentioned lift, the following ships are Iheathed with wood, and filled; viz.

All the rest ( except Le Magnanime, which is un Iheathed ) are iheathed

with copper.

2zd March. It was believed, that Mons. de Grasse would not have more than ready by the end of this month,

N. B. From an accident, the above blank could not be precisely supplied but from former accounts; it could not refer to more than twenty - five, including four or five said to be intended for the Isle of France.

24th March. - - - On the 9th instant, they were expelling the arrival of the Marquis de Castries at Brest, to give orders for the failing of the fleet, the wind having been fair for eight days.

24th March. - - - The following ships added to Mons. de Grafte ' s

squadron.

L Aftif 74 L ’ Alexandre 64 Le Sagiltaire 54

2£th March. —Mons. De la Motte Piquet was to fail soon after the beginning of this month from Brest, with twenty - two fail of the line, to th

West - Indies.

31ft March. On the 13th instant all the officers, both in the sea and land service, who were to fail with Mons. de Grade ' s squadron, had received orders to repair on board their respective ftiips the preceding afternoon; and there was every reason to suppose, that the whole fleet would put to sea on the following day, or on the 20th at farthest. It confided of two hundred and fifty fail of merchantmen, twenty - seven ships of the line; twenty - one of which, it was believed, were destined for Martinique, and the remaining fix for the isles of France and Bourbon.

29th March. —De Grasse was certainly to fail the 19th instant, wind permitting, with twenty - six ships of the line, one of 50 guns.

La Motte Piquet staid behind sick.

Twenty of the above ships were certainly for America, the other fix for the Mauritius; after going on their passage together as far as they might not be intercepted by the English.

The fleet and transports had taken on board 12, 000 troops, 3000 of which go to the Mauritius, and 9000 to reinforce Mons. de Rochambean in America; with great quantities of doathing and all forts of stores, for the Americans.

31ft March. —On the 14th instant they were embarking, at Louvan and at Brest, the troops for the fleet viz. 6000 regulars in regiments, and as many more in detachments, to recruit and complete the regiments in the colonies.

Two frigates and two cutters were to accompany Mons. de Grasse.

No certain Accounts on the 23d of the fleet having failed from Brest, the winds, which had been contrary on the 18th and 19th, had become fair on the 20th, and continued.

31ft March. —There was a report at Paris on the 23d instant, that a fleet of thirty - eight ships had failed from Brest without convoy; supposed to be gone in pursuit of that of the English, which, having convoy, could hot

Languedoc

L$ Marfellios, Le Vaillant,

Le Sagittaire,

fail fall.

The

3i 6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

The convoy which the French fleet was to have escorted, conflfls of more than three hundred fail, and is the larged and riched that ever was seen in France.

2d April. - - - The Hector had been repaired; would go with the fleet;

and there was reason to believe, that they would fail on the 20th of March, as the minider wished. The treops were arriv ed, and embarking the day before.

2d April. - - - The Brest fleet detained fin : e the 19th of March for want

of wind; was not failed on the 21A at 1 r, P. M. but the wind was becoming fair, and preparations were making for failing the next day.

3d April - - - Monsieur de Callries was expected at Paris from Bred on

the 26th of March; and it was believed by mod people, that the fleet would tv failed by that time, thqugh feme suppufed it could not fail before the jft of April.

6th April. - - The Marquis de Cadrles returned to Verfiilles the 27th of

March, having had the satisfactfon to see the fleet fail from Broil on the 22d, with the wind at N. E. which was out of fight the next morning. Monsieur de Grade had with him twenty - ( even ships of the line, including the Ficr, and ab ut ten frigates, and a very great number of merchants ships under his convoy. It was laid he was to go directly to Cadiz, where Jeventy merchants ships from Marseilles, ar. d as many Spanish, were waiting to take the benefit of ins convoy to the French islands in the Wed - Indies.

6th April. - - The wind coming to the south on the 23d of March,

Monsieur de Grade made the iignal to fail, and the whole of his iquadron was expected to fail the next d iyr if the wind continued fair.

Count de Grade’s iquadron for Martinique to consist of sixteen ships of the line, Bougainville to command in the place of La Motte Piquet.

Monsieur de B. rras, with four ships of the line, was to go to Rhode - Island with a convoy and troops, to take the command of the squadron there.

8th April. - - The French fleet failed from Brest the 22d of March, con -

siding of twenty - six ships of the line, belidcs frigates, &c. with 250 fail of transports with troops on board, and merchants ships under their convoy.

Twenty of the above ships are deltined for America, and the other fix for the East - Indics.

. nth April. —The French fleet, under Monsieur de Grade, confiding of twenty - five fail of the line bolides frigates, and 160 or 180 merchantmen, with many troops on board, faihd from Bred the 22d of March, bound to the Wed - Indies.

16th April. - - - The wind had been favourable since the failing of Mon -

ficur de Grasse’s fleet from Bred up to the 30th of March, and continued io then—It was not then believed that it was to go to Cadiz.

2id April. —On the 6th indant no news had been received at Bred of Monsieur de Grade since the 27 th March, when he had sent back a corvette.

24th April. —By intelligence from Guernsey, dated the 12th instant, it appeared, that a mader of a ship put in there from Cette; had fecn, on the 29th of March, the French fleet, confiding of 140 fail, amongst which weie iorty fail of the line, fleering W. S. Vv. in lat. 40. 48. long. 12 « but could not tell whether any pait of it was Spanish.

Admiralty -

A. 1782, DEBATES. 317

Admiralty - Office, 6th February, 178a *

Sobftance of the intelligence received of Mons. de Guichen’s equipment ill May and June 1781, and of his failing from Brett to Cadiz.

Prepared in pursuance of an order of the honourable House of Coni ' xnons, dated the 24th of January, 1782.

Substance of the Intelligence.

Received 15th May. - - - They were working at Brett the 2d of May *

without intermission, upon the equipments that are ordered, which will be ready by the end of month.

The Generals will then be appointed, and publickly named.

19th May. - - - A frcih embarkation of 4000 men is preparing at Brett;

two millions and half in goli are arrived, but its destination not known.

23d May. - - - Since the lcores are come to Bred, the greatest dispatch is

making; the fleet will be ready by the 20th of June; all the officers are appointed, and ordered to Brett. The Rochford ships are ordered to Brett with a fleet of veil ' d5 loaded with wine and provisions for the fleet, from the ports in the bay.

3itt May. - - - The Spanish squadron, confiding of thirty - one ships, is to

join the Brett squadron composed of twenty - one ships; which squadrons will then be commanded by Mons. d ’ Etting.

4th June. - - - There are now ready in Brett water sixteen fail of the line,

four of which mount no guns; these with five or six others are copper bottoms.

It is conjectured, this squadron is to proceed off L ’ Orient, and there be joined by iome men of w ar from Rochford; from thence proceed to Ferro ! to join me CVdiz fleet, exported to meet them there, otherwise to proceed to Cadiz. They are also to be joined by a squadron of Dutch men of war.

Montieur de la Motte has got safe into Brett with all his prizes.

In Europe, Spain is to fend a fleet to Brett to compose forty fail of the line, to engage the attention of the English in the Channel, to prevent their fending succours, and carrying on trade in America, and give the Dutch an opportunity to plague and harrass the English ccatts.

5th June. — - Report fays, that Mons. de la Motte Piquet is failed front Brett upon a secret expedition, with fix chosen ships and four frigates.

9th June. - - - A courier extraordinary was dispatched to Brett the 29th

May, with orders for Mons. de la Motte Piquet to put to sea immediately.

nth June. - - Mons. de la Motte Piquet was not failed from Brett the 30th of May; he was then waiting for his orders.

Mons. de Bauflett, Chef d ’ Efcadre, hath been ordered to Brett immediately. The Bretagne is reserved for the commander in chief, who is fop - posed to be Mons. de Guichen.

16th June. - - - La Motte Piquet was at Brett on the 3th of June. Mons;

de Guichen will command this fleet, which is to be joined by seventeen ships of the line, and to be ready by the 20th of June.

The Artif is in dock, and will have her damages repaired in about ten days.

Ships in the road of Brett 12

Ready in the inner road - 5

With yards and topmasts down In dock, Artif and two others 3

ji$ PARLIAMENTARY A. i; *.

l$t& June. —Mons. de Guichen, who is appointed to command the Buropean fleet, has received orders to hold himself in readiness to fail; his instructions will ( oon be sent him. He will fail with twenty - one ships; the lUoflre, and Majestieux are to join him. Mons. de la Motte Piquet’s expedition is laid aside; he will command the van.

18th June. —Mons. de Guichen will command the Brest fleet, but as Mons. de la Motte Piquet will fail soon with ten fail of the line, he will have none left in Brest; nor is it likely any more will be ready there for two Months.

The plan of the campaign in Europe, is certainly to infeft the EngJith commerce, and carefully avoid an engagement with the English fleet; for the /hips of France and Spain in these Teas, are in bad condition, and fit only for short summer cruizes.

It is reported, that La Motte Piquet and Laurens have failed.

l8th June. —Mons. de la Motte Piquet is llill at Brest, with the squadroa of fix /hips of the line and four frigates. There are fifteen fail of the line more lying in the harbour, ready to put to fca, as soon as Count D ’ Eftang and Prince Mountba/on shall arrive to take the command of them. This, however, will not be until Don Cordova, whose fleet consists of twenty - eight /hips of the line, fix frigates, and three cutters, exclusive of the three men of war from Rochford, and two or three from Toulon, which have already joined him at Cadiz, shall be known to be off the coast of Brittany. It seems as if the project of Mons. de la Motte Piquet’s going as far as Cape Finisterre, to meet the Spanish admiral, has been laid aside, on account of admiral Darby’s having left a division of his fleet to cruize at sea forfome time after his own return into port.

2zd June. - - Mons. de Guichen hath orders to fail the i$th or 20th of

this month, and to proceed to Vigo.

23d June. — - Mons. de Guichen has taken the command of the fleet at Brest, and Motte Piquet, Beauflett, and Vaudrcuille, are to command under him. There are now twenty ships at Brest ready for sea; seventeen in the outer road.

23d June. ——Mons. dc Guichen has received orders to fail from Brest the 16th at farthest.

30th June. — ' The fleet at Brest was ready in the road the 15th instant, but it is said, that Mons. de Guichen not having found his instructions sufficiently explicit, has sent to Versailles for an explanation.

The fleet is ready to leave Brest under the orders of Mons. de Guichen, who is embarked in the Bretagne. Mons. de Cry, in the Ville de Park Mons. de Beauflett, in the Invincible. Mons. de la Motte Piquet, who was ready to go on a cruize, hath received other orders, and is now to proceed with all the fleet. There are now in the road twenty fail of the line : Three arrived from Rochford, and the Majestieux from Cadiz. W9 hear that the Spanish fleet is near the coast of Gascony.

Mons. de Guichen was to fail from Brest on the 20th, upon a cruize, as it was supposed into the bay, with eighteen fail of the line, several of which are bqt indifferently manned and ill fitted for the sea.

2d July. - - - The whole of the grand Spanish fleet returned to Cadiz the

8th of June, without having detached any /hips to join the French squadron at Brest. By accounts received from that port, the French squadron mull have put to lea between the 20th and 25th instant.

3d July. - - - On the 20th of last month the French fleet, con filing of

eighteen ships of the line, three of which are of three decks, and eight frigate ?, put to sea under the command cf ivionfteur de Guichen, but were

t. hliyetl

A. 1782. DEBATES. gif

obliged to return in the afternoon. This fleet was to fail again the following day, and to be joined off Rochford by the Jlluftre, St. Michell, and Amphion, with the vessels under their convoy, which they are to escort as far as Cape Finisterre, and then go to Ferrol, and wait the arrival of the Spanish fleet, and of the Majestieux.

3d July. - - - 7 ' he Brell fleet waits only to be ' joined by the Illuitre and

St. Michell from Rochford, and then will go to sea.

4th July. — - The fleet under the command of Monsieur de Guichen, confiding of twenty - two ships of the line, and of a great. number of frigate ?, are to join the Spaniards off Ushant. Monsieur de la Motte Piquet will command a squadron of fifteen ships, five of which are to be taken from the Spaniards : he will separate from the fleet at a certain latitude, to go upon a secret expedition; Minorca is thought to be the object.

4th July. - - - It is supposed, Monsieur de Guichen received his orderson

the 20th, and that he will go to sea immediately.

4th July. - - - Monsieur de Guichen failed the 20th of June from Brest;

with twenty fail of the line, and nine frigates. Two ships from Rochford, with the St. Michell and Amphion from L ’ Orient, with the convoy from the Isle of Aix, are to join him. The Majesiieux is not come to Brest, but will join the fleet off Cape Finillcrre.

The English fleet was seen by the Atalanta on the 16th to the weft of Scilly. Monsieur de Guichen has orders to attack them, upon a preemption of their weakness.

7th July. - - - The fleet failed from Brest the 23d of June in the morning,

with a fair wind.

When it returned into Brest water on the 20th, the Magnifique and Terrible ran on board each other, and were both damaged.

7th July. - - - Monsieur de Guichen failed with a force from Brest the 23d

of June; said to consist of from eighteen to twenty - two fail of the line, and several frigates; his dellination not certainly known, but is given out to be for Ferrol or Cadiz.

9th July. —The French fleet, confiding of eighteen fail of the line, commanded by Monsieur de Guichen, failed from Brest on the 23d of June, upon a cruize, into the Bay of Biscay.

9th July. —Abflratt of the French fleet which failed under the command of Monsieur de Guichen, on the 23d of June.

Ships of no guns of 80 of 74 of 70 of 64.

Frigates —— 3

Cutters — ■ 3

4

1

8

1

4

18

16th July. ——Lift of the ships of war under the command of Monsieur de Guichen, now in the road of Brest, which are to proceed to sea the fir# fair wind.

la

jjtd PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

Guns. Guns.

La Bretagne 110 L ’ Aftif 74

‘ Le Majestieux 110 L ’ Uluftre 74

Le Terrible no L ’ Hardi 64

Le Royal Louis no Le Guerier 74

L ’ Invincible 104 L Alexandre 64

Le Robufte 74 L ’ Indien 64

Le Fcndant 74 Le Lyon 64

w La Magnifique 74 Le St. Michel 64

Le Roulier 74 L ’ Amazone 32

' Le Bien Aime 74 La Bellone 32

Le Triomphant 80

The four last axe coppered, and are to proceed to India.

19th July.. —It is known from Rochford and Bourdeaux, that Monsieur de Guichen has not passed near that coast, which makes it believed that the fleet has taken some other rout, probably to lock out for a large English convoy soon expected.

Zift July. —Monsieur de Guichcn has no orders to attack any of the English ports; his fleet consists at present but of seventeen ships of the line, and five frigates, and are poorly manned. He was obliged to take with him six hundred raw soldiers, for want of the necessary compliment of seamen. The Lion and St. Michel ], which at first made part of his fleet, have been detached upon other service.

Admiralty - Office, 6th February, 17S2.

Substance of the intelligence received of the French armament at Brest, at

any time from the month of September to the failing of Rear Admiral

Kempenfelt, on the 6th of December, 1781.

Prepared in pursuance of an order of the lion. House of Commons, dated the 24th January, 1782.

Substance of the Intelligence.

Received 1 ith September, 1781. - - - The combined fleets are to cruize

to the weft of the south part of Ireland from eighty to one hundred leagues, and to keep in the stream of the English Channel till the end of September.

4th October. - - - At Brelt they are employed in repairing the ships that

stand in need of it, which when done, two squadrons are to be formed, one of ten fail is to be commanded by Mons. Vaudreuil who is to carry them to Cadiz to join the Spaniards; the other is to be under the command of Mons. dc la Mothe Piquet, to proceed on a cruize and form a squadron of observation.

5th October. - —The Marquis de Vaudreuil is going to the West Indies to command; Belcombe to be general and commander in chief.

6th October. - - - Letters from Brest of the 21st of September speakonly

of the dispatch with which they are repairing the ships.

8th October. ——The Bretagne, Terrible, Gucner, Protcclcur, Alexandre, and Hardi are arrived at Brest; the three last arc armes in flute.

Transports are provided to carry fourteen thousand men to New England.

8th October. - - - The combined fleets are soon to separate, the Spanish

commander in chief having received orders to be at Cadiz, before the 12th

A. 1782

DEBATES.

321

of September. The Brest fleet under the command of Mons. de Guichen, after being reinforced by some ships of the line, will put to sea again the banning of October; they are to give convoy to 10, 000 troops who are at Breil ready for embarkation, as far as a certain latitude. One hundred pieces of cannon of 48, 36, and 24 pounders, and a quantity of powder, bombs, balls, and other implements of war are to be embarked with the troops.

7 ' his formidable armament is supposed to be destined for America and the East Indies.

The Bretagne and the A&if are gone into the bafou being in want of repair. The Terrible and the Royal Louis muftallogo into the bason for the same reason. —Six ships of the line are to escort the numerous convoy which have been preparing at Bred.

13• h October. - - - Orders arc given to make the greatest dispatch at Brest

and Rochford in refitting the ships for the East and West Indies.

16th October. - - - The Courronne is mailed and coppered and is to be commanded by Mons. de la Motte Piquet.

The Pegasus of 74 guns will be launched the 15th or 20th of October.

There are now in the port of Brest on the careen, or ready to be careened, ihe Bretagne, Terrible, Magnifique, Prote&eur, Dauphin Royal, Ro - bulte, Gucrier, and Alexander, the two last are armes cn flute. The Tri - omphant mull be refitted. The Invincible is not a good ftiip. The fleet will not be ready to fail in more than a month.

16th October. —— All the operations at Brest and Rochford tend to enable the convoy destined \ for America to fail as soon as possible. Trans - ports are daily arriving at Brest for the embarkation of the troops, which upon the whole will amount to i2, oco men, those who had been in the grand fleet being added. Sixty transport vessels are already arrived and more expected, but as they will not be sufficient, the following ships of war, viz. Protecteur, Gucrier, Alexander and Hardi, will be employed for the fame purpose.

Mons. de la Motte Piquet is to have only ten ships of the line in case it Hull be necciTary for him to go to Cadiz, for the three other ships belonging to his squadron are not fit for service during this campaign.

19th October. - - - Pour snips at Brest, viz. the Lyon, Alexander, Hardi,

and Guerier, armes cn flute are to carry out stores. The number of ships ordered are eighteen of the line. A number of ships are got into Brest from St. Malo and Nantz. Four ships of the line from Rochford are at the Isle of Aix, ready for sea.

A large train of artillery is shipping at Brest; Mons. de Vaudreuil is ordered to that port and will fail sooner than was at first ordered, as every exertion is made.

19th October. —The armament at Brest only waits for orders to fail and is spoken of as a very formidable fleet both in point of ships and the numbers on board. It is cxpe&ed they will fail about the middle of this month, but their destination is kept very secret. It is said 3000 men will be sent to the East Indies; Mons. de Vaudreuil will conduct those forces with four ships of the line. —The troops engaged by the Dutch East India company will probably fail at the same time.

The Courronne is gone out of the bason; the Hardi and Alexander are to be armes en flute; the Lyon is yet in the bafen, and is likewise to be armes en flute, but the Guerier and Prote&eur will not be fitted out in that man -

ner t, c intended

T t

it

322 PARLIAMENTARY A. ! 782.

It b thought MciiT. dcGuichen will fail with the Marquis de Yaudreuil to a certain latitude, and then quit him for Cadiz.

19th October. - - - The ten ft : ips which are to proceed from Brest to Cadiz

are ready to put to sea, but they fear meeting the English fleet.

■ 19th October. - - - The squadron for the Islands cannot. be got in readmefs

to fail before the end of November.

The Courronne will soon be ready. The Pcgafus will be in the water ia a little time. ' I he Triumphant came into port the 3d of October.

28th October. - : - - The bottoms of the Terrible, Protc&cur, iGuericr, and

Majestieux, are to be coppered.

The Hardi and Alexander arc ilill to be armes en flute, and their gnu to be put into their holds.

28th October. —Of the nineteen ships which are to compose Mcnf. de Guithen ' s squadron, ten are cojne into the harbour; the Magnifique is the only one in the road; the Dauphin Royal will proceed thither to - morretv.

The Hardi and Alexander are armes en flute; the Terrible, Bretagne, Tiiomphant, Protcdleur and Gucrier, were to go into the bason the next tide, the two la A to be coppered, and the others to repair their damages.

2Sth Cdober. - - - Orders arrived at Brest the 17th of October, to haftea

the ships destined for the 1 Hands.

The Hardi a d Alexander, armes en flute, arc commanded by auxilliary lieutenants.

All the ships in the road take in six months provisions.

Veflbls arc daily arriving from St. Malo, Nantz, and Bourdeaux, and are loading to take the benefit of the convoy. The Pegasus was launched the 13th, and is gone into the bason to be coppered, and the Guericr to be rebuilt. The Bretagne was prevented going in for want of water. The Terrible is to he coppered. The Triomphant wants repair ., and being hove down carclef ly, had like to have funk in the harbour.

31ft OClobrr. - - - Twelve flips < ? f the line are quite complete at Brest;

the troops, amounting to 12, coo, which are to embark in the expedi ion, are arrived. All the artillery is shipped, and the fleet will fail by the loch of November.

3d November. - - - The embarkation of the troops at Brest, and the con -

voy destined for the West Indies, appear to be retarded, and to be subject to great and innumerable difficulties. Mons. de Vaudrcuil is not a little ombrrrafled with regard to the ' complrment of his squadron, which is to consist, upan the whole, in ten ( h : p % four of which are to be armes en flute, and a great part of them mini undergo a very expensive repair, before they will be able to hold out a new campaign. To get, however, a sufficient number of men for that service, orders have been given to press a pro - ' portir nable number of vintagers, in the diitri&s of Nantz and Bourdeaux. As alJ the fkps will be much lumbered, and consequently unable torefiftin case of an attack, Mons. de A audreuil is supposed to put off failing from Brest, till lie i :. sure the British fleet have returned into port.

3d November. - - - The advises from Brest speak only of the dispatch they

are making to equip the fleet fitting out there for sea.

12th November. - - - h ive ships of the line are to be added to the fqnadroa

destined for the attack of Jamaica. The 15th of November was the day fixed for the failing of the fleet from Brest.

14th November. - - - Every thing was embarked on board the ships bythi

beginning of November; two of their ships have run on beard each other in a gale of wind, one of which is so damaged, she cannot go to sea, and will

bo

A. 17S2. DEBATES.

be replaced by another ship, if one can be got ready. Eighteen ships of the line, with two armes en flute.

17th November. —The squadron under Mons. de Vaudreuil are to go directly to Bollon, and the squadron commanded by Mons. cie la Motto Piquet, which is to confid of leven fail of the line, is dellined to intercept the convoys the English arc expelling.

The squadron under Mons. de Guichen will be ready by the icth or 2Cth of November, and is to confill of eighteen h ive ship and fix frigates.

Mons. de Vaudreuil is to separate off Madeira with fix ships and two fr igates, and to escort a convoy of 200 fail to the West Indies.

2ill November. ——The armament preparing at Brcll is destined to join Mons. de Grade upon the coalt of America, after having touched at Alartinico. The armament is to confiit of eight fail of the line, bolides frigates and transports; is to take on board about 3000 land forces, including recruits for the regiments now in America, and will be ready to ' put to lea about Chrillmar. It is now said, it will be commanded by Mons. de la Motte Piquet, and not by Mons. de Vaudreuil.

22d November. - - - Mons. de Vaudreuil is to fail considerally sooner

than was expected, and the 20th is now fixed.

Every pofhble exertion is used to get avvav Mons. de Vaudreuil; and it is more and more evident his dellination is for the Ead Indes. A convoy For the West Indies will fail probably at the same time, or soon after the 20th indant.

The appearances which have led the public to believe Mons. de Vaudreuil was going to the Rail Indies, were mere contrivances to deceive. There is now the greatcll reason to believe he is going welhvard, and moll probably to act in conjunction with a Spanish force, going also from Europe, and mod likely against Jamaica.

27th November. - - The fleet from Brcll, confiding of nineteen ships

and an immense convoy, will fail from thence the 20th, or 25th of November. They will divide when at sea into three squadrons : Mons. de Vaudreuil, with fix ships and four frigates, will escort the convoy to Mar - tinico; Mons. dc Guichen, with ( even of the larged ships, will proceed to Cadiz; and Mons. de la Motte Piquet, with fix ships and two frigates, is to proceed upon a particular service. The troops, and provisions of all kinds, are embarking.

3d December. - - - The fleet from Bred may possibly put to fca the end

of November, or beginning of December. Its ( LilinatLn is for the West Indies, and its fr - l object an attack upon Jamaica, in conjunction with the Spaniards at the Ilavannah. Twelve thousand men are at Brcll, in readu ness to embark at the shortell notice.

4th December. - - - It is difficult to forrrt any fixed idea of the dedina -

tion of the fleet and forces, which are preparing with great efforts to get them in readiness. The ships at Brcll are already allotted to Mons. de Vaudreuil and Mons. de la Motte Piquet; and, it is said, this lait squadron is to be dispatched to succour Spain, in case the British fleet should fail to the Mediterranean, which makes it difiicult to say what number of ships will be left for foreign service; yet it is thought Mons. de Vaudreui l will not have more than ten, or ultimately twelve. A large convoy is in readiness at Brcll for the West Indies, and another preparing at Rochelle for the East Indies, to n£l in conceit with the Dutch troops. Mons, do Guichen remains in the Bretagne, commander of the fleet at Bred.

The dellination of Mons. de Vaudreuil is strongly confirmed for the West Indies, and firil for Martiniro. The fix ships 1 of the line, and coco

jDi dbykjOOgie troops.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

trcops, going from Cadiz, arc intended for the fame quarter, probably to act again It Jamaica. It is said Mons. de Vaudreuil will be ready about the 30th of November.

It is certain Mons. de Vaudreuil, and the greatest part of the force, preparing at. Brest, is deltined for the West Indies, as well as the money lately purchased by government. Mons. de Vaudreuil cannot be ready by the v > th; and if he is to wait for the ships from Bourdeaux, he cannot fail before the end of the year.

N. B, Rear Admiral Kempenfelt fai ’ ed from Spithead the 2d of December; the intelligence received at this office from that day to the 6th of that month is neveitheless added, in obedience to the orders of die House.

Admiralty - Office, 5th Feb. 1782.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby, to Mr. Stephens, dated cn

board his Majesty’s ship the Britannia oft ’ St. Helens, the 13th March,

1781.

You will be pleased to acquaint my Lords Comm ? dinners of the Admiralty, that I am got without St. Helens with the ftiips and vefi ’ eis of the squadron their Lordships have put under my command.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby, to Mr. Stephen ', dated on board the Britannia off Cape Clear, 23d of March, 1781.

My last to you, was on the 14th instant, when between Portland and the Start.

On the 15th, I dispatched the La PruJente and Phcafant, the frft off, and the latter into Cork, to order Captain Inglis out with thecomoy. The 16th, I sent the Moniieur off the Old Head of Kinfale; these two ships were defgned to conduct the convoy to me, so as to form an easy junction.

Before day on the 17th, the wind drew to the southward, lo that at day light I thought it highly prudent to order the Medway and Flora to take tire convoy into Coik; at the same time, with the Ring ' s ships, to stand to sea, and get an offing; since which, the winds have kept between he West and S. S. E. which prevents the convoy’s attempting to come out, and we from junking free with the land.

I herewith transmit you an account of what intelligence has been obtained by vessels spoke with, and the last slate given in of his Majesty’s squadron under my command.

A.

The Kite Hoop, on the 19th of M. rch, spoke with a Swede, bound from Alicant to Masterland, who gave an account that the combined Hects of France and Spain, had been out ( confiding of thirty - four line of battle ships ) but had put back again in a g. de of tvind.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby, to Mr. Stephens, dated off Cape Spartcl, nth April, 1781.

Sir,

The last opportunity I had of writing to you, was off Cap# Clear in Ireland. It was not in my power to inform my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty of our junction with the convoy o. t the 27th ult. it blowing fresh to the N. E. and late before we got together.

Extract

A. 1782. DEBATES. 32$

Extract of a letter from Vice - Amiral Darby, to Mr. Stephens, dated 22 < i ' April, 1781.

Early on the morning of the 1 ith in ft ant, wc saw three fail at a diflan ce from each other; I sent the Alexander, Foudroyant and Minerva, to chace. Captain Fielding, who came up the neareil to thenv, said they were three frigates which mad£ into Cadiz, where he counted thirty - three fail of large ships, fix of them had flags and distinguishing pendants, with a number of small ships and craft of all kind.

Yesterday morning I made the signal for the Foudroyant to stand towards Cadiz, the wind would not permit her to fetch it, but Captain Jervis is certain nothing was off the port, from which, with the inrelligence herewith transmitted, their Lordships will fee that the Spanish fleet mull certainly be in port.

B.

Intelligence.

The Lyon spoke a ship on the 16th April, 1781, whose matter reports, that he left Cadiz the day before, when there were twenty - eight fail of the line, ready for sea; they had been out forty - eight hours, and put back again, and were rather sickly.

Another matter spoke with; reports that thirty - four fail of the line, five frigates, and four cutters, were in Cadiz bay, and made an appearance of coming out the 12th; they came to an anchor again, and were reported to intend filling the 15th.

The Foudroyant spoke a ship on the 19th April, out one day from Cadiz, the matter reports that there were thirty - three fail of the line, two of them of three decks, all ready for sea, but very sickly, laying in Cadiz bay.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Britannia, at St. Helens, the 2ill May, 1781.

I inclose the account given by a Swede, spoke with yesterday.

c.

Intelligence received by Captain Peyton, of his Majesty’s ship Cumberland, from a Swedish ship, bound from Cadiz to Stockholm, on the 20th May, ! 781 -

The matter of the Swede fays, that the Spanish fleet, after cruizing three months, returned to Cadiz on the 6th of April last, while he was thete, con - < fitting of thirty - three fail of the line, fix frigates, and three cutters.

That he failed the 20th of April, from Cadiz; the whole of the Spanish fleet were then there : no talk of failing : no French men of war among them $ but there were fix American vessels, not exceeding fourteen guns.

Extrail s of such parts of Vice Admiral Darby’s instructions on his failing with the fleet in July as relate to his endeavouring to prevent the junction of the French and Spanish squadrons, dated zift June, 1781. v

Whereas the homeward - bound convoy from Jamaica was off Tory Island the ill instant, on its way round the North coail of Scotland; and whereas, from intelligence we have received there is reufon to believe that Mons. de la Motte Piquet has not failed from Brett, as was originally intended, but is Hill waiting there for a large rein for comeijj of flops of the line, before he

proceeds

326 PARLIAMENTARY A. i7$u

proceeds le Tea. You are hereby required and directed to return immediately with the squadron under your command off Sciliy, and cruize between those islands and the Lizard, until joined by the ships named in the margin, or To many of them as, with those now with you, will make up eighteen fail of the line; when you are to proceed off Brelt, and ufc your bell endeavours to prevent the enemy’s ships in that road from getting out, or any others from joining them from Rochfort, Toulon, or elsewhere, until you receive further order.

Extract ofa letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Darby, respecting his instructions of the 2ill June, - 1781, dated 12th July, 1781.

4 ( To carry into execution the instructions you are under, attending dili - gently to the several important objects pointed out to you in those in - ltructions; but to consider the bringing the French fleet, under the 4t command of Mons. De Guichen, to a battle, as the principal object of your attention.

Admiralty - Office, 6th February, 1782.

Extracts from Vice Admiral Darby’s letters to Mr. Stephens, as contain his reasons for leaving his station in Augull 1701, with extracts, and a copy of Mr. Stephens’s answers.

Extract of a letter from Vice Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated on board his Majesty’s ship Britannia, 17th August, 1781.

Be pleased to acquaint my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that the mailer of a brig, brought me last night the account ( which his journal confirmed ) That 6n Tuelclay lait at half pall twelve, being lat. 47 deg. 31 min. Ion. to deg. 21 Well from London, he was brought to by a frigate u ider Spanish colours, flic belonged to a large fleet of ships of near ninety fail, forty of which at lead were of the line; the wind then was N. by W. or N. N. W. and they Handing to the N. E. upon a wind, which seems to indicate that they w ' ere intended for the English Channel. In consequence of which I have consulted with Rear Admiral Ross, and Commodore Elliot; the result is to make the bell of my way up the Channel with the squadron under my ’ command, to make Ulhant, keeping on the southern fide of the Channel, and haul over to the English shore so as to make Portland, bearing N.

Vjftory

Couragcaux

Valiant

Cumberland

Alexander

O/can

Foudroyant

Conqueror

Admiralty - Office, 6th Feb. 1782.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board his Majesty’s ship the Britannia, in Torbay, the 25th August, 1781.

My last to you, was by the Defiance armed brig; you will inform my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, since that time I have not been able to procure any kind of intelligence concerning the combined fleets of the enemy. I proceed up Channel agreeable to my former letter.

Last night we had feme very heavy squalls of wind, in which the Queen loll her main - yard, and the Courageaux sprung her fore - yard, with several lesser accidents to the squadron. There being a prospect of its continuing to blow *, have thought it proper to consult with Rear - Admiral Ross, and Commodore Ell. ott, the most proper Hep to be taken, jwhich is to anchor

2 Jjere

A. 1782. DEBATES. 527

here with the squadron, to prevent more accidents, and being drove to the eastward of this place; I have left the Juno frigate off the Start, and sent the Alarm off Portland, in case their Lordships should have sent any dispatches that way.

I mean to flay here, provided there is no shift of wind, for their Lordships further commands.

Extract of a letter from Mr. Stephens, to Vice - Admiral Darby, dated 27th

August, 1781.

I received only yesterday morning, by Lieutenant Cadman, your dispatches of the 17 th instant, giving an account of the intelligence you have received from the mnfter of a brig, of a large fleet, confiding of, at lead forty line of battle ships, being seen on Tuesday, the 14th instant, in lat. 47. 31. long, lo. 21. Handing to the N. E. which, indicating their being intended for the English Channel, had determined you to make the bed of your way up Channel, with the squadron under your command; and at near 12 o ’ clock lad night, I received by Lieutenant Tyler, your dispatch of the 25th inst. giving an account of your arrival with the squadron in Torbay; I loft no time in laying the fame before my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, who, in return, command me to acquaint you, that, from the general tenor of the advices received of the combined fleet, which failed from Cadiz on the 21ft ult. there L no reason to doubt its having bent its course towards Gibraltar, with a view, it was supposed, to attack that place; but from the latest accounts received, it now ieems the armament is destined against Minorca; part of the fleet having passed through the Streights, and the remainder left to cruize, to prevent any succours being sent from England. There is one letter indeed ( i. s you will fl e by the inclosed extracts ) which fays, the combined fleet was exp Tied to cruize on the French coast, and in the Channel; but there are no accounts from any other quarter that corroborate it. From this view of the intelligence that has been received, their. Lordships cannot give credit to the account delivered to you by the master of the brig, more el ' pecinlly as it does not Item to them likely, that the combined fleet could have come from Cadiz, or the Streights mourh, so far to northward as he deferibes, without been fern by some of the flaps of your squadron; or that, if it was fleering the courlc he mentioned on the 14th indant, it should not have been fecn c r heard of iince. And therefore, as you have already been apprized that the Jamaica fleet ( supposed to be the •mod valuable one that ever came from thence ) was to fail the beginning of July, and may consequently be very loon expected on our co. ifl; I have it in command from their Lordships, to flgniry their directions to you, to put to sea again, with the squadron under your command, as expeditiously as possible, and cruize on such station as you dial ! judge most proper for the protection of the said Jamaica fleet; accompanying it, when you join it, as far as shall be judged necessary for its f. curity; and fending some of your frigates with that part of it which is bound into St. George ' s Channel, to fee die ships in safety to the jespective ports of their dcltinat. on.

Extra# of a letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice - Admiral Darby, dated 29th August, 17S1.

1 My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty having this day received some advices, in which among other things, mention is made of a large convoy having failed from the Isle of Rhe the 9th indant, I am commanded by their Lordships to fend you the inclosed extra# of the said advices for your information, and to acquaint you that they think it very probable that the

convo/

328 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

convoy above - mentioned was the fleet seen the 14th instant, of which the

brig gave you the account mentioned in your letter of the 17th.

c.

The transports having finished to take the troops, and every thing on board, failed on the 9th of August from the Isle of Rhe, with the eicort I sent you an account of, the number of vessels about one hundred fail, with the ships for the EaH - Indies, and other settlements, and some American vc llels.

Admiralty - Office, 31ft Auguff, 1782# Copy of a letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice - Admiral Darby.

Sir,

I have received and communicated to my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, your letters of the 29th instant; and I am commanded by their Lordships to signify their direction to you, notwithstanding former orders, to remain in Torbay with the squadron under your command, until you shall have received more authentic accounts of the fleet mentioned in the advices, which they underhand from Lord Shuldham he has transmitted to you.

It is their Lordships direction, that you take his Majesty’s ship the Recovery under your command, and also the Minerva, when she returns from reconnoitring the above - mentioned fleet, upon which service she has been sent by Lord Shuldham.

If you are fntisfied from the reports that will be brought by the ships which his Lordship has sent to reconnoitre the above fleer, and which he will communicate to you, that it is really the combined fleet of France and Spain, it is their Lordships further direction, that you detach two or more frigates to cruize on different flat ions, such as you shall judge moll likely for falling in with the homeward bound convoys expected from Jamaica and the Leeward Islands; inllrutling the commanders of the said fr. gates to apprize the commanding officers of those convoys of their danger, and to recommend it to them to proceed round the north of Ireland and Scotland, fending into Leith for intelligence, if they do not fall in with any frigates off the Orkneys, or the north of Scotland, and governing themselves by such intelligence as they may gain in proceeding cn to the isore, or putting into Leith, or some other port to the northward; for further orders from whence they are to send to me, for their Lordships information, an account, by express, of their arrival and proceedings.

Their Lordships have recommended to Lord Shuldham to dispatch the Quebec and Cerberus, if there shall be occasion to procure further intelligence, or to employ them on any other service he shall judge necessary in the present critical jun&urc, transmitting to you all such intelligence as he may obtain relative to the above fleet; and they have further recommended it to him to use cv ry possible exertion to get the Hercules and Dublin into the Sound, and to prepare them for the sea, directing their commanders to hold themselves in conilant readiness for failing.

Their Lordships have directed Vice - Admiral Evans to fend the Arrogant immediately to Torbay, directing her captain to put himself under your command. It is therefore their directions, that you take him and the said ship under your command accordingly, until you receive further orders.

I have the honour to be. Sir,

Your moll obedient humble servant,

PHILIP STEPHENS.

Vice - Admiral Darby, Torbay,

• ( Copy

A > 1782. DEBATES. 329

Copy of a letter from the Mayor of Bristol to Mr. Stephens, upon the subject of the combined fleets *

Sir,

In consequence of certain intelligence received here this morning, by ev - press from Lord Shuldham, that the combined fleets were lately seen in the Channel, and are now supposed to be off Scilly, the merchants are greatly alarmed and have applied to me to request their Lordships will be pleased to take proper measures for protecting the homeward bound Jamaica and Leeward island fleets; and have suggested, that if the Arethusa, now lying in this port ready for failing, was to be dispatched for the purpose of giving information of their danger, very good consequences might accrue from it : which proportion I humbly submit to their Lordships consideration.

I have the honour to be,

Council - House, Sir,

Bristol, 27th Aug. 1781 Your very obedient fer van t,

William Miles, Mayor.

Philip. Stephens, Esqj

Copy of a letter from Mr. Stephens to the Mayor of Bristol, dated a8th

August, 1781.

Sir,

I have received, and read ' to my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, your letter of yesterday, in consequence of the information you had received of the combined fleet having been seen in the Channel; and in return, I am commanded to acquaint you, that their Lordships have reason to conclude, that the intelligence upon which the afore - mentioned information was given, has been without any foundation.

The fleet under the command of Vice - Admiral Darby has put into Torbay, in order to take on board such refreshments as they were in want of, but will return to sea, without loss of time, to cruize for the homeward bound Jamaica and Leeward Island fleets; the protection of which, is one of the great objects of his instruCUpns.

I am, &c.

Extra# of instructions from the Lords of the Admiralty to Vice - Admiral Darby, dated 7th September, 1781.

Whereas it appears, by a copy of a letter from Captain Caldwall, of his Majesty, s ship Agamemnon, to Vice - Admiral Lord Shuldham, dated the 31ft past, that he had fallen in with the combined fleet of France and Spain, within about thirty leagues of the Lizard; which, according to his calculation, might consist df from forty - four to forty - seven ships of the line, besides frigates and smaller vessels; which account nearly agrees, in point of numbers, with what is contained in a list which the Earl of Hills - Dorough had received of the French and Spanifti ships which failed from Cadiz the latter end of July last; copies of which letter and lift, are trans - mitted to you in our Secretary’s letter of this date. And whereas there is reason to believe, that the said fleets are cruizing with a view to intercept the homeward bound trade of his Majesty’s subjects, which may be soon expected from the Leeward Islands and Jamaica; or with an intention to xfeake a defeent upon Ireland, or both : you are, in pursuance of his Ma -. Vol. v. UD tlzedb,

330 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S *

jesty ' s pleafuie, signified to us by the said Earl, hereby required and directed to observe the following instructions.

You are to put to Tea. from Torbay the first moment wind and weather shall permit, with such force as you shall then have with you, and without waiting for any further reinforcement.

You are to endeavour to get fight of the combined fleets.

As their superiority is so great, you are to avoid an engagement with them; which your copper bottom ftiips and the supposed foolness of the 1 Spanish ships, will enable you to do. But, in case you shall ftnd the enemy so far weakened, by having made detachments, or by other reparation of their ships, as shall afford you an opportunity of attacking then with probability of success, you are to avail yotrrfelf of such opportunity.

You are to consider the protection of the Leeward Islands and Jamaica homeward bound Beets, and the prevention of a defeent upon Ireland, as your principal objects.

The King having the fu lie ft reliance upon your bravery, ability, and experience, is pleased to leave the measures of obtaining those objects, whether by attack or diversion, to your judgment and determination.

Copy of an order from the Lords of the Admiralty to Vice - Admiral Darby, dated 28 th September, 1781.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireltuid, &c.

Intelligence having been received that the combined fleets of France and Spain are gone back to Bretl and Cadiz; that the Leeward Island fleet is arrived safe in Ireland; and that the fleet from Jamaica is not expededfoi a considerable time; and it having been judged expedient, under all those circumstances, that the squadron under your command should be ordered into port to refit, for such service as may be required. You are, in pursuance of the King’s pleasure, signified to us by the Earl of Hillsborough *

one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, hereby required and di -

reeled to return immediately with the iquadron under jrour command tl Spithead, accordingly; remaining there until you receive further order, t and fending to our Secretary an account of your arrival and proceedings.

Given under our hands the 28th September, 178. 1.

To George Darby, Esq; SANDWICH,

Vice - Admiral of the White, LISBURNE,

&c. &c. &c. at sea. BAMBER GASCOYNE.

' By command of their Lordships,

PHILIP STEPHENS.

Original, b ? the Porto fToop.

Duplicate, Griffin or Rambler emtter.

Triplicate, by the Aurora.

Quadruplicate, by the Aftrca.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice - Admiral Darby, dated

2 2d October,. 178 *.

Sir,

I a ' m commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to signifV their direction, that you return into port immediately on receipt hereof, with fi ’ " of his Majesty’s ships under your command, ia ostler

f their

A. 1782. DEBATES, 331

their being refitted for sea with all possible expedition; directing such of them as you shall think proper, to proceed to Plymouth; and repairing yourself with the rest to Spithea. 1, for that purpose.

I am, Sif, your moil obedient humble servant,

Philip Stephens.

Vice - Admiral Darby, at sea.

By the Seaford, from whose Captain the Vice - Admiral appears to have received it on the ift November.

Extracts from Vice - Admiral Darby’s letter to Mr. Stephens, as contain the state and condition of the ships under his command, on their return from their cruize in November 1781.

Extra ft of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Britannia off Cape Clear, the 19th October 1781.

Be pleased to acquaint my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that the Royal George, Foudroyant, and Emerald, make a disagreeable and inconvenient quantity of water, particularly about their bows, and which will certainly require their being taken into dock; as will the Ambuscade, whose wants cannot be repaired afloat. The Dublin has loft her bowfpiit, otherwise our accidents have been only in the imaller way; but, according to custom, shall have a great demand for fails.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Darby to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Britannia at Spithead, the 6th November 1781.

I have nothing to communicate to my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, but our anchoring here this morning; and so far as I am able to judge, the whole of the squadron under my command, destined here, is arrived. The ships having come in at different times, cannot fend the state and condition of them, but should suppose Sir Thomas Pye will do it.

Information respecting the squadron under the command of Vice - admiral Parker, in his operations against the Dutch.

Vaisseaux qui fe trouvent a la Rade du Texel, 1 November, 1780.

Con - truit. Noras des Vaifieaux. Canons Homines Conunandeturs. 1 0 X

1 764 Am Herd am 64 450 Am. Comte de Byland 1

2 < 759 Nassau, 66 420 Cap. Rift veld z

3 Batavia, 56 300 Cap. de Bentinck ' O

4 1769 Princesse Louise 56 33 ° Cap. Binkes 2 m

5 1760 Nassau Weilbourg 56 3 ° ° Cap. Kratz. 5 a

6 1768 Pfs. Wilhelmine 56 300 Cap. Xdfinga I

7 1772 Argo 40 i7d Cap. Staring U

Sj « 7J7 Dieren 36 230jCap. Cperman O

Digged

VaifleuK

$3 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

Vaisseaux qui fe trouvent a la Radc du Texel, i November, 1780.

9 10 11 12 13 Con - ftrJt. Noms des Vaifl ' eux. w I C O I w ! Hommes Commandeurs. a ' V u 3 a S < m H U d m V A

1769 1765 1771 1769 774 Mars Thetis Valck Waakfaamheit Alarm 36 230 26I5o 26 I5O 26 I 5O 26 50 Comte de Byland C. p. Spingler Cap. Silvester Comte de Richtejron Cap. Muller

14 15 16 763 77 > 1770 Vaisseaux qui fe trouve Admiral General Admiral Ruyter Erf Prins nt deva 7655 ° 66 45c 56 300 tnt Amsterdam. Vice Admiral Hartflnk Contre Admiral Zoutman Cap. Dedal

io 1 [1768 759 ! « 7~2 Vaisseaux Employes av Beverwyck Zwiden jason IX 1 36 44 36 [ nde 23c 250 s Occidentalis. Cap. Brodt Cap. Naumann

. Defoliation of the Dutch ships of war afhially ready or near it, cording to the present plan, November 1780.

For the West Indies,

St, Euftatius,

Rear Admiral Crull,

2 of 68 As they are lately called; for it is to be obfirrved, the

1 54 Dutch ships they have added a swivel, or any sort of

1 36 [ gun, more, have been raised in their rank, though the

1 24 J ships are the fame.

Curacoa. a of J4

36

Surinam.

2 of 24

For Li ( bon.

Eflequibo, 1 of 24

Rear Admiral Count Byland.

1 of 68 2 of 36

54 24

For the Mediterranean,

Rear Admiral Binkes.

1 of 54 2 of 36

for Morocco. For Algiers,

I of 24 44

Far

A 1781 DEBATES 33J

For the North Sea, the Channel, the Texel, and the Ports of the Republic Vice Admiral Hartfinck, and Rear Admiral Zoutitian. a of 76 1 of 54 1 of 36

1 68 1 44 1 34

Total 28

At Helvoetfluys,

I Cuardship of 70, x

Copy of Vice Admiral Parker’s appointment to the command upon Vice Admiral Darby’s leaving the Channel, in March 1781.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, See.

Having directed Vice Admiral Milbanke to repair forthwith to Plymouth, and taking upon him the command of his Majesty’s ships and vessels at that port, carry on the duty thereof during the absence of Lord Shuldham, you are hereby required and directed to deliver to the said Vice Admiral, all such unexecuted orders as may remain in your hands; and then to repair, without loss of time, to Spithead, and, hoisting your flag on board his MajestyV Clip the Vittory, remain there until you receive further orders.

Given under our hands the 15th March, 1781.

SANDWICH,

H. PENTON,

C. F. GREVILLE *

To Hyde Parker, Esq;

Vice Admiral of the Blue, Sec♦ at Plymouth.

By command of their Lordflrips,

PHILIP STEPHENS,

Extracts from Vice Admiral Parker’s letters to Mr. Stephens, and copies of his answers to the Vice Admiral, as contain information relative to the Dutch squadron, and their movements, to the Vice Admiral’s requifi - tions, and the Admiralty’s intentions of fending reinforcements in time.

Extrafi of a letter from Vice Admiral Parker to Mr. Stephens, dated at Spithead, the 17th May, 1781.

Should their Lord ships determine to fend the squadron under my command into the North Seas, I submit it to them whether the Buoy of the Gunfleet will not be the moil proper place of rendezvous for any ship which may be ordered to joiq me, or for the North Sea pilots that may be procured.

Copy of a letter from Mr, Stephens to Vice Admiral Parker, dated

2d June, 1781.

Sir,

Endofed you will receive, by direction of my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, copy of a letter, containing intelligence of the Dutch

334

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782,

from which you will observe the necessity there is of your proceeding to sea, in the execution of your orders, without the least lols of time.

I have a letter this moment from my friend at Amsterdam, who writes

me,

" The Dutch fleet are out, and am much afraid they will endeavour to attack our outward - bound East country fleet, which I am sorry to hear " are ' yet tying in Leith Roads. "

I prefame you will have been informed of this circumstance from other quarters, however, you will excuse this trouble.

I am, &c.

John Stephenson.

Phil. Stephens, Ffq; Admiralty.

Extrr. fl of a letter from Vice - Admiral Parker, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board his Majesty’s ship Fortitude, in the Downs, 3d June, 1781.

I arrived here in his Majesty’s ship Fortitude, with the rest named in the BientYifant, margin, time enough to acknowledge the receipt of their prncriV Amelia, Lordship’s order of the 3ift ult. by this day’s pod; in pur - ButUio, suance ofit, 1 have taken the Prelion and Dolphin under

Alert brig. my comman ( p

The Dolphin being a two decked ship, it may possibly be necessary to take her into the line of battle; in that case I shall have nothing under my com mund capable of repeating signals, the frigates ordered to join me being all appropriated to particular services.

Copy of a letter from Vice - Admiral Parker, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Fortitude off the Ihore, 31ft July, 1781.

Sir,

You will please to inform their Lordships, that in pursuance of - their orders of the 2d inilant, Commodore Stewart joined me on the coast of Norway, with the Berwick, Belle Poule, and Tartar, on the 16th instant, and delivered me your letter of intelligence of the fame date; but as their Lordftup’s orders reached him after he had been out eleven weeks on a cruize, these ships had neither water or provisions sufficient for ten days, which made it necessary for me to put into Fleckery in order to supply them.

On the 28th inilant 1 joined in Cattegate, Sir Hyde Parker, with the Baltic convoy, a lilt of whom I enciofe. This evening I received your let ter of the 23d inilant, by the Surprize cutter. Lieutenant Rivett, acquainting me, that their Lordships had received undoubted intelligence, that the Dutch squadron in the Texel were to fail from thence the first fair wind after the 15th, in order to convoy clear of the Orkneys, fix of their outward - bound Kail India ships, and also the Indienac, with several American vessels laden with cloathing and linen for the rebels in North America, then to return to the Texel; and that their Lordships had received information from Lieutenant Rivett, that the above - mentioned squadron had actually failed on the 18th or 19th inilant, their Lordships having no doubt pi their having proceeded round the Orkneys, and that they will return to

I am.

Phil. Stephens.

Vice Admiral Parker, Downs.

D.

Hull, 31ft May, 1781.

- A. 1782.

DEBATES.

335

he Texel. In consequence of this intelligence, lam also to acknowledge their Lordships order signified to me, that when I shall have passed the Texel, that I do immediately fend a frigate wiih the homeward - bound Baltic trade, and with the rest of the squadron under my command, cruize in such manner as I shall judge most proper to intercept the Dutch squadron above - mentioned.

In the execution of their Lordships order, I should have had a better prof - pe& of fucceO, if I could have considered myself as warranted to leave the convoy before I had passed the Texcl. The winds have been hitherto, since our junction, invariably in our teeth, and with this impediment, our progress has, and will be I fear, very ( low; but if the Dutch squadron are gone to the Orkneys, it is probable they will, before they return, take under their protection, three of their homeward - bound East indiamen, who are said to have arrived some time flnee at Drontheini, in that case I may yet hope to be early enough to meet with them.

I have ordered the Suryrize and Sprightly cutters to proceed immediately to cruise off the Texel, m order to procure intelligence, and to join me with any information they may gain, if the wind should be southerly to the southward of the Texel; if northerly, to the northward of it, at about ( even or eight leagues distance from the land.

The Buly cutter. Lieutenant Cotes, who is the bearer of this packet, has also orders for Captain Dickson, of the Sampson, to take under his command the Apollo and Myrmidon, and to join me on that llation without loss of a moment’s time.

On the ( eparation of that part of the convoy bound to Scotland, or the northern ports of England, it will be impracticable to furnifti them with such a force as I had proposed for their protection. I have ordered the Cabot and Leith armed ships to this charge, the rest will be under convoy of the Tartar and Alert, when I have passed the Texel.

I have ordered the squadron to be put upon two - thirds allowance of all species of provisions which they are deficient in the proportion of, for six weeks, that being the utmost extent of time they will lerve to.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary to the Admiralty, to ' Vice Admiral Parker, dated Admiralty - Office, 2d July, 1781.

Sir,

My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty having received intelligence, from whence it is conjectured, that the Distch fleet will put to sea in a few days, with a reinforcement, to cruize for the Baltic convoy, I herewith lend you by their Lordships directions, copy of the said intelligence for your information. And am to acquaint you, that in consequence thereof, their Lordships have sent directions to Commodore Stewart, to join you with the ships under his command, and follow your orders till your arrival in the Downs.

In case this shall reach you in the Firth of Forth, Captain Napier, to whom the Packet containing their Lordships directions for Commodore Stewart is transmitted, is to deliver the same to you, in order to your forwarding it to him in the most expeditious manner you can; with such further directions from yourself for his immediately joining, as you shall think proper for the occasion.

I am.

E.

33 *

A. 1782.

PARLIAMENTARY

E

Intelligence, 21ft June 17814

On parle dc faire resortir aux premiers jours Pefcadrc du Texel, avec un renfort de deux vaifl ' eaux de ligne & trois fregates. Elle ( era a ce qu ’ on a : Ture compofec de 20 vaifl ' eaux de guerre dc l ' Amiraute feu ! d ’ Amsterdam; fans compter ceux qui fe trouveradans Ies autres ports; et on fe fiatte qu ’ on allnnt en croiliere dans les mers du nord. Elle fera superieure aux forces Biitannique de ce cote la.

Admiralty - Office, 23d July, 1781.

Sir,

My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty having received undoubted intelligence, that the Dutch squadron in the Te > el, confiding of the num - ber and class of ships mentioned in the inclosed lid, were to fail from thence the fird fair wind after the 15th indant, in order to convoy, clear of the Orkneys, fix of their outward - bound Had India ships, and al the Indian1 ( now called the South Carolina ) with several American vessels laden with cloathing and linens for the rebels in North America, and then to return to the Texel. And their Lord ships having received information from Lieu - teriarit Rivctt, commanding t ie Surprize cutter, who was dationed off the Texel, and by whom you will receive this letter, that the squadron above mentioned did actually fail in the course of Wednesday last, or early on Thursday morning; I am commanded by their Lordships to acquaint yon therewith, and that as they have no doubts of their having proceeded round the Orkneys, ( though Lieutenant Rivett feeips to think they are come to the Southward ) and that they will return to the Texel, it is their Lord - ships direction, that you do, w hen you shall have passed the Texel, or in ode this letter meets you on this fide the Texel, that you do immediately fend a frigate to England with the homeward - bound Baltic trade; and with the rest of your squadron, cruize in such manner as you shall judge most likely to intercept the Dutch squadron above mentioned, on their return to Holland; and use your best endeavours to cake or destroy them.

Their Lordships hope, that Commodore Stewart, with his squadron from Shetland, will have joined you off the Catte gate, agreeable to the orders which were dispatched to him the 2d i nil ant; but if it be otherwise, they recommend it to you, to lose no time in forming a junction with him; and to that end, to dispatch the cutter a - head, with directions to him to meet you where you shall think fit to appoint; taking him, and the ships he can readily bring with him, under your command while you are employed oq this service.

I am farther to acquaint you, that their Lordships have ordered the Sampibn, with the Apollo and Myrmidon frigates, to proceed as loon as jx. fiible to the Gun fleet; and that their captains will be directed to join you without a moment’s delay, upon receiving orders from you for that purpose, if you can fix upon any rendezvous w here they will have a fair profpett of meeting with yon. Iam, Sir,

You 1 most obedient

humble Servant,

Vice - Admiral Parker. — Philip Stephens *

Abstraa

A. 1782.

3 7.

DEBATES.

Abffraft of the Dutch squadron.

1 Ship of 1 I

3 1

1 Frigate of

4 Ditto 1 Ditto t Cutter of

Copy of a letter from Vice - Admiral Parker, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Fortitude, at sea, 6th August, 1781.

Sir,

Yesterday morning we fell in with the Dutch squadron, with a large convoy, on the Dogger Bank, I was happy to find I had the wind of them, as the great number of their large frigates might otherwise have endangered my convoy. Having separatea the men of war from the merchant ships, and made a signal to the lall, to keep their wind. I bore away with a general signal to chafe.

The enemy formed their line, consisting of eight two decked ships on the Barboard tack .; ours including the Dolphin, confided of seven.

Not a gun was fired on either fide, until within the difiance of half musquet ( hot. The fortitude being then a - breast of the Dutch Admiral, the action began, anjl continued with an unceasing fire for three hours and forty minutes. By this time our ships were unmanageable; I made an effort to form the line, in order to renew the action, but found it impracticable; the Bi - ' enfaifant had loss his main - top - mail, and the Buffalo his fore - yard; the red of the ships were nQt less fluttered in their mails, rigging and fails.

The enemy appeared to be in as bad a condition; both squadrons lay too a considerable time near each other, when the Dutch, with their convoy, bore away for the Texel; we were not in a condition to follow them. His Maje - fty’s officers and men behaved with great bravery; nor did the enemy shew less gallantry. The Fortitude was extremely well seconded by Captain Macartney in the Amelia, but he was unfortunately killed early in thea&ion. Lieut. Hill has great merit in so well supporting the conduct of his brave Captain. As there was great probability of our coming into action again. Captain Macbride very readily obliged me by taking the command of that strip; and I have appointed Mr. Waghorn my first Lieutenant to the command of the Artois : this gentleman, though much hurt in the action, refused to leave my fide while it 1 ailed. Captain Graeme of the Preston has loll aa arm.

Enclosed, I transmit a return of the killed and wounded, and an account of the damages sustained by the ships.

The enemy’s force were, I believe, much superior to what their Lordships apprehended. I flatter myself they will be satisfied that we done all that wa possible with ours. I am, &c.

H. Parker.

P. S. The frigates this morning discovered one of the Ddtch men 6f war funk in twenty - two fathom water, her top - gallant - mafis were above the surface, and her pendant dill flying, which Captain Patton has llruck and brought me on board; I believe Ihc was the second ship in their line, of seventy - four guns,

Vojt. V. Report

74 Guns.

60 '

5

44

40

32

28

20

Report

Report of the number of officers 2nd seamen killed and wounded in the action with the Dutch fleet, Sunday, 5th Aug. 1781. 12

Ships names. Men. Officers.

Killed. ) Wounded. Total.

Fortitude 20 67 87 Lieutenants Waghorn, Harrington and Hinckley; boatswain and pilot wounded. Mr. Palmer, gunner, wounded.

Bienfaisant 6 21 27

Berwick 18 58 76 Mr. Shipley, 3d Lieut. Mr. Maxwell, cth do, wounded j Capt. Campbell and Lieut. Steward, marines, wounded; two midlhipmen and one pilot, killed.

Pfs. Amelia, 19 5 7S Capt. Macartney and Mr. Robert Brown, gunner, killed; Lieut. Hill, Smith and LaNiconte, wounded.

Preston 10 40 5 ° Capt. Graeme and 3d Lieut, wounded.

Buffalo 20 64 84 Mr. Randall, ift Lieut, and Mr. Linfcy, boatswain, wounded.

Dolphin II 33 44 Lieutenant Dalby, killed.

IO4 339 443

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78z.

3 39

A. 1782. DEBATES.

Report of the damages received by the squadron, in attion on the 5 th August,

1781.

Fortitude.

Five main shrouds on the starboard fi. de, and five on the larboard ditto, gone; five fore ditto, and two backflays, llarboard fide, gone; foretop stay and spring ditto; maintopmaft flay and spring ditto, and mizen flay gone; fore and maintopmafl backllays, and topgallant backftay gone; greatest part of the running rigging shot away.

Mainmafl, three shot through; foremall, one Ihot through and one lodged in it; bowsprit, two shot through; jib bomb gone; maintopmaft badly wounded; spare one unserviceable; driver boom gone; spare foretopfail yard unserviceable; fix chain plates and dead eyes gone; bell bower anchor flock badly wounded; ten shot between wind and water, and a great many above water; all the boats damaged; two lower deck guns, three main deck ditto, one on the quarter deck, and one carronade unserviceable.

Bienfaisant

The mainmafl wounded in two ' places; maintopmaft shot away, part of it gone overboard; maintop - gallantmaft, and one of the main top - gallan t - studding fail - booms, gone; mainyard slightly wounded; one shut in the forcmafl; foretop and loretopfail - yard slightly wounded; mizengaff wounded very much; bowsprit greatly damaged by a large shot; one of the forechain plates and dead eyes shot away; the fore channel damaged; one shot through the knee of the head; forty - nine shot in the hull, many of them through and through; port - timbers, port - lids, mofl of the spare booms and spars damaged, and unfit for their proper use; all the boats damaged, and one large shot through the coppers, has rendered them unserviceable.

Berwick.

Fourteen shot between wind and water, three through the channel wall; one orlop standard shot off; two pieces of gun - deck clamp, and the streak under it, shot through; one port - timber on the gun - deck, ' five pieces between the ports, shot off; one piece of upper - deck clamp, two pieces of spur - ketirg, shot off; one piece of shot ltuff between the ports on the quarterdeck, ditto fix strakes of the poop - deck, cut off with the shot; the bowsprit shot through between the gammoning; foremall lhot through, twelve feet above the forecaille - deck, in two places, three feet a - funder; foreyard, foretopmaft, and foretopfail - yard, shot through; the mainmafl shot through, twenty feet above the quarter - deck, and betwixt decks; mainyard and main top fail - yard shot through; maintopmaft sprung, and shot through; mizenmaft, six inches of the after part cut off, about twelve feet above the poop - deck; mizentopmaft, and topgallant - mall, and mizentopfail - yard carried away; jib - boom, foretopmaft, two fifties, a rough flick, of fourteen inches and a half, shot through; studding - fail boom, two ditto yards, fix shot away; all the boats shot through in several places.

Princess Amelia.

Mainmafl, foretopmaft, bowsprit, foretopgallant - mast, mizenmaft, sprit - fail - yard, jib - boom, and cross - jack - yard, unserviceable; maintopmaft wounded, and hull much damaged.

Xx a

Pass TON.

340

A. 17S1.

PARLIAMENTARY

Preston.

Forcmost port in the lower deck, tom by ( hot; one piece of spirketing, and three pieces of short fluff, between the ports, on the ( larboard ( ides, ditto; one piece of clamp, one hanging knee, three pieces of spirketing, fire ditto of quick - work, one piece of firing, one carling to the bowsprit, on the starboard fide; one piece of spirketing, two pieces of quick - work, on the larboard fide, ( hot away on the upper deck; three pieces of clamp, fire hanging knees, three pieces of spirketing, three ditto of quick - work, on the starboard fide; two pieces of spirketing, two ditto of quick - work, on the larboard fide, ( hot away on the quarter - deck; one piece of clamp on the starboard fide, and a rough tree rail on the larboard fide of the poop, shot away.

Mainmast, maintopmafl, spare maintopmafl, one fish for mail, spare main and foretopfail - yards, mizen, mizentopfail - yard, cross - jack and driver yards, the barge, cutter, and long - boat, all shot through; eight shot in the main wales; the poll fpllt at the 20 foot mark, by a ( hot; twelve in the channel waie, fix above ditto, and eighteen on the ltarboard fide.

Buffalo.

The Clamps, spirketings, waterways, several of the hanging knees, lodging knees and ltandards, wounded; three shot in the foreman, one in the foretopmafl, three in the fore - yard, one in the jib - boom, three in the mainmast, and five in the main - yard; heel of the maintopmafl shot away 5 spare maintopmafl wounded; larboard arm of the foretopfai 1 - yard shot away near the quarter, and one shot in the starboard arm; two shot in the mizen - yard 5 mizen - truflcl - trees shot away 5 mizenmaft wounded; driver - boom, and studding - fail booms and yards wounded; about one hundred and thirty shot in the wales, fidcs, and topfides; and boats much shattered.

Dolphin.

Several shot between wind and water; fourteen on the bends 5 upper works much damaged; mainmast shot through in four places; maintopmafl half through; main - yard three shot through; maintop and cross - tree roach damaged; foremafl three shot through it; foretopmafl wounded; foretop - gallant - mafl much wounded; fore - yard shot in the upper Dart; mizentop - mast shot through; cross - jack - yard cut in two; the gaff mot in two; two ( hot through the driver - boom; spare topsail - yard shot through; bowsprit Ihot through in three places; ship’s ( ides, and a number of other articles, very much damaged; no spare topmails in the ship fit for service.

Information respecting the operations in the West Indies, in the year

1781.

Extrafl of a letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary to the Admiralty, to Sir

George Brydges Rodney, Bart, commander in chief of his Majesty’s ships

at the Leeward Islands, dated 30th of March, 178 - 1.

I acquainted yon in my former letters with the equipment of a squadron of ships at fireft, said to be destined for the West Indies, but as none of them had failed from that port when the last advices came from thence; the account transmitted to you by Capt. Linzee of the Santa Monica, was veiy erroneous, the fleet which he saw off Cape Finisterre, and supposed to be fhnping its course for the West Indies being no other than a part of D ’ Eftaing’s coming fr - r ' to Brest, where they arrived a few days afterwards. The

squadroa

A. 1782. DEBATES. 341

fqoadron which has been so long preparing at Bred is now laid to con fid of 25 or 26 fail of the line, and to have been ordered to fail under the command of Mons. de Grasse on the 19th or 20th of this month, five or six of which it was supposed would be dispatched to the East Indies, and the remaining twenty go to the Leeward Islands or Rhode Island, as you will fee by the enclosed advices, to which I take leave to refer you.

A.

Intelligence transmitted to Sir George Rodney by Mr. Stephens, in his letter of the 30th March, 1781.

Mons. De Callries is gone to Bred to hasten the departure of the French fleet. My intelligence dates that this fleet is ready to fail with the first fair wind, that it confilh of twenty two fail of the line, to be commanded by MonC de Grasse, and if my information be true, is certainly de {lined for the West Indies.

Efcadre que va partir de Bred fous les ordres de M. de Grasse, Lieut,

General.

Guns.

La Ville de Paris 110

L Augude 80

Le St. Esprit 80

Le Languedoc 80

Le Cefar 74

Le Heros 74

Le Northumberland 74 L ’ Hannibal 74

Le Pluton 74

Le Diademe 74

Le Sceptre 74

Le Souverain 74

Le Marfellois 74

Guns.

Le Bourgogne 74

Le Scipion 74

L Hector 74

L Hercule 74

Le Glorieux 74

Le Magnanime 74

Le Zele 74

Le Citoyen 74

Le Artilien 64

Le Vaillant 64

Le Vengeur 64

Le Sphinx 64

Le Sagittaire 50

Mons. de Grasse will not have more than ready by the end

of the month, though every endeavour is using to hasten his departure.

N. B. From an accident the above blank could not be precisely /up plied; but from the former advices it cannot refer to more than twenty - five ships, including the five said to be intended for the Isle of France.

Mons. de Grasse’s fleet of twenty - five ships of the line, three frigates, and three {loops, will be all in Bred road by the 7th of March, but I think will not fail in less than two or three weeks more. They are certainly fixed as yet to go to the West Indies first.

Laflate ed toute prete en rade ( le 7th Mars ) pour partir les 6 a 7. Mille hommes qu ’ on doit y embarquer arriveront a Bred le 15 et le 16 on les em - barquera aufitot.

Le jour du depart de cette flotte ed fixe au 18 ou 19, li le vent le permet.

Dansle lide des vaisseaux qu ’ on a donne, qui partent pour L ’ Amerique, le Languedoc, Le Cefar, le Marfellois, le Vaillant, & le Sagittaire fout doubles en bois, et Mailletes, le Magnanime n ’ eflpas doubles de tout, et tous les autres font doubles en cuivre on n ’ a pas encore la lide des frigattes.

De Grasse will fail the 19th certainly, wind permitting, with twenty - six ships of the line, with one fifty; La Motte Piquet days behind sick. You may defend that the fleet is for America, twenty i : i luunber, the other fix go to the

Mauritius,

542 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S2.

Mauritius ) after going on their passage together as far as they may not be intercepted by the English fleet. The fleet and transports have taken twelve thousand troops on board, three thousand go to the Mauritius, and nine to reinforce Rochambeau in America, with great quantities of cloathisg and all forts of ( lores for the Americans.

Extrafl of a letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary to the Admiralty, to Sir George Brydgcs Rodney, Bart, commander in chief of his Majesty’s ships at the Leeward Islands, dated 3 ill March 1781.

P. S. Since closing my. letter I have received advices respecting the squadron of Monsieur de Grasse, extracts of which are herewith "endofed for your information.

B.

Intelligence transmitted to Sir George Rodney by Mr. Stephens, in his letter of the 31st of March 1781.

Two frigates and two cutters are to accompany Monsieur de Grasse.

No certain accounts of the fleet having failed from Brest; the winds, which had been contrary to the 18th and 19th, had become fair on the 20th, and had continued.

The convoy which the French fleet is to escort, consists of more than three hundred fail, and is the larged and richest that ever was seen in France.

The Hedlor had been repaired, and there was reason to believe the fleet would fail on the 20th of March—The troops were arrived, and embarking the day before.

Intelligence respecting the action between Sir Samuel Hood and Monsieur de Grasse, off Point Salines.

Efcadre Commandee par M. Le Compte de Grasse.

Vaisseaux.

La Ville de Paris L ’ Auguste Le St. Esprit Le Languedoc Le Sceptre Le Northumberland La Souverain La Bourgogne Le Citoyen Le Hercule Le Scipion Le Pluton Le Cefar L ’ Hettor Le Marfellois Le Diademe Le Glorieux Le Zele Le Magnanime Le Vaillant

The ships marked joined Monsieur de Grasse from Fort Royal Bay.

N. B.

Canons. Vaisseaux. Canons.

100 La Vi&oire 74 *

80 Le Solitaire 64 *

80 Le Refleche 64 *

80 Le Caton 64 *

74 74 F R I O A T £ S.

74 74 A L ’ Experiment 50 *

74 La Galatea 32#

74 La Constante

74 La Medee 32

74 La Diligente 26

74 L ’ Aigrette 26

74. 74 L Hypocrite 16

74

74 C O T T R B s.

74 74 Le Pandour 18

64 L ' Alerte 18

• 1782.

DEBATES.

343

74. B. No lift of the French fleet having been transmitted to the Admiralty by Sir George Rodney, or Sir Samuel Hood, the foregoing lift is laid l > fore the House; but the Admiralty do not warrant the authenticity of it : it was found, with various other papers, on board a French vessel, captured Hy a Jersey privateer, and transmitted by her owners to this office.

I - act of the English fleet under the command of Sir Samuel Hood, in the action with Mons. de Grasse, off Point Salines.

Line of battle.

The Alfred to lead on the starboard. And Shrewsbury on the larboard

Tacks.

Frigates.

X - izard to repeat Signals.

Pacahunta 1 fl. to rep. fig. J

Rate. Ships of the line. Commanders. Guns. Men.

3 Alfred Capt. Bayne 74 600

Belliqueux — Brine 64 5OO

Alcide — Thompson 74 600

Invincible — Bickerton 74 600

Monarch — Reynolds 74 600

2 Barfleur Sir S. Hood, Bt. 1 Capt. Knight. 3 90 7 4

3 Terrible — Pergufon 74 600

PrinceSTa — Sir T. Rich, Bt. 7 ° 560

Ajax — John Symons 74 55 ° -

Resolution — Ld. R. Manners 74 600

Montagu — Houhon 74 600

Gibraltar Rear Ad. Drake, 1 Cap. Knatchbull. j 80 667

Centaur — Nott 74 650

RuSTel — Sutherland 74 600

Pr. William — Douglas 64 500

Torbay — Gidoin 74 600

Intrepid — Molloy 64 500

Shrewsbury — Robin son 74 6oo

Division.

RearA. SirS. Hood’s division.

Rear Adm. Drake’s division.

Given under my hand, on board the Barfleur, off Martinique, the 8th April, 1781.

Samuel Hood.

Memorandumi—In case any line of battle Ship or Ships Should be away, the Ship that would have followed the one absent, is to take her placed

Extrafl of a letter from Sir Samuel Hood, dated the 4th May, 1781, ad - dreSftd to Sir George Rodney, and by him transmitted to the Admiralty, so far as gives an account of the action between Sir Samuel Hood, and Monlieur de GraSTe, off Point Salines; Sir Samuel Hood not having ad - dreSTed his letter to the Admiralty on that subject. t

Twenty - seven minutes past nine, Sunday, the 29th April, 1781, hoisted our colours, as did the French Admiral and his fleet. At fifteen minutes past ten, made the Shrewsbury’s Signal to alter her courSe to windward. She being the leading Ship, but soon perceived the wind had Shifted, and that

6 1

1C

344 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

( he was as close to the wind as /he could lay. At thirty - five minutes pail ten, tacked the squadron all together, the van of the enemy being almo& abreast of our center, and at eleven began to fire, which I took no notice of at this time; the /hips in Fort Royal Bay flipped their cables, and got under fail at twenty minutes pail eleven. I tacked the squadron altogether, and repeated the signal for a close order of battle. At twenty - five minutes pa/l eleven, finding the ehemy’s lhot to go over us, hoisted the signal for en - gaging, and in passing our van and the enemy’s rear, exchanged fame broad fides. At forty minutes past eleven, the enemy tacked. At forty - five minutes past eleven, made the signal for the rear to close the center. At fifty - five minutes past eleven, finding it impossible to get up to the enemy’s fleet, I invited it to come to me, by bringing the squadron too under their top - fails. At half past twelve, the French Admiral, in the Bretagne, began to fire at the Barfleur, which was immediately returned, and the action became general, but at too great a distance, and I believe never was more powder and /hot thrown away in one day before; but it was with Monsieur de Grasse the option of distance lay, and he preferred that of /hot. It was not possible for me to go nearer. At one I made the signal for the van to fill, the French Admiral having filled, and drawing a head. At seventeen minutes past one, made the Shrewsbury’s signal, ( the leading ship ) to make more fail, and set the top - gallant fails. At thirty - four minutes past one, repeated the signal for a close line of battle, and finding not one in ten of the enemy’s /hot reached us, I ceased firing; the enemy did the fame soon after, but their van and ours being somewhat nearer, continued to engage, and though the French Admiral had ten fail a item of him, and three others to windward, he was backward in making a nearer approach.

The merchants ships at this time were hauling in close under the land, attended by two /hips of two decks, supposed to be armed en, and two frigates. At eighteen minutes pa/Ted three, the firing cea/cd between our van and that of the enemy.

Information respecting the West - Indian convoys in the year 1781.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, to Capt. Byron, of his Majesty’s /hip Proserpine.

Admiralty - Office, 21ft March, 1781.

Sir,

I am commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to signify their direction to you to proceed, without a moment’s lofsoftime, and cruize in the /hip you command, two hundred leagues to the westward of the Lizard, between the latitudes of 49 deg. 30 min. and 48 deg. 30 min. for the protection of the trade of his Majesty’s subjects; and very diligently to look out for the homeward - bound trade expected from Jamaica and the Leeward Islands; the failing of that from jamaica having been fixed for the 15th of Taft month, under convoy of his Majesty’s /hips named in the margin, all under jury mails; and that from the Leeward Islands having been inrended to come away in ill the said month, under convoy of three /hips of the fine and a frigate; and upon falling in with the said convoys, to deliver to the commanding officer of each, the,. packet you will herewith receive, bearing his address, and to furnish them with all such intelligence as you may have gained, proper and necc/Tary for their knowledge.

' 6

Fgmont Grafton T1 ident Bristol Fndymion

It

A. 1782 D £ BA T E S. 345

. It is their Lordships further direction, that you continue to cruize as above directed, until you fall in with the said convoys, receive certain information that they have parted to the eastward, or the exhaurted date of your provirtons shall make it necessary for you to return into port, when you are to make the bell of your way to Plymouth for further order.

If in your cruize you should fall in with any of the enemy’s squadron, which you may have reason to believe are cruizing to intercept the above - mentioned convoys, it is their Lordships direction, that you take care to keep to the wellward of such cruizing squadron, even though it should carry you beyond the limits of the llation hereby alligned to you; and in case you fall in with both those convoys, that you accompany them, if together, or the last you meet with, into port, putting yourself under the command of the commanding officer, and following his orders for your further proceedings.

I am. Sir, your moll humble servant,

Philip Stephens.

Copy of Mr. Stephens’s letter to the commanding officer of the convoy expelled from the Leeward Islands, dated 21ft March, 1781.

Sir,

The wellern squadron of his Majesty’s ships, under the command of Vice - Admiral Darby, having failed on the 13th inrtant, with a large convoy of vi&uallers and store - ships for the succour of Gibraltar, which service may probably detain that squadron a considerable time, be the means of preventing its cruizing on the usual llation, for protelling the trade of his Majesty’s subjects, and induce the enemy to send out, from Bred, a cruizing squadron of superior force to any which can be sent from home, during the absence of the wellern squadron above - mentioned. My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have judged it necessary to lend out a frigate to give you the earliest information of these circumstances; and have commanded me to signify their direction to you, that inllead of coming to the eastward into the British Channel, you alter your course and proceed, with the trade under your convoy, round the north of Ireland and Scotland, as far as may be necessary for the protection of those bound up the River Thames; and then, fending a frigate with them to the Nore, go on with the other ftiips under your command to the Downs, and remain there until you receive further order; taking care, however, to detach a frigate, at such time as you shall judge proper, through the northern entrance of the Irish Channel, to see the trade bound into that and the British Channel in safety to the ports of their destination; and directing her commander, when he shall have lo done, to make the bell of his way to Spithead, and to remain there until he receive further order.

I am. Sir, your moll humble servant,

Philip Stephens.

Original by the Proserpine,

Duplicate Juno.

Commanding officer of the convoy expelled from the Leeward Islands.

• Vox, y, Dify

Ixtrad

346 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

Extract of a letter from Admiral Sir George Brydges Rodney, Bart, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board his Majesty ' s ship Sandwich, St. Euftatins, 12th February, 1781.

The convoy which I propose to fend in a ftiort time, will be extremely valuable, more so, I believe, than ever failed to Great - Britain, considering its number of ships. I shall give a positive order to the commanding officer of the convoy, to gain the latitude of the Lizard at least 200 leagues weft from it, that if their Lord ( Lips think it necessary to fend an additional squadron for its prote#ion, they may be acquainted with the tra# they are to take.

Extra# of a letter from Admiral Sir George Brydges Rodney, Bart, to Mr.

Stephens, dated on board his Majesty’s ship die Sandwich, St. Eullatius,

6th March, 1781.

Commodore Hotham has taken charge of the convoy, and will fail from

this road on the 10th instant, at farthest. He has my orders to be extremely

Attentive to their preservation, and to fee them into the Downs.

Extra# of a letter from Mr. Stephens to Vice Admiral Darby, dated 10th

May, 1781.

As there is reason to apprehend that Mons. La Motte Tlquct m2y have failed with orders to cruize fir, and to endeavour to intercept our valuable homeward bound fleets coming from the Island of St. Euftatins ( lately fur - rendci ' cd to his Majesty’s arms ), and from the 111. nd of Jamaica, both of which may be hourly expected. I have it in command from their Lordships to recommend it to you to ouler eight fail of your line cf battle ships, w. th such frigates as you may think ft, to cruize on such station, as you shall jiidoe most. proper, for the protection of the said homeward - bound West India fleets, and for falling in with, and attacking Mons. La Motte Piquet’s squadron, directing the senior officer of the ship -, you detach upon that fer vice, to cruize for the space of fourteen da > s un ’ cfs they so; ner fill in with the homeward - bound trade, or the enemy’s squadron above - mentioned.

Substance of ( he intelligence received from the West Indies, relative to the detention of the Jamaica fleet in 17S1.

Extra# of a letter from Vice Admiral Sir Peter Parker, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s ships and vessels at Jamaica, to Mr. Stephens, dated 16th March, 1781.

The convoy f r Europe were to have failed the 16th of last month, bat having, agreeable to their Lord ships order of the 20th October lall, directed a court martial to be assembled to enquire info the cause and circumstances of the capture of the ships under convoy of the Ramillies on the 9th of Augull last, in lat. 36 deg. 54. min. north, and Ion. 15 deg. 00 min. weft of London, and into the comdu# of Capt. Moutray, on that occasion j the court martial met the 13th past, and contrary to expectation, continued fitting till the 261I1.

All the homeward - bound trade being assembled at this port, the ftfft vision failed this morning, and the remainder of the lh > ps are to proceed and join the convoy to - raoirovv.

r Extract

. A. 1782. DEBATES. 347

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Sir Peter Parker, commander in chief of his Majesty’s ships and vessels at Jamaica, to Mr. Stephens, dated 2d July, 1781.

The Albion, Princess Royal, Ruby, and Janus, are to fail to - morrow with the homeward - bound trade; the Ramillies and Licorne are to accompany them, and a frigate will look into the cape, to ascertain the force there.

Extract of a letter from Vice - Admiral Sir ' Peter Parker, commander in chief at Jamaica, to Philip Stephens, Esq; dated on board the Ramillies, Port Royal Harbour, the 27th July, 1781.

The Comet packet having been detained by the Governor on account of public business, I have the opportunity of informing their Lordships, of the iafe return of Captain Bowyer, with his Majesty’s ships and the homeward - bound convoy to this port, the 21ft and 22d instant, in consequence of intelligence he received from our cruisers of the arrival of the French fleet at the Cape on the 16th and 17th instant.

We had reason to imagine, that our convoy had got through the windward passage, and Captain Bowyer informs me, that they were fortunate as far as Cape Donna Maria, but afterwards the current changed, which retarded them till the arrival of the French fleet *

Extract of a letter from Captain Bowyer, commander of his Majesty’s ship; the Albion, to Philip Stephens, Esq; dated in the Downs, 15th November, 1781.

You will please to acquaint my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of the arrival of his Majesty’s ship under my command, with part of the Jamaica convoy. The first division failing from Port Royal the 19th of August, and the remainder the two following days.

Copies or Extrafls of Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt’s correspondence, as relates to the objects of his command from the time of his appointment, and of the instructions with which he failed in December, 1781, and the intelligence given to him by the Admiralty, relative to the force of the enemy, by the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland,

Having ordered the Captains of his Majesty’s ships named in the inclosed lift, to put themselves under your command, and folloyv your orders for their further proceedings; you are hereby required and directed to take them, and the said Blips, under your command accordingly.

Given under our hands the 14th. of November, 1781.

Sandwich. Bamber Gascoyne.

To Richard Kempenfelt, Esq; Rear - Admiral C, F. Greville.

of the BJue, Sec. io town,

By command of their Lordships,

Philip Stephens.

A lift

PARLIAMENTARY

A « 1712.

| 48

Admiral - Office, 11 th November, 1781.

A lift of his Majesty s ships put under the command of Rear - Admiral

Kempenfelt.

N of

Rate. Quns Ships Names,

Commanders.

At what Place,

ift

2d

3d

4th

5th

6th

100

100

90

90

90

90

90

74

74

74

74

64

60

5 ° 31. 36

32

28

24

Britannia,

Vittory,

Duke,

Queen,

Union,

Namur,

Ocean,

Edgar,

Valiant,

Courageaox,

Alexander,

Hercules,

Agamemnon,

Medway,

Renown,

Arethusa,

Monsieur,

La Prudente,

Recovery,

T artar.

Crocodile,

Captain James Bradley, Henry Cromwell,

Sir Charles Douglass, Hon. Fred. Maitland, John Dalrymple, Herbert Sawyer,

George Ourry,

Thomas Boiton,

S. C. Goodall,

► Spithead.

Plymouth *

Rt. Hon. Ld. Mulgrave, Lord Longford,

John Brilbane,

Benjamin Caldwell, Harry Harmood,

John Henry,

Sir Richard Pearson, Hon. Seymour Finch, Hon. W. Waldegrave,

Rt. Hon. Lord Hervey,

Robert Sutton,

James King,

Spithead.

Plymouth.

Spithead.

On her arrival at Spithead. Plymouth.

On her arrival at Spithead.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland, &c.

In addition to oar order to you of yesterday’s date, for taking his Majesty’s ships therein mentioned under your command, you are hereby required and directed to repair, without loss of time, to Portsmouth, and cause the utmost dispatch to be used so far as the fame may depend upon you, in getting the provisions and storcs of such of them as are at that port, completed agreeable to the orders which have been given for that nurpose, and in preparing them in every other respect for the sea; and having so done, hold yourself in readiness for failing at the ( horteft notice, fending order to the commanders of those which are at Plymouth, to the fame effect, and directing them to hold themselves in readmefs to join you on your appearance off that port.

Given under our hands the 15th November, 1781.

Sandwich.

Bamber Gascoyne.

To Richard Kempenfelt, E/q; Rear Admiral C. F. Greville.

of the Blue, &c. in town.

By command of their Lordships,

Philip Stevens.

Rtf

A. 1781. DEBATES. 349

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland, dec.

Having ordered Capt, Saumarez, commander of his Majesty’s fbdhip Ti - fiphone, to pnt himself under your command, and to follow your ardors foe his further proceedings. Yon are hereby required and directad to take him and the said ship under your command accordingly.

Given under our hands the 20th November, 1781 *

Sandwich.

Bamber Gascoyne.

To Richard Kempenfelt, Esq; Rear Admiral C. F. GreviQe.

of the Blue, Sec, at Spitheath

By command of their Lordships,

Philip Stephens.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord Ifigh Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland,

Whereas we have received intelligence that a considerable armament is preparing with the utmost expedition at Bred, and said to be on the point of foiling, confiding of eighteen fail of the line ( including four armes en flute ) with a large number of transports, in which ten or twelve thousand land forces are to be embarked, whose dedination is uncertain, but generally suppo - fed to be part to the Wed, and part to the East Indies, and that a great number of vi&uallers, storeships, and trade, will proceed under their convoy; and whereas it is of the utmod importance to intercept the said fleet if it ihoold put to sea, you are therefore as soon as the ships under your command or such a number of them as you flxall judge necessary, shall be ready, hereby required and directed to proceed and cruize on such Aadon, as you shall judge mod likely for intercepting the said fleet, and to ofe your utmost endeavours to take or destroy it.

You are to send to our Secretary, before you fail, a copy of your rendezvous and private signals, and to send to him also, frequent accounts of your proceedings; addressing your dispatches to Capt. Baines, the Regulating Captain at Falmouth, who will have directions to fend them to this office by express : But if they shall contain matter of such importance as to make greacer expedition necessary, you are in that case to ( end them directly to this office, by a proper officer, instructing him to land, at the neared port he can conveniently reach, and to make the best of his way to town.

You are ' to continue on the above - mentioned service for the Tpace - of one month, from the time of your passing the Lizard, unless from any intelligence you may receive respecting the motions of the enemy, yon nail judge it for the good of his Majesty’s service to cruize for a longer time, in which case you are to do so, returning afterwards with the squadron under your command, to Spithead, where you are to remain until you receive further order : fending to our Secretary an account of your arrival and proceedings.

Given under our Hands the 2id November, 1781.

Sandwich.

Bamber Gafeoyne.

C. F. Greville.

To Richard Kempenfelt, Efo. Rear - Admiral

of the Blue, Sec. at Spithead.

By command of their Lordflups,

Philip Stephens.

By exprefe next day at 9 P. M.

Cnnv

PAHL. UME‘NT ARY A. 1782,

\Copy ofa letter from. Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, to Mr. Stephens, received the 25 th November, 1781.

- Please to acquaint their Lordships that I have received their orders by exprefc, lent off the 23d November, 1781, at nine o ’ clock P. M. and lhs. ll carry the fame into execution as in my power.

Extract of a letter from Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, dated ' the 26th of November, 1781.

I - am commanded by their Lordships to signify their direction that you put to sea from Spithead, with the lhtps under your command, the moment the wind will admit of it, their Lordships finding by a letter from Sir Thomas Pye, received this poll, that they will be all completely victualled by this evening.

\ And it is their Lordships further direction, that you proceed in execution of your order, without waiting for the ships at Plymouth, calling however off that port, where you will probably find that the Ocean, Hercules, Are -. thufa and Tartar will be in readiness to come out and join you, but which you are not to wait for if they are not able to join immediately upon your appearance.

From Mr. Stephens to Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt.

Sir,

My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty having received intelligence respecting a convoy on the point of departure from Amfterdara to Surinam,. &c. I am commanded by their Lordships, to fend you inclosed a copy thereof for your information,

I am. Sir,

Your mod obedient humble servant,

. Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt, Philip Stevens,

Spithead.

F.

8th Nov. 1781. The convoy from Amsterdam to Surinam, is to depart immediately. It will be composed of two ships of the line, and three or four frigates or other smaller ships of war; and what will render it more respectable, fifteen or sixteen of the merchant ships are armed and equipped in consequence, fn that this fleet will fearnothing under a squadron, and to be as much as polfible out of danger, it will take its rout by the North.

' Extract of a letter from Rear - Admion ! Kempenfelt, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Victory, at Spithead, 27th November, 1781.

I have just received your letter of the 26th instant, signifying their Lord - ships orders, that I put to sea from Spithead with the ships under my command the moment the wind will admit, and to proceed in execution of the orders I have received, without waiting for the ships at Plymouth, should they not be ready to join me when I appear oflf that port. rI he snips here under my command have now all the r provisions in; but the Queen and Couragcaux have some efl ' entj. al carpenters work remaining which cannot he finished before tp - morrow evening; the Couragcaux is the security of her chain wales; some fails are not yet finished, but hope will be off to nigh ;, lam apxious to execute their Lordships orders, and shall be detained by nothing but what is absolutelv cnemial for a fh ' ip going to > sea.

Copy

35 *

A. 1782. DEBATES.

Copy of a letter from Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt, to Mr. Stephens, dated on, board the Victory at Spithead, the ill December, 1781.

You will please to inform their Lordships, that I unmoored yesterday, but was forced to remove by the wind’s coming to the South; the wind is now to the Eastward of the S. E. we are unmoored, but have little profpett unlef the wind should change, of getting out, as the time of the tide is so unfavourable, the ebb running ahnoft the whole of these short days.

Copy of a letter from Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt, to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Victory, under fail, without St. Helens, 2d Dec. 1781.

The ships of the squadron under my command, that were at Spithead, are now all under fail, and without St. Helens; the wind at Eait.

Extract of a letter from Mr. Stephens, to Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt, dated

2d December, 1781.

A letter this day received, containing some intelligence respecting the squadron at Brest; I am commanded by their Lordships, to fend you herewith the inclosed extract of the said letter for your information, and at the same time, to acquaint you, that their lordships will fend after you such of the shipsof your squadron as are not able to fail with you, and also the Warrior ( now fitting out at Portsmouth ) with all thedifpatch that is possible.

Sent in duplicate.

G.

According to intelligence just received, and which comes from a good quarter, Mons. de Vaudreuil is to take with him a pretty large sum of money, no less than ten millions of French livres; as it is not usual for the French to take fp ' crie to their West - India islands, this circumstance gives a degree of credibility 10 the information we have repeatedly received, that this squadron is intended for North America, and is to go thither directly. My intelligence fays, that Mons. de Vaudreuil will not fail before the middle of this month; it does not mention the strength of the French squadron.

Extract of a letter f. om Mr. Stephens, to Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt, dated Admiralty - Office, 7th December, 1781.

My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty having this day received intelligence respecting the number, supposed time of failing, route and defti - nation of the enemy’s ships preparing at Brest; I am commanded by their Lordships to fend you herewith a copy thereof for your information.

H.

Intelligence.

The fleet preparing at Brest was not failed, and it was given out that tl > e ships would not be ready till near Christmas, but that was supposed to be done to deceive the English. The ships from Brest were to be joined by two from Rochfort with some transports and merchants, making in the whole two hundred fail, of which, seventeen were to be ships of the line.

The whole to proceed as far to the South as Cape St. Vincent, tq ' join twelve fail of Spanish men of war. Three of the French ships to go oh with iome troops to the East - Indics; seven to go with the Spanish ships, and the

3; t PARLIAMENTARY A. ijit.

the rest of the troops and trading ships ( 0 the Well - Indies; and the other ( even to return to Brest.

It miy therefore be expend, that when the fleet fails from Bnest it will keep to the Southward, but if your fleet does so they will not venture to put Out.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland, &c.

Captain Edwards, commander of his Majesty’s ship Portland ( by whom you wiH receive this ) being directed to put himself ' under your command, Und to follow yonr orders for his further proceedings; yon are hereby required and directed, to take him, and the said ship, under your command accordingly, and employ them, as you shall judge belt for his Majesty ' s fa - vice, entrusted to your care.

Given under our hands the 7th December, 1781

Sandwich.

Lisburne.

To Richard Kempenfelt, Esq; Rear Admiral Mulgrave.

of the Blue, dec. at sea.

By command of their Lordships,

Philip Stephens.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland, &c.

Having ordered Captain Onslow, commander of his Majesty’s ( hipBel - lona ( by whom you will receive this ), to put himself under your command, and to follow your orders for his further proceedings. You are hereby required and directed, to take him, and the said ship, under your command accordingly, and employ them as you shall judge best for his Majesty’s fa vice entrusted to your care.

Given under our hands the 7 h December, 1781.

Sandwich,

Liftmrne,

Mulgrave.

To Richard Kempenfelt, Esq; Rear Admiral of the Blue, Scc. at Sea.

By command of their Lordships, Philip Stephens *,

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland, dec.

Captain Sir James Wallace, commander of his Majesty’s ship the Warrior, ( by whom you will receive this ) being directed to put himself coder your command, and to follow your orders for his further proceedings; yon are hereby required and directed, to take him and the said ship under your command accordingly; and employ them as you shall judge best for his Majesty’s service entrusted to your care.

Given under our hands the 14th December, 1781.

Sandwich,

Mulgrave,

C. F. Greyide.

To Richard Kempenfelt, ' Esq; Rear Admiral of the Blue, at sea.

By command of their Lordfliipt

Philip Stephens.

Copy

A. 1782 *

DEBATES.

3 Si

Admiralty - Office, 15 th December, 1781 From Mr. Stephens to Rear Admiral Kempenfclt.

Sir,

I am commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to acquaint you, that they have not yet received any account of the French fleet being failed from Brest; on the contrary, a report prevails that an express has been lent from Paris to flop them till further order, on account of your being at sea. - It is, therefore, their Lordships direction that, notwithstanding the time mentioned in your rendezvous, you take care, before you leave your Ration to return into port, to be well allured that they are no longer at Brest, and that you lengthen your cruize according to the intelligence you may receive on that subject.

My Lords are in hopes you will soon be reinforced by the Bellona, Warrior, and Hercules; and that the Portland, which failed the 13th instant from Spit head, has already joined you.

1 am. Sir,

Your most obedient Humble servant,

Philip Stephens.

Rear Admiral Kempenfelt, at sea.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Brita. n and Ireland, &c.

Whereas it appears, by the lift which accompanied your ha Bretagne letter to our secretary of the 14th instant, that, of the French ships of war of the line, which you fell in with on the 12th Lc Royal Louia instant, those named in the margin are intended to return to Le Terrible Cadiz, after seeing the convoy, then in their company, as ha Couronoe far as Madeira. And whereas it appears to us necessary, that L‘ ? n

an attempt should be made to intercept the said squadron on n, cn

their way to Cadiz; you are hereby required and directed to proceed with the ships of your squadron, named in the margin, to such viaorj Ration as you shall judge most proper, from the intelligence Britannia you have already received, or such as you may hereafter ocean receive, fjrthe purpose of intercepting the enemy’s squadron.

In case of not falling in with the enemy, you are to con - Edgar tinue on the said Ration till you have reason to believe, Courageux either from intelligence, or the length of time, andcircum - Valiant Ranees of wind and weather, that they have past you, and we ? an, iot arrived at their destination, unless the state of the provisions Renown and water of your squadron shall make it expedient for you Portland to return sooner into port; in which case you are to return, Arcthuf with the whole of your squadron, to Spithead. Monsieur

You are, when you proceed upon the above - mentioned Crocodile service, to send to Spithead the Duke, as also the Agamem - La ° Prudente ( if non, if she should have re - joined you. < he should re - join

In case the Bellona should join you, you are to direct her you. )

Captain to proceed without a moment’s loss of time, to the Leeward Islands; and, putting himself under the command of Admiral Sir George BrydgesRod - ney, Bart, or the commanding officer for the time being, of hi > Majesty’s Jhins Vol. V. 2ig$zedand

354 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

and vessels unen that station, to follow his orders for his farther proceedings. Given under our hands and seals the 28th December, 1781,

Sandwich,

To Richard Kempenfelt, Esq; H. Penton,

Rear - Admiral of the Blue, &c. at sea, Mulgrave.

By command of their Lordships,

Philip Stephens.

By the Arethusa; from whose Captain he received them, on the 20th, upon his return to Spithead.

By the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of Great - Britain and Ireland, &c.

If it shall appear essential to you, to keep his Majesty’s ship the Duke with you, in order to maintain a decided superiority over the squadron of the enemy, which you are employed to intercept, you are at liberty ( not - withstanding the orders you will receive herewith to fend her to England ) to retain her with you until yon return into port.

Given under our hands the 18th December, 1781.

Sandwich,

To Richard Kempenfelt, Esq; H. Penton,

Rear - Admiral of the Blue, &c. at sea. Mai grave.

By command of their Lordships,

Philip Stephens.

By the Arethusa; from whose Captain he received them, on the 20th, upon his return to Spithead.

C©py of a letter from Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt to Mr. Stephens, dated on board the Victory, at sea, 14th December, 1781.

Sir,

You will please to acquaint the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that the 12th instant, soon after day - light, Ulhant then bearing N. 61. E. di ( fence hfty - three leagues; the frigate looking out to windward, made lignal for seeing a fleet in the S. E. the wind th n in that quarter; upon which I made signal for the two - decked Imps and frigates to chafe, and crouded fail in the Victory, and at nine o ’ clock we could perceive they were fleering large to the windward, and at half pail ten observed several ships of the line a considerable way a - head, and upon our lee - bow, forming in ci der of battle; upon which I made the lignal for the line, but having a prolped of passing between the enemy’s flops of war and a great part of their convoy, I continued a profil ' d fail, with a view of cutting them off, and succeeded in part, several ltruck to us, the exatt number I cannot acquaint you with, ( and am appr. hensive, that feme which {truck were not taken possession of, the evening coming on and it blowing freth, with thick weather. ) By crouding fail to effect this, several of our ships were far a - ltern, so that to form a line proper for action, would have been impossible to effect before dark .; I therefore tacked to join the fternmolt ships, at the same time, making the signal for the order of failing, to get the squadron connected; after which, 1 put upon the fame tack with the enemy. At day - light the next day, we flaw them to leeward, upon which I formed the line, but perceiving their force so much superior to my squadron, I did not think it adviseable to hazard an action. v

6 Indofci

A. 1782. DEBATES. 355

Tticlosed you have a list of their force, in which all the officers ( prisonen ) that I have spoke with agree in, and which corresponds, as to number and force of the {hips, wiih the Victory’s and reconnoitring {hips obl ' crva - tions. I thought it adviseable to fend information of this convoy to the West - India islands, and have in - consequence dispatched the Tiiiphone fireship, as ( he fails fast, for that purpose.

I have ordered the Agamemnon and laPrudente to follow the convoy, with a view of falling in with any transports or trading vessels that may hare separated from them; they are to continue upon this service twelve days, and then return into port.

As soon as JL can collect the prizes together, I shall fend them in, under the protef ion of some ship of the squadron.

When we got amongif the convoy, the Triumphant, of 84 guns, who had kept with them, in bearing down to join their squadron, passed close across the Edgar’s sure - foot ( the leading ship of our line ) and gave her a ( mart raking fire, which fortunately did not do much execution; the Ed - conduct on thi6 occasion was masterly, {he avoided being directly raked, by judiciously bearing up as the enemy passed her, and immediately after luffed to the wind, and brought her broadlides at right angles with the enemy’s Hem, throwing in a well - directed fire, which we could perceive was very effectual; the next morning we observed the Triumphant in the French line, with his maintop - mast and main - yard gone, I am, &c.

Richard Kempenfelt.

P. S. The Arethusa and Tartar joined the squadron on the 6th instant, the Ocean joined us on the 10th; I shall continue the fame rendezvous as I delivered in to their Lordships, and shall confine myself, as. near as I can, to the latitude of Belleifle, on a N. E. by E. bearing of Ulhant.

La Bretagne L Invincible Le Majesteux L ’ Royal Louis L Terrible La Couronne Le Triumphante Le Pegafie Le Magnifique L Adif

Le Dauphin Royal Le Bien Aime Le Zodiaque Le Brave Le Robufte Le Fendant L Argonault V Hardi C ar L ’ Alexandre \

Le Lion L Indiea

Lift of the line of battle {hips with the French convoy. Guns.

no Mons. Le Compte de Guichen, ( ift )

Mons. Le Compte deRochouart, ( 2d ) Mons. de Beaulfet, ( 4th )

Mons. de la Motte Piquet, ( 3d )

Le Marquis de Vaudreil

ns

o ’ S ' J OS 2

Separate off Madeira, with the convoy for the WeiUIndics.

Bound to the East : Indies, with three thousand troops.

Go to Cadiz with de Guichen.

Richard Kempenfelt.

DiJL ? byCoogIe

An

& PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

An account of ships and frigates employed for the defence of the island of Jersey, in the month of January, 1781.

Rate. Ships.

3d - Nonsuch.

4th - Medway,

- Leander.

5th - Monsieur,

CEolus,

- ' Emerald.

6th I Maidstone.

Armed Ship, - Royal Charlotte,

Sloop, Kite.

A lift of frigates and cruizers employed before the Port of Brest, to watclj the motions of the eneimPs strips there, from the ill January, 1779, to the ill January, 1782, specifying the number of drips and frigates, anj dates when so employed.

Dates of their orders. 1781.

March 23d. r

May 5 th.

30th. December azd.

Names of ships and frigates,

Lively, ( loop.

Cruizer, cutter.

Lively, stoop.

Ditto.

Arethusa.

N. B. Rxclusive of the cruizers sent from England, it has been under stood to be part of the duty of the Commander in Chief of the Western squadron, from time to time, to look ' into the Port of Brest, or to fend ships and vessels upon that service, when intelligence of their motions waj wanted.

An

A. 1782. DEBATES. 357

An account of the number of ships of war lately failed under the command of Sir George Rodney, for the West Indies, specifying the time when they were respectively ordered to be fitted for that service, the times they were severally reported to be ready for sea, together with the names of the ships, and the commanders of them at those different periods.

Ships Names. Commanders. Ordered to be fitted for foreign Service. Vv hen reported to be ready

' John Cleland, to 1781

Formidable, < 1 24 Nov. 1781. John Seymour ! w November December 21

. from that Time. _ " H. Sawyer, to

Namur, < 20 Dec. 1781. Robert Fanfhaw > Ditto 7 Ditto 11

from that Time. a

Arrogant, Samuel Cornifti, Ditto 7 Ditto x 2

Conqueror, George Balfour, Ditto 5 Ditto 12

Fame, Robert Barber, Ditto 9 November 28

Marlborough, Taylor Penney, " John Brilbane, to ] 1 Ditto 5 December 21

Hercules, < 24 Dec. 1781. Henry Savage Ditto 7 Ditto 21

% from that Time. J \

Anson, William Flair, Ditto 7 Ditto 12

Nonsuch, Wm. Tyufcott, Ditto 7 Ditto 14

Prothee, Chas. Buckner, Ditto 5 Ditto 12

Yarmouth, A nth. Parry, ’ G. Campbell, to Ditto 7 Ditto 12

Repulse, < 5 Dec. 1781. T. Dumarcfque, Ditto 7 Ditto H

, from that Time.

flora. Sam. Marshall, Ditto > 5 Ditto 1

Alert floop. James Vafhon, Ditto 28 Ditto 4

A lift of the games of the Admirals, Captains, and other commanders, borne for full pay, in his Majesty’s fleet, i > ow absent from their dutyf with the reasons in their applications.

Names,

Vice - Admiral Lord Shuldham, Vice - AdmjraJ Darby, Vice - Admiral Parker, Bear - Admiral Sir John Ross, Rear - Admiral Kempenfelt, Commodore Stewart,

Captain Dalrymple,

Right Honourable Lord Longford, Honourable William Waldegrave, Right Honourable Lord Hervey, Nasmith,

Wright/

Knellj

Reasons. On private affairs.

On account of health. On private affairs.

On account of health. On private affairs.

On private affairs.

On account of health. On private affairs.

On account of health. On private affairs.

• On private affairs.

35 *

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgcfTes, in Parliament assembled.

The FIFTH REPORT of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and ( late, the PUBLIC ACCOUNTS of the Kingdom.

UPON the certificate of accounts depending In the office of the A « di - tnrs of the Imprett, next to the Paymasters General of the Forces out of office, Hands the name of the Right Honourable Richard Rigby, the present Paymaster General of the Force;. In return to our precept, he iatedto be in his hands, upon the 28th of November Taft, a balance of four hundred ibrty - fevera themfand one hundred fifty three pounds eleven shillings and three pence three farthings.

The aft directs, That in taking an account of the public money in the Jwmls of an accountant, ive shall consider what sum may be taken out of his hands, to bedisposed of by Parliament for the public fen/ice. " But in an office of so large a receipt and expenditure as that of the Pay Office, through which many millions pass in the year, it was not to be imagined, that a fam in the hands of the Paymaster General upon any given day, could possibly remain long enough in his possession to become a subject capable of litdi diicniltoo; he muff have issued the whole of it, long before we could, 5n the course ofour proceedings, have an opportunity of examining it; and therefore we canfwlered this balance, not with a view to the taking any part of that individual funi out of his hands, but to compare the quantum of that balance vr. th the demands upon it on the day of its date, and to fee whether it was mot mere than was necessary to an Twer the then ex i fling or approaching claims upon the Pa ) mailer General of the forces, for the fervieps of, the

army.

That we might be able to fbrm an opinion upon this subject, we proceeded to enquire of what parts thisbah. urc was compounded, at what time each part was received, artd for what service intended. An enquiry that comprehends live whole extent of the business in this office.

The public money in the hands of the Paymaster General, is received by Lun, cither from the Rxchequcx, or from the Treasury of Ireland, when Irish regiment are drawn out of that kingdom, and in part paid by Great Britain; or from persons who, upon their accounts being settled, are directed by the King’s warrant to pay the balance into his bands.

The pre - feat Payraafter General has no money in his hands received from the Treasury of Ireland; all the accounts of the Iritti regiments being made up, and their whole pay now borne by Great Britain. The sum in his hand *, arittng from balances directed to be paid to him, was upon the ill of February last, eight thousand four hundred sixty - three pounds ten shillings and fbar pence. Tlte Exchequer is the great source from whence he draws JjL supply.

As the extensive transaflions of the last year would probably furnish us A nendix n ances ° f every species of receipt and issue, we procured

l ' born the Treasury an account of the several sums ittued to the Paymaster General of the forces, from the 24th of December 1779 to the 25th of December 1780, and from thence to the j6th of May 1781, diilinguiftung the times when iffiaedj and for whpt particular services.

3S9

A. 178a.

DEBATES.

N ° 2.

N ° 3. M ° 4. N ° 5, 6.

From the examinations of Mr. John Hughfon, Clerk of the Debentures in theofficeof the Auditorcf the Exchequer; Richard Molesworth, Esquire, late Deputy Paymaster in North America; the Right Honourable Richard Rigby, the present Pay - mailer General; John Powell, Esquire, L ' aftiier; and Charles Bembridge, F. squire, Accountant in the office of the Paymaster General : we obtained the following account of the manner of transacting the business in this oftke, and of the balance in question.

The supply for the army is granted by Parliament to the King, and therefore no part of this supply can be issued from the Exchequer, without the Royal Sign Manual authorizing such issue. After the supply is granted, there comes from the Treasury to the Pay Office the King’s Sign Manual, directing the Lords of the Treasury to issue unto the Paymaster General a certain part of that supply ( in timeofwar usually a million ) by way of imprest, and upon account, according to such warrants and orders as either are or shall be signed by the King. This Sign Manual, with the Treasury warrant, and order of the Auditor of the Exchequer made in purftiance of the Sign Manual, after being entered in the Pay Office, are lodged at the Exchequer, and give the Paymaster General a credit there for the firm mentioned in those instruments. To obtain any part of this credit, the Paymaster Gene - - ral presents a memorial to the Treasury, specifying the fnm he requires, and for what service. The Treasury, by letter, diredi the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue that sum to the Paymaster General, upon the urtfatisfied order above - mentioned. This letter being produced, and passing through the forms of office, he obtains from them the sum he wants. When the sum in this Sign Manual isexhaufted, another Sign Manual with theconfequesttinl warrant and order, is obtained, and in like manner from time to time renewed, until there is occasion for the lall sum, which completes the whole army supply of the year; when, in dead of a Sign Manual, there comes a Privy Seal, directing the issue of that remaining sum, and including, authorizing, confirming, and covering, the whole supply of that year.

It was usual formerly for the Paymaster General to apply to the Treasury every four months, each time for about a third part of the sum voted for the services of the army, under the general head ot subsistence and pay of the forces at home and abroad; but iince the ye : r 1759. the practice has been to alk of the treasury, from time to time, for the limis voted under distinct heads of service, and not until the time when the demands for the services are near approaching.

The services are ranged under two general heads, the ordinary, and the extraordinary; the ordinary, are those fur which specific sums are annually voted by parliament; the extraordinary, are those, which, though not provided for by parliament, are nevertheless considered as necessary, and therefore paid, in confidence of their being provided for in the succceding fession.

As the service is distinguished, so is the application for it to the treasury. Sums for the ordinary services are obtained upon the application of the Paymaster General him fell *; those for the extraordinary, are directed into his hands, upon the application of others.

After the supply for the pay of the army is voted by parliament, the Secretary at War fends to the Pay OfHce the four establishrnents for the year; which are, the guards, garrisons, and land forces; the forces in the plantations, and the garrisons in North - America and the West - Indies; the forces in Minorca and gsrrifon of Gibraltar; and, the Militia; with the several regulations of the subsistence. The establishment contains the distribution of the whole sum voted, amongst Lie several regiments, ccrps, garrisons.

officer ).

36a PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

officers, and private men, by the day, and by the year, and the gross sum allowed for each regiment, corps, and garrison. To each establi foment axe annexed two warrants, the one directing the Paymaster General to make a deduction of twelve pence in the pound out of all he shall issue, called the poundage, and specifying to what services it shall be applied; the other, directing a deduction of one day’s pay, out of the payments in the eflablHb - ment, for the use of Chelsea hospital.

in general, the gross sum allowed for a regiment, or corps, is divided, in the establishment, into five parts, under the description of, the full pay of each officer and private man; the allowance to widows; the allowance to the Colonel, and for doathing loll by deserters; the allowance to the Captain for recruiting, &c. and, the allowance to the agent. But in the Pay Office this gross sum undergoes a different division, confiding of, the subsistence, the poundage, the hospital, the allowance to widows, the net off - reckonings, the clearings, and sometimes respits.

It is in consequence of these deductions from, and divisions of, the gross sums allotted to different corps, and of distinct sums being provided by parliament for certain services, that the application by the Paymaster General to the Treasury, for money, is made under distinct heads of service. Thele services may, for the purpose of our enquiry, be distinguished under three heads:

First, Those services for which the whole sum received by the Paymaster General, at the exchequer, is issued by him soon after he receives it.

Secondly, Those, for which the sum he receives, belonging to particular persons, remains in his possession, upon account of the persons entitled, until they, or their agents, apply to him for payment.

Thirdly, Those, for which a part only of the sum he receives, is issued him soon after he receives it, and the remainder continues in his hands for any indefinite time.

Of the first class, where he ( ocn issues all he receives, are, the returned poundage; Chelsea hospital, and the out - pensioners; the subsistence of the forces in Jamaica and the East - Indies, and of the non - commissioned officers and private men in Africa; the subsistence and clothing of the militia and invalids; the subsistence issued upon account; the stoppages of the officers; subsistence in the West - Indies, North - America, and garrisons of Gibraltar and Minorca; the General and Staff - Officers and gamfons in Great Britain; the net oft - reckonings; the allowances to the Colonel, Captain, and Agent; the clearings; foreign subsidies; arrears of the foreign troops; levy money; and all the extraordinaries. Under the head of subsistence of the forces at home, so much of the sum received, as the subsistence actually amounts to, is issued to the agents as soon as he receives it.

Of the second class, are. The reduced officers, and, under the several heads of the gamfons abroad, the General and Staff - Officers, and hospital abroad; so much of the sums voted for these services, as is contained in each warrant for the pay of the officers named in the certificate, remains in his hands until those officers or their agents apply for it.

Of the third class, where he issues a part only of the sums he receives, are, the subsistence of the forces at home; the subsistence of the non - com - nuifioned officers and private men of the British forces in the West - Indies and North - America, and of the foreign troops 5 the garrisons abroad; and, the General and Staff - Officers and hospital abroad. Besides these, there are Tome other heads of service, to satisfy which, he does not expressly apply to the treasury for money, but pays the demands for them out of what he has rcceiwd under other heads of service; these are, the allowance to widows

some

A. 1782.

DEBATES.

361

some services to which the poundage is made subject By the King ' s warrant; and, contingencies.

Having thus procured the knowledge of the services, and of the mode oC receiving from the exchequer, and of ilfuing money for each service; it remained, in order to find oat the component parts of this balance, to compare the sums received for these services, with the films issued, and fee what remained in the hands of the Paymaster General under each head : but the manner - hi which the accounts in this office are now, and have been kept from time to time immemorial, render such an Investigation hardly practicable.

When the Paymaster General pafles an account before the auditor of the imprest, he charges himself therein, with the money he has received out of the exchequer, during the period of that account, in one gross sum; he verifies the charge by the imprest roll, which specifies the sums he has received in each memorial, and the terms in which he received them, but not for what services; all that is required of him is, to render an account for what services he has expanded the sum imprested to him : to do this confidently with order and method, his payments must be arranged under distinct heads of service; but there is no negeffity for making the like arrangements of his receipts, it would only occasion the entry of a variety of articles in his charge, instead of one, which one, answers full as well all the purposes of passing his accounts. With a view to this, is formed the plan upon which his books are kept; the accounts of his payments are under separate and distintt heads of service, but he has only one cash account; though in one memorial to the treasury, he often aflts for several sums, under various distintt heads of service, yet he enters the receipt in his caffi - book, as one entire sum received that day at the exchequer, and carries it as one sum to the King’s account current in his ledger : to have found out, therefore, thefavings in his hands, under any one head of service, he mud have examined every memorial presented by him to the treasury for the thirteen years he has been in office, and have extracted from thence, and collected together, all the sums he has received for that service, in order to compare them with the ifiues. And here too arose another difficulty : —In this office, a payment for any service made in a subsequent year, is entered in the account of that year in which the sum was voted for that service, unless such account is made up, and then it is entered in the next open year’s account; hence these accounts are usually kept open, until they are ready to be passed by the auditors of the imprest; which time not being yet come for the accounts of the Paymaster General in office, not one of his ledgers are yet made upj he could not therefore have given us the issues for any one service, without making up the account of that service, in every year’s ledger, since he has been in office.

Thinking ourselves by no means warranted to take up the time, and perhaps impede the current business of this office, at so busy and important a period, by employing them in so laborious, and, unless for this particular purpose, so useless a talk; we had recourse to such other circumstances m evidence before us, as might lead us to a decifiou upon the point we are purshing.

From the arrangement we have made of the sums received by the Pay# master General from the Exchequer, it appears, that the balance in his hands cannot consist of any sums comprehended in the first class; because of them he very soon ifiues all he receives : Nor is it probable, that sums in the second clafis can constitute any very considerable part of it; Because it is not to be presumed, that officers of any denomination will fufter their pay Vol. V. A a a

( jOCK Ic

36 PARLIAMENTA RY A. 17 Si.

to continue long without applying for it# either by themselves or their agents.

A continual receipt and issue, implies a balance continually in hand; there mull be the like continual balance where there are intervals between the receipt and issue, and a fresh supply always comes in before the issue, as In the case of every Bank; But our enquiry is after a sura more permanent; a sum that remains long unapplied to any service, and which, if otherwise disposed of, would occasion no interruption in the regular courie of paying the army services; for such a balance, in the hands of the Paymaster General, we mull look amongst the sums for the services named in the third class, where he ilfues less than he receives.

Under the denomination of fubfiilence for the forces at home, he receives more than that fublillence amounts to, with an intent of procuring thereby a fund for certain payments not specifically applied for by him, and therefore otherwise unprovided for : He receives fublillence upon the full establishment of the non - commissioned officers and private men of the British forces in North America and part of the West Indies, and of the foreign troops; but as these regiments mud be incomplete, and the Deputy Pav - masters there issue subsistence according to the llrength only of the regiment, he docs not remit to them the whole he receives, but so much only as, from the lad accounts they fend him of the date of the balances in their hands, he judges will be sufficient to enable them to carry on the public service. This uniliued fubfldence of the British forces in the West Indies and North America continues in his hands till the accounts of the several regiments are made np, when it falls into the clearings, and is issued to the agents but this is not till fifteen or sixteen months after they become due. The uniliued fubfiilence of the foreign troops remains with him till their arrears are paid to the agents; which time seems, from the account of the issues received from the Treasury, generally to be about two years after they are due.

He receives the whole sums voted for garrisons, llaff, and hospital abroad; but the officers in these departments, named in the certificates from the War Office, do not exhaud the whole sum voted.

Hence arises a fund composed of these savings, out of which he issues for certain services, and defrays certain expences, without making any speci£c application for them to the Treasury; these are, the allowance to widows; some of the payments to which the poundage is made applicable by the King’s warrants; and, the xnifcellaneous head of contingencies.

To demands for these services, and to no other that we can discover ( except such claims for the pay of the general and llaff officers, and officers of the garrisons and hospitals abroad, and of the reduced officers, as re - mained unsatisfied ) was this balance liable on the day of its date. What then was the amount of these demands lit that time ? Nothing had beta issued for the allowance to widows in the year 1780; for enough remained of former receipts, in the hands of the Paymaster of the widows pensions, to carry on that service; and therefore this balance was not liable to be reduced by any issue under the head of allowance to widows. We could not have the accounts of the payments out of the poundage and hospital, and for the contingencies in the year 1780, because some of the warrants had not been produced for payment, ana therefore the accounts coulcl not be made up; but finding, that where the establishments are nearly the fame, there is no considerable difference between the payments made, upon these two heads, xto ? in one year and another; we applied to the Pay Office for an ac -

' ' count of the ' payments made by the Paymaster General, out of the deductions of twelve pence in ( he pound, and one day’s pay; and foran

accoont

A. ! 7#2.

DEBATES.

N ° *.

account of the payments made by him for the contingent expences of his Majesty’s forces, for the last year, in which these accounts were made up at the office. The accounts transmitted to us, pursuant to this requisition, are of the year 1778; and as they, probably, do not vary much from those of the year 1780, they will shew us, with sufficient accuracy, the amount of the demands for these two heads of service upon the balance now before u• *. The payments out of the poundage and one day’s pay, confilt of salaries to officers. Exchequer fees, returned poundage, and Chelsea Hospital; the whole amount of which, for this one year, is One hundred Fourteen thousand Two hundred Sixty - five pounds Ten shillings and Two pence. The articles of Exchequer fees, returned poundage, and Chelsea Hospital, though placed to this account, are not demands upon this balance. The Exchequer fees for every sum, are always paid at the Exchequer out of the sum, at the time it is received; the Paymaster General debits his cash with the whole sum he applies for, and credits it for the fees; and therefore the only alteration made in his cash, is an increase by the funi he aflts, deducing the Exchequer fees. The other two services being applied for under their specific heads, he receives a sum with one hand, and liTues it with the other; and therefore these three articles, amounting to NinetyWeven thousand Nine hundred and Twelve pounds Seven shillings and Six pence, being deducted from the total, leaves the sum of Sixteen thousand Three hundred Fifty - three pounds Two shillings and Eight pence only, as a charge upon this balance; which sum, confiding chiefly of salaries, for the most part paid quarterly, soon after they become due, leaved claims to a very small amount indeed to be satisfied out of this balance.

The contingent expences confid of a variety of articles, amounting to twenty - four thousand nine hundred and fourteen pounds nineteen shillings and eight - pence; this account never either much exceeds, or comes much under, twenty - four thousand pounds, the sum voted for the contingencies upon the edablishment at home and abroad; for so much of these payments as exceed the sum voted, are carried to the account of extraordinaries; These articles being paid some quarterly, ( bme half - yearly, and feme yearly, no very considerable part of them can probably remain unpaid at the end of the eleventh month of that year, and cannot therefore be a charge upon thfc balance on the 28th of November 1780 : From hence it follows, that, supposing the amount of the claims for these services in 1780, not to exceed their amount in 1778, the claims for these services upon this balance, upon the 28th of November 1780, was so much only of the sums of sixteen thousand three hundred fifty - three pounds two shillings and eight pence, and twenty - four thousand nine hundred fourteen pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence; making together forty - one thousand two hundred sixty - eight pounds two shillings and four pence; as had not been applied for, and satisfied, during the firit eleven months of that year; ana therefore, we think ourselves well grounded in an opinion, that the sum of four hundred forty - seven thousand one hundred fifty - three pounds eleven shillings and three pence ’ three farthings, in the hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, upon the 28th of November last, was greatly more than was necessary to answer the claims upon him at that time for the service of the army.

But our inquiry did not rest here; it concerns the public to know whaf proportion the sum, continually in the hands of an officer to whom so much is entrusted, bears to the services of his department; we required, therefore, from the Pay Office, an account of the balance in the hands of Q

the present Paymaster General of the Forces, on the 31st of December 1768, and at the end of each succeeding yepr, to the 31st of Dei

A a igi ! ed cember

364 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

0 - lo cember 1780, inclusive; and an account of the total sums received and paid by the Paymaster General for every month, from the 1 ft of January 1780, to the 31st of May last, with the total of the balance remaining in his hands at the end of each month. These accounts {hew, that the average yearly balance, in the hands of the present Paymaster General, for twelve years, has been five hundred eighty - five thousand eight hundred ninety - eight pounds; and his average monthly balance for seventetn months, has been eight hundred sixty - nine thousand one hundred forty - tight pounds.

The magnitude of these sums furnifties a strong presumption, that the Paymaster General of the forces possesses, constantly, a sum much larger than is requisite for the carrying on the army services 5 and we are confirmed In this opinion, by the state of the balances in the possession of the Pay - masters General of the Forces after their resignation, annexed to our last reportj by which it appears, that of four Paymaster General, each, upon his quitting the office, took with him the sum then in his hands; the balances they returned to our precepts, above twelve years after their resignations, were even then very large. Lord Holland’s balance, the Christmas after he quitted the office in 1765, was four hundred and sixty thousand pounds; in the year 1778, at the time his representatives paid back into the Exchequer two hundrea thousand pounds, it was four hundred and fifty thousand pounds; and, upon the 27th of September last, the sum returned to our requisition was two hundred and fifty - six thousand pounds; so that, during a period of fifteen years after he was out of office, it fuifered very little diminution from any claims whatever.

From these fa£ls we may infer, that a Paymaster General, at the time of his resignation, be it when it w ill, takes with him a sum of public money, a great part of which remains with him, unapplied to any public service, until his accounts are passed by the Auditors of the Imprest; and conle - questly, that he has constantly in his hands greatly more than he wants for the purposes for which it was iiTued to him.

During the course of our enquiry, certain circumstances in this office attracted our attention, as subjects demanding present correction, and prevention for the future.

The usual course of the receipts and issues in this office, for fevera ! year ?, has constantly put into the hands of the Paymaster General a large sum of public money not employed in the public service, exprefily contrary to that found maxim of prudence and oeconomy, that more should not be iffud from the Exchequer for any service, than that service wants. He asses sums of the Treasury under specific heads of service, and in the form of a computation; the Treasury direct the ifiiie in the terms he alks it, without knowing whether the service is adequate to the requisition, whether the computation be just, and whether he has not already in his hands full as much as he wants : there is no controul upon him in the Exchequer; the Only attention of that office is, to see that the issue does not exceed his credit, and that his credit does not exceed the supply for the army servicej, voted by Parliament that year. Supposing the constitutioa of this office to continue in its present form, we think the interposition of some check necessary, to reduce and confine this balance within its due bounds. The Paymaster General can receive nothing from the Exchequer, but by direction of the Treasury; the Treasury, therefore, should have the means of judging upon the propriety and rteceffity of the requisition; to which a frequent knowledge of his balance is essential; and therefore we are of opinion, that in the first memorial presented every month, by the Paymaster Gefteral

VjOOVlt r

A. tySt. DEBATES. 365

of the forces to the Lords of the Treasury, for a supply for the army services, he should always insert the sum total of the balance of public money, for the service of the army, at that time in his hands, custody, or power. What those due bounds are, within which this balance ought to be circum. - scribed, depends upon a variety of circumstances, of which the Treasury may, upon examination, obtain knowledge sufficient to direct their judgment.

But this usage of office operates Hill further; it is not confined to the Paymaster General in being only, but he has been permitted after his refig - nation, and his representatives, in case of his death, to retain the money of the public until the final adjustment of his accounts by the auditors of the imprest. The average of Lord Holland’s balance, from his resignation in the year 1765, to the year 1778, when the two hundred thousand pounds were paid into the Exchequer, by his representatives, was four hundred fifty - five thousand seven hundred thirty - five pounds. The average of the balance of the piefent Paymaster General, from the year 1768, when became into office, to the same year 1778, was four hundred fifty - three thousand one hundred and eighty pounds; making together, nine hundred and eight thousand nine hundred and fifteen pounds; a sum belonging to the public, in the possession of only two of their officers, for nine years, and the public reaping no benefit from it whatever.

The public good calls for so effectual a correction of this evil, as to present it from ever happening for the futute. As there should be a check upon the balance of a Paymaster General whilst he is in office, it is equally expedient, that he should retain his balance as short a time as possible after his resignation; that he should pay it over to his successor, 4and the subse - quest business be carried on by him, at least as much of it as can be transacted by him without causing confusion or delay. According to the present course of business in this office, upon the resignation of a Paymaster General, his accounts of the year’s establishment are carried on to h Report, the 24th of June, or 24th of December, preceding or subse - + jjoj. quest to his resignation, as is most convenient to the public service; when it is subsequent, he receives from the Exchequer, though out of office, his proportion of the supply of the year to that time, and applies it in discharge of the demands upon the service, which accrued down to that period; but of these demands, some do not come in a course of payment, others are not applied for till some time after they are due; neither the nett off - reckonings nor the clearings, which are the last payments on account of a regiment, are discharged till fifteen or sixteen months after they become due; the general, staff, and reduced officers, do not all apply immediately for their pay; warrants for contingencies are frequently not produced until several months after they are payable; and the Paymaster General has deputies in various parts of the world, whose accounts he mull, have time to adjust; it is therefore convenient, and prevents trouble to the office, that his business should be carried on, and so much of the public money, as is necessary for that purpose, continue in his hands for some short time afterwards; and if the balance be confined within its proper bounds, whilst he is in office, the interest of the public will not be materially affected by the detention of a moderate balance, for a few months after his resignation.

; If claimants for Aims directed, but not applied for, in the time of the pfredeceflor, mull, according to the present forms of office, have recourse to the Treasury for new warrants, those forms arc inconvenient, and should be altered; the successor should be such demands, under the

' autho -

3 66

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 17

authority given to the predeccffor, without putting claimants to the trouble and expence of a second application.

Was the Paymaster General to retain his balance until his accounts arc inally adjusted, the public would be kept eut of their money to a very dif. tant and uncertain period. It is sixteen years since Lord Holland resigned, and his accounts are ( till in the office of the Auditors af the Impreit un - settled; the present Paymaster General has been in office thirteen years, and the first three years and a half only of his accounts are sent into that office and in their Aril llage. The public have a right to be informed how their money has been expended, and as speedily as possible after the expenditure : the evils attending delay are many and obvious, both to the person accounting, and tothofe entitled to call for the account. Being accustomed to go in one track, and lone inattention to this point, in the departments both of the Paymaster General and of the Auditors of the Irapreft, added to a great increase of bufineA, have produced long arrears; it requires and there ought to be, an extraordinary exertion in both offices, to bring the accounts forward and to introduce and establish that order and regularity in making them up and keeping them, which should be drictly adhered to in every office of account To obtain and preserve an accurate and competent knowledge of the date they are in, they should be made up and balanced once a year to a certain dated time, and as soon as may be after that dated time is elapsed. But the time it takes to complete the payment of certain services and the manner of carrying on some branches of the buAness in this office are impediments to such a regulation, and ieem not well calculated either for perlpicuity or expedition There are certain Hervices, for which mo specific films are appropriated, either by the vote of Parliament, or by the distribution in the establishment; but they are paid out of funds com -

Sounded of a great variety and number of articles fubitracted from various ifferent gro ( s sums, either voted or allotted for certain purposes : these services are, Chelsea Hospital the allowance to widows, the doathing of the regulars. Exchequer fees, and salaries to certain officers. One of these funds is the poundage, which con Acts of various deductions of twelve - pence in the pound upon almod every individual sum ( except the half - pay, of which the deduction is only six - pence in the pound ) voted, or allotted by the distributions in the edabliffiments, for the army services; out of this fund are paid id. The returned poundage; that is, this very deduction thus made, is paid back to certain corps; so that this part of it seems to be deducted for no other purpose but that of returning it back again ' 2dly A part of this poundage is applied towards the expences of Chelsea Hospital. 3 < lly, The remainder pays the Exchequer fees, and the salaries of the Paymaster General, and of other officers.

The expences attending Chelsea hospital are paid out of two funds, blended together; the one is part of the poundage above - mentioned; the other is formed of the deductions of one day’s pay of every person named in some of the establishments, and of some of the persons named in other of the establishments : to form this fund, and that of the poundage, and to make these several deductions, is the buAness of the Pay - Omce.

The allowance to widows, conAlts of the pay of two private men a company, and is a part of the establishment in every regiment; this comes front the War - Office, but the several articles are collected together from the regimental distributions, and formed into a fund, in the Pay - Office *

The fund for the doathing is called the nett off - reckonings; and is composed of deduttio is made in the Pay - Office, out of the sums allotted in the

eitab -,

A. 1781. DEBATES. 567

establishment for the full pay of the non - commissioned officer and private men, in most of the regiments and corps.

One effect of these operations is, that in making of the state of evetyregi - ment in the Pay - Office, the sum allotted for its pay in the establishment must consist of fix parts; the poundage, the hospital, the subsistence, the allowance to widows, the off - reckonings, and the clearings, and some times respits. This date, besides the bufmeis it creates in the Pay - Office, must be examined, computed, and signed, by the agent; for he receives the clearings, which is the balance due to the regiment; the truth of which balance depends upon - thejuftness of the calculation of the other divisions : it must be examined too, and computed, by the auditor of the imprest; for the Paymaster - General taking credit in his account for the whole pay of each regiment, and fur - charging himself with the total amount of the deductions of the poundage hospital, and widows, in every year, the Auditor cannot know the accuracy of the surcharge, without an examination of each article that compotes it.

To persons accustomed to the course of the office, these computations are easy and familiar; but they certainly must take up time; an object, coafi - dering the present state of the army accounts, worth attending to If, instead of these dedudions, certain specific distinct Aims were estimated and set apart for these service in the establishment; if dillind accounts were kept of the receipts and payments, under each head of service 5 if the cloaihing of the regulars was voted like the cloathing ' of the militia, separate from the establishment; if the sum allotted to a fegiment should be the actual pay, and the whole of it be distributed amongst the officers and private men, and paid to them without dedudion, at such times and in such proportions as shall be deemed belt for the service; if every distinct service had its ' distinct appropriation, which can be easily estimated by die experience of preceding years; it should seem as if this branch of the pay of the army might be carried on in a more simple, expeditious, and intelligible manner.

in public trusts, the possibility of a loss should be guarded against, as much as the nature of the trusts will admit, without any respect to persons or placing anymore confidence in any man than can be helped. The sums that appear to have been intruded to Paymasters General, are of a magnitude that implies danger to the public; for who can give, or find fectmty for the payment of them ? At the head of this class of accountants, lands an instance of an actual loss; the last account that was passed ™ of Lord Lincoln ' s was to the 24th December 1719, between ll - which, and the 25th of June 1720, four hundred teventy - three thonfitnd one hunded and ' twenty - leven pounds, were issued. to him from the Exchequer; of this sum it does not appear that any account was ever given, nor have we been able to trace, either in the Pay - Office, or in that of the Auditors of the Imprest, the expenditure of any part of it; neither book nor paper, relative to this acccount, is to be found in either - of those offices. It has been the practice of the Paymasters General, when they went out of office, to take with them the IBooks and papers that relate to their aoceunts, as their own private property; but as the Paymaster General is an offioer appointed to a public trull, his office created for the use of, and supported by, the public, and his books contain accounts of the receipt and expenditure of public money; we are of opinion that all these official books and papers are, and should be considered as the property of the public, and as such, left and deposited in the pay office, for the use and information of posterity.

The regulations hitherto suggested, arc upon a supposition that the con - ftitutioa of this office continues in its present form; but there is a modifica -

» on.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

tion, which, if it can be adopted, will effectually remove the power, and therefore the possibility, of loss or abuse; that is, by taking away from the Pay matter General of the forces, the custody of the public calli, and placing it in the Bank of England; this Treasury will then be converted into an office of mere account, and the Paymaster General, instead of being the Banker of the army, will be the instruinent only through whom the army services are paid, without having the power of applying the public money to any other purposes whatever. Some judgment may be formed how far this plan is practicable, by comparing the alteration it will make in the reat outlines of the business of this office, the receipt, the ittue, the keeping the accounts, and the accounting, with the forms now in use. The imprest mutt be to the Bank; the Bank mutt make the payments, by means of checque drafts drawn by the Paymaster General, specifying the warrant, and the service : The Paymaster General must keep the account of these receipts and payments, and the Bank a duplicate; both must join in patting the accounts, the one producing the warrants discharged by his drafts, the other producing the drafts discharged by payment. Under the present conflitu - tion of this office, the Paymaster General keeps his cash at the Bank; the Bank receives it at the Exchequer on his account; he never pays in cash, but by his cashiers drafts on the Bank : He keeps the accoont of all these receipts and payments, as if they were transacted in calk : Th& warrant in - dorfed, or the warrant and receipt, or the warrant and regimental pay book, signed by the agent, and receipt for the off - reckonings, are his vouchers : His deputies pay, when they can, by drafts upon the agent to the remitter, who is the Bank abroad, and accountable to the public.

Such is the limilitude between the mode proposed and the mode in use; and thus far this regulation carries with it all the appearance of being reducible to practice.

We are well aware of the difficulties that must for ever attend the introducing novelty of form into antient offices, framed by the wisdom of our ancestors, and established by the experience ages; they are considered as incapable of improvement; the officers educated in, and accustomed to the forms in use, are infenlible of their defects, or, if they feel them, have no leisure, often no ability, seldom any inclination, to correct them; alarmed at the idea of innovation, they refill the proposal of a regulation, because it is a change, though from a perplexed and intricate, to a more simple and intelligible fyftera.

To trace this alteration through every branch of the business, to mark all its effects, that it does not in anywise disturb the pay of the army, perplex the accounts, or throw difficulties or delay in the patting them; to point out the steps by which it ought gradually and methodically to be introduced, is a Work of long serious attention and accurate examination; but the appearance this plan carries with it of being practicable, and the advantage it holds out to the public, in an office, that certainly Hands in need of some reform, afford us sufficient reason for submitting the confederation of it to the wisdom of the legift ture.

Office ofaccounts Guy Carleton,

Surrey - Street, T. Anguish,

loth Auguff 1781. A. Piggott *

Rich. Neave,

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo Drummond.

by p p E N D j

( L. s. ) ( L. s. ) ( L. S. ) ( L. & ) ( L.

( L. S )

APPENDIX.

Bib

Vot. V.

N9 i.

o

An ACCOUNT of the several Aims issued to the right honourable Richard Rigby Paymaster General of the forces, from the 24th day - of December 1779 to the 25th day of December 1700, and from that period to the present time ( 16th May 1781 ); distinguishing the times when issued, and for what particular services.

o

o

eg

FT

Date of IlTue. SERVICES. '. .. f •. Voted Services. Extraordinaries.

[1779• 27th Dec. George Browne, for provisions sent to Goree - - *. 055 3

31ft D ° Messrs. Mure and Co, for freight, &c, - - 1780. Toth Jan. Sundry contractors, for provisions - — - — 36, 03816 9

— — 33 > 364 —

11th D ° 61 days pay of Hanoverians, to 23d February 1780 - 13th D °. Bank of England, for bills of Exchange - - - 7, 806 6 nl 3 ° > 3 3 3 « if

17th D ° Advanced subsistence to ill battalion Lord ] McLeod’s regiment, to 24th December 1780 - - - - 92 days subsistence, to 24th April 1780, to 86th, 87th, 90th, and 91ft regiments - -. ... 18th D ° 30 days subsistence of troops at home, to : 23d February 1780 9, 094 10 « — 11, 363 2 3 79, 696 3 8

D ° - of Militia, - to D9 61 Days Stoppages from the subsistence of the forces abroad, to D - D ° 30 Days subsistence of 10 companies of invalids, to 23d January 1780, Upon account of subsistence of a regiment to be raised by Major General Rainsford - - - -. - iftD ° Towards satisfying arrears of pay to the Hessian troops, for the year 1777 - - 44, 042 19 4 41, 168 12 3 997 1 ° — " 1, 000 — — 56, 000 —• —

tr

S

w

2

OO

14 Feb. ' j6th D ° JL2d D

Q.

ft March C > 2d D ° O

eg

K

To George Brown, for provisions, and S. Martin for Coals

Bank of England, for bills of Exchange - - -

31 Days subsistence of the forces at home, to 25th March 1780 D ° - of Militia, -, to D

Subsistence of the forces at Gibraltar - - -

D® to the 27th and 38th regiments, 5001. each -

61 Days subsistence of the troops at Minorca, to 24th August 1780 Subsistence of the forces in the West - Indies, to 24th June 1780

Days subsistence of British forces in America, to 24th August 1780 - - - -

Subsistence on account to Humberfton’s and Fullarton 6 corps D ° - Major Holroyd’s dragoons

D ° - Colonel M ormick’s foot

3 Months subsistence in advance to 85 th and 92d regiments Subsistence, Colonel White’s regiment foot D ° in advance to 93d regiment -

61 Days subsistence Hefiian troops, to 24th August 1780 D ° - Troops of Waldeck, to D

Daniel M ' Phall, for pay of an express boat -

To satisfy sundry warrants for extraordinary services - -

For 30 days subsistence of the forces at home, to the - 24th of April 1780 - - -

For 152 days pay of the 2d battalion of the 73d foot, to the 24th August 1780 - - -

For 30 Days subsistence of Militia, to 24th April 1780 -

For 61 days stoppages from the subsistence of the forces serving abroad, to D ° - - - -

To ra bill drawn from Gibraltar, for subsistence of the garrison there

79, r99 5 10 44, 175 15 6

3. 000 - - - - -

1. 000 — —

3, 180 3 9

, 677 16 8

1

7, 947 8 1

1, 000 - - —

1, 000 - - - - -

700 - - - - -

5, 581 6 8

700 — — 2, 820 4 10 2, 121 — 5

1, 052 16 5

70, 134 2 8

6, 349 16 —

42, 901 - - - - -

41, 867 18 — 7, 000 — —

4, 171 8 5

20, 885 11 10

OO

ttf

335 4 4 210, 815 6 10 t *

Bate of the Issue.

1780.

22d March

o

o

FT

15 th April

18 th April 19th D ° D

For 152 days pay of the 89th regiment, to 24th August 1780

122 D

D ° D

D ° D

, D ° D

92 D

D ° D

3 Months D

86th D 87th D ° 90th D ° 91ft J > ° 85th D ° 9zd D ° 94th D

to D ° to D ° to D ° to D ° to D ° to D ° to B ° June 1780

For stoppages of two pence per man per day from the pay of the non - commissioned officers and private men of the several corps of foreign troops in the pay of Great - Britain, for 183 days, to the 24th December 1779 - - - -

For subsidies to foreign Princes

For Provision Contractors, and to Meffirs. Harley and Drummond, to be remitted to America, &c.

For arrears of pay to the troops of Hefie and Anfpach, in the years 1776, 1777, ncl 778 - - -

For sundry Provision Contraflow - - -

For the bank of England, for bills of exchange 30 Days subsistence of the forces at home, to 24th May 1780 D ° ' - - of militia, to D ° -

61 Days subsistence of the British forces in America to the 24th October 1780 - - -

D ° of the forces at Minorca, to D

D ° of the forces in the Well - Indies, to D®

Voted Services. Extraordinaries.

4, 661 6 8 3. 780 19 8 3, 741 8 3, 771 16 8 3. 780 19 8 2. 821 6 8 2. 821 6 8 2, 820 4 10

32, 604 10 — 25, 860 s 7

— ~ 44 433 1 7

160, 000 — — rr - — 76, 934 18 43 385 15 — 196, 9 « 4 1 28, 681 11 6$

i 7 947 8 J. 3 188 9 4 J. 677 16 8,

Vi

V

> 5 f.

HI

s

w

z

50

Hj

£D

o

4

rT

D

D

: aoth D

. 2d May I > 6 D

D

: 3thD

D

22d May. 33d D

26th D ° 27th D

Do of HeAlans, to Do — - '

Do of Troops of Waldeck, to ' Do -

Arrears of Hanaa troops, anno -

Admiral Edwards, pay as G over not V Newfoundland Robert Mayne, Esquire, Provision C % ntra3or t - 6i Days pay of Hanoverians, to24th nne 1780 - To sundry persons, for extraordinary re vices ! por fabfidies to foreign Princes ». -

For fondry Provisioa Cant razors -

61 Days subsistence of sundry regiments, to 24th December 1780 122 Do for sundry new - raised regiments, to ditto Messrs. Harley and Drummond, to be remitted abroad To the contractors for home encampments

For subsistence in advance to two companies of the 71ft, and one company of the 24th regiments, to 24th December For subsistence in advance to sundry new - raised corps, to 24th August 1780 -

18a Days subsistence, ift battalion Lord M < Leod ’ s, to 24th June 1781 - - -. -

30 Days subsistence of the forces at home, to 24th June 178a 30 Days Do of militia t to Do 01 Days stoppages from tire pay of the forces serving abroad Sundry Provision Contractors -

To ( atisfy warrant for militia doathing - -

Do sundry warrants for extraordinary Services 3. 65 Days pay of General, Staff, and Hospital Officers in America, to 24th December 1779 - - - -

365 Days pay of garrisons abroad, to 2 ^. th December > 779 182 Days net off - reckonings of his Majesty’s forces, to 24th June 779 - •

» t21

% ! ll

3 83 16

1 77 16 % ® > oi6 _ _. _ _

6 ' S43 4 8

3, 89 ° 9 ie 7 698 i, « _ I7 ’ 6 ic

tl ' lZ 3 d

42 3J7 18 83 JJj 19.

16

_ 549 — — r7 I7 — 11 7 8o6 4, i S3 4 4 9 - il

3o ' 63 7 16

20, 000 —. 0, 000 — _ _ _ _

00

to

73, 674 13

hi

S *

S

co

Date of the I/Tue#

1780. 27th May

30th D

31ft D ° i « il, June 7th D

16th D

Jt iilD9

r tVD9. 4th July D ° 6th D9 Bth D ° lath. D9

a8th. D9

Towards arrears of Hanau troops, anno 1778 Sundry warrants for extraordinary expences -

Remittance Contractors - -

Provision Contractors - -

Remittance Contractors -

Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange - -

Sundry Provision Contractors - -

Subsidies to foreign Princes -

For Chelsea Hospital, for 183 days, to 24th June 1780

Bills drawn by the Deputy Pay mailer in the Welt - Indies

30 Days subsistence of the forces at home, to 24th July 1780

30 Days subsistence of militia, to D

61 Days D ° of the British troops in America, to 24th December 1780 -

61 Days D

D

D

D

to D ° to D ° to D ° to D

of Hefiian, of Waldcck troops, of troops of Anlpach, of troops at Minorca,

To Thomas Wilkinson, for a Bill of Exchange

183 Days half pay; to 24th June 1780

Sundry warrants for extraordinary services

Contractors, for remitting money to North - America

Provision Contractors

Contractor for home encampments

Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange -

Sundry warrants for extraordinary services

Voted Services. Extraordlnarles.

4, 500 — —

— — 15, 60713 9

—— — 10, 000

— — 78, 610 4 6

- L 336, 414 2 6

— — 18, 188 16 8£

— —. S4 > 548 4 9

25, 860 5 7

58, 276 11 9i

— —— 7, 681 4 —

79, 625 — 8

43, 618 5 —

22, 103 6 3

24, 035 8 2

1, 052 16 5

2, 648 7 8

3, 245 11 io

— — 2, 343 — 2

4 '. 756 H 3

II, l88 2 3

207, 921 15 —

— - 50, 000 — —

4, 500

— — 43 > 8H ' 3

— — 17, 297 16 3

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

g

N

0

Cl

cr

b

o

( 0

20th D® 22d D®

D

27th D ° 28th D ° 29th D

28th D ° 3d August

14th D ° 19th D ° 23d D

26th D

7th Sept.

14th D ° 16th D

Contractor for home encampments - -

Contractor, for remitting money to North America 31 Days subsistence of forces at hom£, to 24th August, 17

' 31 Days subsistence of militia, to 24th August, 1780 61 Days - stoppages from subsistence of forces abroad, to D

George Leonard, for services in America Sundry warrants for extraordinary services

Bills of exchange, drawn by the Deputy Paymaltcr in the West Indies - - - -

Subsidies to foreign Princes Remittance and other Contractors Sundry warrants for extraordinary services Warrants for militia cloathing Sundry provision Contractors Sundry warrants for extraordinaries 6 1 Days subsistence of British forces in North - America, to 23d February 1781 D ° — — Hessians, - '

D ° — — regiment of Waldeck

D ° — — forces in the West - Indies,

D ° — —. forces at Minorca,

30 Days subsistence of the forces at home, to the 23d of September, 1780 - - - -

D ° - - militia, - to D

Warrants to Contractors - -

6 Months pay of gattifons in Great - Britain, to 24th June 1780 6 Months allowance of lire and candle for D °, to D

Poundage from the pay of the infantry, 6 taonths, to D

Sundry Warrants for extraordinary services Bank of England, for bills of exchange -

to D ° to D ° to D ° to D

i

73, 59610 3 45, 396 17 8

4 j, 1 1 9 11

1, 300 —

50, 000 — m

00

2, 000 —

30, 939 2 9

32, 604 10 —

7 ’ 947 7 1 2, 121 — 5 1, 052 16 5

9, 641 13 10

•937 II I of

79, 552 15 6

43. 947 5 —

13, 987 16 8

1, 761 6

5. 336 4 3

u, i8j 17 4

104, 500 - - - - -

46, 472 7

11, 618 14 1 n 364, 707 5 3

53, 627 7 — w

►3

M

f13

22, 515 5 —

1, 651 - 7 — 33, 619 — 9 w

M

Vt

Date of the IBue.

Voted Services.

3

Extraordinaries.

I

o

o

o

1780. 15th Sept.

aoth D

19th D ° 2lft D *

D *

, 9th. October

19th D

Pay of Hanoverians -

Warrant for extraordinary services

31 Days subsistence of forces at home, to 24th October 1780 31 D ° - of militia, - to D

61 Days stoppages from pay offerees abroad, to D

Contractors for Jiome encampment -

Bills drawn by the Deputy Pay mailer in the Wed - Indies Upon account of subsistence of an augmentation to Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton’s and Humberfton’s corps Sundry warrants for extraordinary services Remittance, and other Contractors -

30 Days subsistence of forces at home, to 23d November 1780 D ° - of militia, to Da

122 Days D ° of 4th, 5th, and 49th regiments, to 24th OCtobe

1780 - 153 Days pay of 85th regiment, to 24th October 1780 358 Days D of Isle of Man corps, to Da On account of subsistence of 97th regiment

60 Days subsistence of Britidi forces in America, to 24th Apn

1781 - - -

D ° - Hessians, - to D

D ° - Regiment of Waldeck - to D

D ° - Troops in the West - Indies, to D

60 Days subsistence of ganrifon of Minorca, to 24th April 1781

61 Days D ° of troops in Jamaica, to 24th December 1780

Subsidies to foreign Princes -

7, 806 6 Ilf

74, 859 14 — 45, 490 19 — 48, 500 - - - - -

1, 000 — —

79, 682 16 10 45, 023 10 —

8, 341 1s —

4 692 - - - - -

3, 076 11 —

1, 000 — —

2, 450 8.

25 455 « 3 4 1, 035 10 5 9, 483 12 8

2, 915 10 6 16, 439 10 —• 23, 986 4 7

25 275 — 3

4, 500 - - - - -

10, 672 6 4

6, 032 3 2

138, 291 8 9

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7 *.

VOL. V. c cDigfeedby

loth Nov, 27 th Do

28th Do

29th Do 30th Do 8th Dec. 15th Do 14th Do 22 < i Do Do

Remittance Con trailers -

Do. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ... - - - -

Towards 3 months subsistence in advance, to 3 regiments 31 Days l ' ubfistence of the forces at home, to the 24th of December, 1780 - - - - - - - -

Do. .. militia - to Do

183 Days nett off - reckonings of the forces, to Do To complete subsistence, in advance, to 3 regiments - 61 Days stoppages from pay of troops abroad, to 24th December, 1780 - -

365 Days clearings of sundry regiments, to 24th December 1779 Do - - of militia - - to Do - - -

Sundry warrants for extraordinary services - - -

Subsidies to foreign Princes -

Remittance and Provision Contractors -

Provision Contractors -

Bills drawn from the West - Indies - - -

Bank of England, for Bills of Exchange - Do

Provision and Remittance Contractors -. Chelsea Hospital, half a year, due at Christmas 1780 30 Days subsistence of forces at home, to 23d January 1781 Do - - of militia to Do -

61 Days Do of British forces in North - America, to 24th June 1781 Do of the forces in the West - fndies, to Do

91 Days subsistence, sundry corps, to 25th March 1781 61 Days subsistence of Hessians, to 24th June 1781 Do - - troops of Anfpach, to Do - -

Do 1 troops of Waldeck, to Do -

5, 951 10 11$

7£ > ° 37 45 > 747

4

3

149, 704 18 2, 586 3

95, 121 18 1

44, 176 - - - - -

42, 657 16 8

3 938. 5, 068

6

3

23, 508 — 11

2, 648 7

1, 052 16

238, 108 16 6 > 11, 89 3 6 -

- 1

00

N

48, 187 18 —

31, 617 3 7

24, 627 7 7 180, 368 w

— 12 6

57 922 10 10 621, 702 1 w

— — 7 4

— — 21, 964 2 —

— — 6. 375 5 — H

— — 18, 192 1 7 *

— — 48, 901 7 7 w

— — 1 5 > 247 11 5

57 433 8 9i

vj

o

o

Date of the Tflue,

- % i

1780.

22d Dec. rContractor for home encampments

. Sundry warrants for extraordinary services

1781.

112th Jan.

16th D ° 18th D DQ

20th D ° 8th Feb. 13th D

22d D

Remittance Contractors — - - - -

D

Subsistence in advance to 10 independent companies

31 Days subsistence of the forces at home, to 23d February 1781

31 Days D ° of militia — to D

61 Days stoppage6 from pay of the forces abroad, to D

Six Months subsistence ill batt. 73d foot, to the 24th of December, 1781 «. .. -

183 Days half pay, to 24th Dec. 1780, in part - Bank of England, for bills of exchange - -

Two months subsistence in advance, to 3 regiments, to 24th May 1781 - - - -

61 Days pay of Hanoverians - -

In full of 183 days half pay, to 24th December 1780 In part of 30 days subsistence of the forces at home, to 25th March 1781 - - - -

30 Days — D ° — militia — to D

61 Days D ° British forces in America, to 24th Augull 1781 61 Days D ° of the forces in the Welt - Indies, to D

61 Days D ° of Hcflians — —. to D

Voted Services. Extraordinaries.

4 207 1 1

— — 34, 608 3 io£

3. 334. 289 16 4, 336, 96 ! 12 5J

_ _ 468, 028 4 9

— — 1 1 0 0 0 > 0 N

500 —

73. 499 5 6

45. 887 4 8

4 ' > 7S7 1. 8 —

7. 740 18 —

34. 951 7 4 a 39, 623 jl

6, 796

7, 8o6 6 11 - I

6, 804 l6 IO;

60, 683 6 6

44, 482 10 —

27, 003 5 *

7 938 6 10

3 5 ° 8 — - 11

o *

PARLIAMENTARY1 A. 1782,

D

eg

o

o

n

2j$tl March

24 th D

27th D

29th D ° 31ft D ° 6th April 1. 2th D ° KjthV9

61 Days D ° of Anlpach troops — D *

61 Days D ° of troops of Waldeck — - to D ° " "

In full of 30 days subsistence of the forces at home, to 25th March 1781 - - -

30 Days — D ° of Da, to 24th April 1781

Subsistence of sundry independent companies -

30 Days subsistence of militia, ' to 24th April 1781

60 Days stoppages from the pay of the forces abroad, to 24th April

1781 - - - -

Deduction of 2d per day per man, from the pay of the foreign troops in the pay of Great - Britain, for 183 days, to 24th December 1780 -

Poundage of the infantry from 25th June to 24th December 1780 366 Days pay of the General and Staff Officers in Great - Britain, to 24th December 1780 - -

Sundry Remittance and Provision Contradors - -

Bank of England, for bills of exchange -

Subsidies to foreign Princes - - -

Arrears of pay to Hessian troops in 1779 and 1780 Sundry warrants for extraordinary expences -

Bills of exchange - - -

Sundry Provision Contradors - -

Warrants of extraordinary services -

Provision Contrador - - -

30 Days, subsistence of forces at home, to 24th May. 1781 30 Days D ° militia - ‘ to D ° - -

6j Days D ° British forces in America, to 24th October 1781

61 Days D ° forces in the West - Indies, to D ° -

61 Days D ° Heftians — to D

61. Days D ° troops of Anfpach to D0 - -

2, 648 7 8

1, 052 16 5

24, 889 3 9

72, 788 — 3 850 - - - - -

44 > 4#4 —

VJ

00

b

44 ° 37 18 —

32, 604 10 — 26, 031 18 8

w

td

4i, t6o 16 5

62, 293 9 3l

120, 000 — - - - - -

88, 375 5 5

44, 482 IO - -

27 > ? 9 3 1

7, 938 6 10

23, 508 —11 2, 64s 7 8

565, 866 ' 9

36, 451 1 - I

w

34M9 i, « i5 11 8 9 9i CO

36, 393 H 3

647 10 —

2, 326 5 7

VI

o

o

D

Hate of the I/Tuc.

1781.

19th April 61 Days fubli fence of troops of Waldeck, to 24th October 1781

28th D ° Subsistence of the troops at Goree, for 9 months

9th May Subsidies to foreign Pnnces

61 Days pay of Hanoverians - -

nth D ° Bank of England, for bills of exchange

Sundry Provision Contractors -

14th D ° Bank of England, for bills of exchange -

Sundry warrants for extraordinary services

Voted Services. Extraordinaries.

1, 052 16 5

- 672 16 8

T 23, 322 2 2\

7, 806 6 1 if

- ' — — 35, 062 16 ioJ

— - — 210, 733 2 4

- — — 12, 785 11 n£

- — — 87, 186 18 3

1, 089, 931 17 4 1, 401, 523 7 10i

2

73

A. 1781 *

DEBATES, 381

N ° a.

The examination of Mr. John Hughfon; taken upon oath, the 12th of

June 1781.

This examinant faith, that he is Clerk of the Debentures, in the office of the Auditor of the Exchequer; and has been near twenty - five years in the office.

The first knowledge the Auditor of the Exchequer has of the grants of Parliament, for the service of the army, is by the votes of the House of Commons; he is bound to take notice of these grants, and not to issue more than the sums granted.

The King’s fi ? n manual, the Treasury warrant, and the order from the Auditor, gives the Paymaster a credit in the Exchequer for the sum mentioned in the order; this sum is issued to him, either in the whole or in parts, in pursuance of letters from a Secretary of the Treasury, until the whole is exhaulted. These sums are entered upon the order as they are paid, which is one mode of keeping the accounts of these payments in the Auditor’s office : the sums mentioned in these orders are usually round sums, without fra&ions; and when there remains in the Exchequer a fraction only of the entire sum voted for the service of the army for tndt year, or whenever the latt issue is to be made, instead of a sign manual for that remainder, a privy seal is sent to the Auditor for the payment of it to the Pay matter, taking notice of the sum total that had been directed to be issued by the former ligna manual and warrants, and that such sum total, together with the sum remaining, will satisfy the whole sum granted by Parliament that year for the said services.

After an order is compleated, it is endorsed by the Paymaster, or his deputy, and remains with that Teller who pays the latt sum, as a voucher for the payments.

The Auditor is bound to direct the Tellers to pay the sums mentioned in the warrants, provided they do not exceed the sums granted by Parliament.

JOHN HUGHSON,

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richard Neave,

Samuel Beachcrofr,

George Drnmmond.

N‘ j.

The examination of Richard Molesworth, Esquire, taken upon oath, the

I ith of June 1781.

This examinant faith, that he was Deputy Paymaster in North - America, during the years 1776, 1777, and 1778, the greatest part of tfhich time he was in Rhode - Island. Whenever he apprehended that he should want money for the service of the troops, he applied to the commanding officer of the corps, and settled with him the sum that would probably be wanted, and in consequence of his approbation, he required that sum from the agent of the remitters, who supplied him with it in cacti.

It is the duty of the Deputy Paymaster, not to issue any of this money, but by warrant of the commander officer of a de -

tached

38 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

tached corps; the perfori entitled to receive any Turn for the service of the army, brings this warrant to the DcputyPaymader, directed to him, and specifying the sum to be paid, to whom, and for what service, or upon account; upon payment of this sum, the person receiving it indorses the warrant, and leaves it with the Deputy Paymaster, and gives him also three receipts for the money, of the fame tenor and date, lead any of them should be loft; the warrant so inddVfed, or the warrant and a receipt, are the voucher '; for this payment. One of these receipts he transmits to the Pay - master Gener. J, with an account of his receipts and payments, signed by himself; ho keeps the warrant in his pufTellion, if it be for an extraordinary service, until it is called far, upon passing the accounts before the Auditor of the Imnreft; if it be for the pay vf a regiment, it becomes useless, after the account of that regiment is lcttled.

He IvmlVlf always paid these warrants in cash, and not by drafts; but if he had been in the same place with the Agent to the Remitters, he could have paid them, and, in his opinion, with more convenience, by drafts upon the Agent.

% RICHARD MOLESWORTH.

T. Angullh,

A. Piggott,

Samuel Bcachcroft,

George Drummond.

N ° 4.

The examination of the Right Honourable Richard Rigby, PaymaJUt General of the Force *; taken upon oath, 27th June 1781.

This examinant faith, the sum of four hundred forty - ( even thousand one hundred fifty - three pounds eleven shillings and three - pence three farthings, mentioned in the return made by him to this Board, on the 28th of November last, is, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, the whole balance cf public money then remaining in his hands as Paymaster General of the Forces. This balance does not include the money in the hands of the Deputy Paymasters abroad; it does include the balances in the hands of the Cashier of half - pay, and the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital. This balance is liable, in his hands, to every army service whatever. He is of opinion, the whole sum voted every year for the service of the army, must necessarily go - through the Paymaster GeneraPs hands.

Fie does not recoiled any inltance where the Treasury have made any objection to his applications to them for money, nor has he ever been called upon officially by them to give them a state of the balance in his hands.

He confident the books of the office, as the private property of the Pay - master, who may, if he pleases, on his resignation, taken them from the office; it has been, as he is informed, the general practice of his prede - cefiors to take them away as soon as their accounts were made up.

RICHARD RIGBY *

Guy OSMcton,

T. Anguiffi,

A. Piggott,

Richard Neave,

George Drummond.

N *

1782,

DEBATES.

3 3

N ° 5.

The examination of John Powell, Esquire, Cashier in the office of the Pay -

mailer General of the Forces; taken upon oath, the 26th and 29th of

June, and nth of July, 1781.

This examinant faith, that when it was the f. sage of the office for the Pay - mailer to ask of the Treasury for a certain portion of the year ' s supply, it was generally applied for by him under the head of lubfilience and pay of the forces at home and abroad. Since the year 1759, the sums have generally been asked of the Treasury under fioir. c special head of fcrvlce.

The Paymaster receives money from Tub - accountants, in confetjuence of their accounts having been settled by the Auditor, and balances appearing to be due from them; these fub - accountants bring to the Pay - office the Kang’s warrant, directing them to pay the sum therein mentioned to the Paymaster General; who, upon receiving it, carries the amount to the credit of the public in the King’s account current.

When the Paymaster is to receive money at the Exchequer, he docs not receive it either incafu or bills; but, as he keeps hL cadi in the Bank, the Bank Clerk, who attends there, receives it, and gives the Paymaster credit for it.

The cullom has bc. n, ever since he has been in the olKce, forjthe Pay - mailer to make all his payments by drafts on his Banker, signed by his Cashier, very rarely by himself, and then only in the absence of his Cashier.

The savings voted in aid of the supply for the year 1780, arising from floppages for provisions, the charge of new levies, pensions of oliicers widows, and subsidence of an augmentation to sundry regiments, were never directed into the hands of the Paymaster General, out of the Exchequer, for those fefvices; but directed, received, and issued, for other services. The sum of ' ten thousand pounds, out of the savings of the half - pay of Teduced officers, voted in aid of the fame supply, was money actually in the hands of the Paymaster General, received for that service.

The Secretary at War requires every year, from the Paymaster Genera ! -, an account of the savings arising by deaths and promotions of half - pay officers, part of which savings is applied to payment of persons on the compas - fionate lilt, who are the widows of officers on half - pay, and the children of officers. 0

No account can be produced of the heads of which the balance in the hands of the Paymaster General confills, without comparing the vote of Parliament every year, for every head of service, with the application; which has never been thought neccifary to be done, and would employ many Clerks for a long time.

The Accountant is the officer to make up the accounts of the Paymaster General; the only account he himself has been principally engaged in making up, is that of Lord Holland ’ s, which is - not yet compleated.

When one year ol an account is settled, the balance is carried over to the succeeding year; and upon settling the final account, is paid either to the Paymaster General for the time being, or jinto the Exchequer, as the King shall direct.

He d < 5es not believe that there remains in the hands of the Paymaster General any money upon account of the pay of the Irish regiments; their accounts being all settled and adjusted to the 24th of Pc ' ember 1778.

The Pay Office has been examined, in consequenof his directions, and no books or papers, relative to the accounts of llenry Earl ot Lincoln, late Paymaster General of the forces, are to be found there.

♦ 3

Those

A. 1782,

384 PARLIAMENTARY

Those regiments, which used to be paid in part by the Treasury of Ireland, Lave, ever finde December 1778, been voted and paid by Great - Britain.

No sum was issued from the Pay Office to the Paymaster of the widows pensions, during the year 1780, as he had sufficient in his hands to carry on that service.

Gay Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

R. Neavc,

S. Beachroft,

G. Drummond.

N ° 6.

The examination of Charles Bembridge, Esq; Accountant in the office of the Paymaster General of the forces; taken upon oath upon several days, from the 16th of May to the 13th July 1781.

This Examinant faith, that he has been Accountant to the Paymaster General of the forces from March 1776, and in the Pay Office above twenty years.

The Secretary at War, about the time of his delivering to the House of Commons the army cllimates, fends copies of them to the Pay Office : After the sums are voted upon these estimates, which are for the ordinary services of the army, the Pay Office receives from the Lords of the Treasury the King’s sign manual, directing them to issue, or cause to be issued, out of the Exchequer, to the Paymaster General, a sum therein - mentioned ( in time of war usually a million ) together with the Treasury warrant, and the order of the Auditor of the Exchequer made in pursuance of the sign manual; these three instruments, after being entered in the Pay Office, are sent from thonce to, and left at the Exchequer.

When any part of th’s money is wanted, the Paymaster General presents a memorial to the Treasury, specifying the sum required, and for what service. In consequence of this memorial, the Treasury direct a letter to the Auditor of the Exchequer, desiring him to ift ' uc to the Paymaster General, upon the unfatis. led order, the sum required, and specifying out of what fund, and for what service : this letter, after being entered in the Pay Office, is carried to the Exchequer, where the Deputy Auditor writes, at the bottom of the order above - mentioned, a direction to the teller or tellers, to pay the sum out of a fund or funds mentioned; the order is carried to the office of the pells, where the sum to be issued is recorded, and an entry of it made upon the order; which being prod deed to the Tel r > be pays the sum ( deducing the Exchequer fees ) the Deputy Paymaster giving him a receipt for the entire sum; and the Bank Cleric attending there, enters to the credit of the Paymaster General, in his Bank book, this sum ( the Exchequer fees dedu&ed. )

After the estimates are voted, the estab ' ilhrr. ents are made out at the War Office, and being ligned by the Kirg, and countersigned by three Lords of the Treasury, are transmitted to the pay Office, with the regulation of the subsistence and warrants for the deductions annexed.

Thegrofs sum for a regiment consists of five parts, ill. The full pay of the commissioned and non - commissioned officers and privates. 2d, The allowance to widows. 3d, The allowance to the Colonel, and forcloathing loft by deserters. 4th, The allowance to the Captains for recruiting, &c. 5th, The allowance to the agent.

FfOJp

JOHN POWELL.

A. 1782. DEBATES, 385

From this gross sum, except in Tome particular cases, two deductions are made by virtue of the King’s warrant; twelve pence in the pound, called poundage; and one day’s pay of the whole establishment, for the service of Chelsea hospital.

The cases exempt from the poundage and hospital are, in each troop of Horse Guards, four shillings a day, being the pay of one private gentleman, as a fund for superannuateu men; in the Dragoon Guards and Dragoons, three peace a day, being an addition to the pay of the serjeants, corporals, trumpeters, and private men; in the Foot Guards, four pence a day, being part of the pay of the serjeant, and two pence a day, part of the pay of the corporal. In the invalids, all the pay, except that of the commissioned officers *

The full pay of the commi ' ffioned officers is divided into, the fubfifience, - the poundage, the hospital, and the arrears, called clearings. The full pay - of the non - commissioned officers and private men is divided into, the fubfifience, the poundage, the hospital, the nett off - reckonings, and the agency.

First. The poundage is made applicable, by the King’s warrant, to the following purposes : to the payment of the Exchequer fee for the money received; to the support of Chelsea hospital; to the payment of the charges of the office of the Pay mailer - General; and the remainder, to such uses, relating to his service, as the King, by his sign manual, shall direct. It is asked of the Treasury, under the two following heads.

ift. Returned poundage; which is the poundage dedutted from the full pay of the effective private men of the foot guards and marching regiments, and ordered to be paid back to them by the King’s warrant : this warrant is sent, about every six months, from the War - office to the Pay - office, and specifies what sums are to be paid for this puFpose, and to what Agents; upon receipt of this warrant, the Pay mailer - General applies to the Treasury, and pays to the Agents, soon after he receives it, the whole sum included in the warrant.

adly. Chelsea hospital. When twelve months are due, a ' requisition is sent, every six months, from the Secretary’s - office at the hospital, to the Pay - office, specifying the sum wanted; the Paymaster - General then applies for it to the Treasury, and soon after the receipt, generally pays the whole sum to the Deputy Treasurer; whose accounts are examined every year in the office of the Auditor of the Imprest, from whence he obtains a certificate of the sums allowed by the Auditor to have been paid by him; the amount of which certificate the Paymaster - General takes credit for in his public accounts of each year.

These two heads exhaust a great part of the poundage; the residue is ex - haufted by Payments to the Secretary at War, CommilTary - General of the Musters, and his. Deputies, the Deputy Pay mailers, and for other services to which this fund is applicable; which payments are made by the Pay - mailer - General out of calli in his hands, without special application for it to the Treasury, more having been aiked of the Treasury under some other heads of service, than has been issued for those particular services.

Secondly. The hospital, or one day’s pay, is directed by the King’s warrant to be applied towards the supporf of Chelsea hospital; but this day’s pay not being sufficient for that purpose, and the poundage being directed m part to be applied to the fame service, this day’s pay is aiked for, blended, and issued, with so much of the poundage as is applied for the nfe of the hospital.

Thirdly. The fubfifience is regulated by the King, for the immediate and constant support of the forces. A month’s fubfifience for the forces at Vot, V, Ddd home.

386 P A R LIAMENT ARY A. 1782.

home, according to their full establishment, is aiked by the Paymaster - General every month, in advance 5 and, upon his receipt of it from the Exchequer, he pays the whole fubfiilence to the Agents of the respective regiments : but on aflcing under the head of fubfiilence, the Paymaster - General does not confine himself merely to the funr requisite for that service; knowing he shall want money to pay Exchequer fees, and several other expences for which no specific application is made to the Treasury, it has been the practice of the office to add to the fubfiilence applied for, sums to answer such other purposes and to alk for those sums together with, and under the head of subsistence.

Two months fubfiilence to the forces at Jamaica, ' according to the full establishment, is aiked, and the whole is ifibed, two months in advance, to their respective Agents.

The fubfiilence of the British flfrces, according to their full establishment, in all the other parts of the West - Indies and North - America, is divided into three parts; the first is a stoppage, directed by the Secretary at War, of a certain sum, consisting of the whole fubfiilence of such officers as chuse to draw for it upon their - Agents, and of a sum to carry on the recruiting service, and the allowance to the Agent; this sum is aiked of the Treasury every two months, and the whole issued to the Agents. The second part is a stoppage, directed also by the Secretary at War, out of the lubfillence of the non - commissioned officers and private men, of two - pence halfpenny per day each, towards answering the expence of a ration of provisions allowed them abroad; a sum arising from so many of these stoppage as are equal in number to the rations actually received by the troops, is left in the Exchequer, and the Paymaster General, having taken credit for the fall fubfiilence of which these stoppages make a part, gives credit for them to the public, from time to time, in his account of extraordinaries : the remainder of these stoppages falls into the clearings, and is aiked and received by the Paymaster General under that head of service.

The fubfiilence of the garrisons of Gibraltar and Minorca are subject to the first of these stoppages, but not to the second.

The third part, being the residue. of this fubfiilence, after deducing thelc stoppages, is the sum to be paid to them in calli, tocompleat their subsistence. It is usual to alk this sum of the Treasury, under the head of fubfiilence, every two months, so as to supply the Contractors, for remitting six months in advance; after it is received, the Paymaster General issues to these Contractors either the whole, or so much of it as he thinks necessary, from the state of the balances in the hands of his several deputies, according to the latest information he has received from them; which balances arise, and in - crease, from the regiment’s not being complete. This money, not remitted to the deputies abroad, is applied by the Paymaster Genera ! towards the payment of services for which he does not alk a supply from the Treasury.

When money is ifi ' ued to the Contractor, he gives bills upon his agents abroad, payable usually at three months after date, which bills are sent by the Pay Office to the Deputy Paymasters abroad, to be received of these agents.

The fubfiilence of the non - commissioned officers jfod privates in Africa, deducing a stoppage of two - pence halfpenny a man per day, for wine, is aiked when wanted, and the whole sum received is paid to the Contractor for remitting.

The subsistence of the forces in the East - Indies, according to their fu ! l establishment, is aiked when the Secretary at War directs, usually every tlx months, so as to keep it twelve months in advance; the whole, when received, is iiTued to the agents.

A sum

A. 1782# DEBATES. 587

A sum for subsistence, is sometimes issued upon account Upon railing U new corps, the Secretary at War fends a direction to the Paymaster General, signifying his Majesty’s pleafute, that he should issue to the Agent of that corps, a certain sum ori account of subsistence : Upon receipt of that sum. From the Exchequer, he pays the whole of it to the Agent.

Fourthly. The nett off - reckonings are thus computed : —The difference between the full pay and the subsistence, of the non - commissioned officer and private men, constitute the gross off - reckonings; from which the poundage and hospital ( unless exempted ) and agency upon their full pay, being deducted, the remainder is the nett off - reckonings; which are appropriated to the cloathing of the non - commissioned officers and private men. Six months of these are nfually asked when fifteen or sixteen months are due; and the whole, when received, afe paid, after public notice is given, to the persons to whom the colonels have assigned them, upon their application, and production of the assignment.

Fifthly. The agency is issued to the Agent, together with, and as a part Of the clearings.

. Sixthly. The Clearings are made out in the following manner From the

full pay of the regiment, according to the establishment, are deduced. The rtfpites, if any. The full poundage, The hospital. The nett off - reckonings. The allowance to widows, and The subsistence actually paid in ' cash and provisions; the remainder, being The agency, The balance of the full pay due to the commissioned officers, and so much of the subsistence of the non - commissioned officers and private men as has not been issued, constitute the clearings. Twelve months of these clearings are usually issued, about fifteen or sixteen months after they are due; after they are received from the Exchequer, and public notice given, the whole of them is paid to the Agents, Upon their application.

Seventhly. The allowance to widows, is a fund applicable to the support of the widows of commissioned officers : He does not recollett that any sum, under this head, has ever been asked of the Treasury; the Paymaster of the widows pensions applies from time to time to the Paymaster - General for a supply for this femce, who pays to him the sum he requires, out of any cash that may have been issued to aim from the Exchequer, under any other heads of service.

Eighthly. The allowance to the colonel, and for cloathing loft by defer - ters, consists of two parts, the subsistence of one private man, which is asked and issued with the subsistence, and the residue falls into and becomes apart of the gross off - reckonings.

Ninthly. The allowance to the captain for recruiting. and ' Tenthly. The allowance to the Agent—are asked and issued to the Agents with the subsistence.

The gross sum for a regiment of militia, consists of The pay of the commissioned officers. The subsistence of the non - commissioned officers and private men, and, allowance to the Agents. The pay of the commissioned officers is made subject, by the King’s warrant, to the poundage and hospital. This pay, and also the subsistence of the whole regiment, the allowance to the Agent, and the clearings, are asked of the Treasury, issued to the Agents, and applied in like manner, and at the like times, as in the case of the regulars serving at home. The cloathing of the militia is voted separate from the pay. The warrants for the cloathing of each regiment are made out at the War - Office, signed by the Secretary at War, and delivered to the several Agents; they carry them to be countersigned by the Lords of the Treasury, who direct money for the payment of them into the hands of

Ddd ir > ' the

38S PARLIAMENTARY a. 1782 *

the Paymaster - General, at such times as they think proper; after which, upon production of the warrants by the Agents, the full sums are paid to them. No sums aie voted for the contingencies of the militia, but they are

carried to the account of extraordinaries.

The gross sum for a regiment, and for an independent company of invalids, cGniifts of the pay of the commissioned officers, and the subsistence of the non - commissioned officers and private men; of the cloathing; of the allowance to the captain for medicines; of the allowance to the Agent; and, in the regiment, the allowance to the colonel.

The pay of the commissioned officers is subject to the poundage and hospital, and, together with the subsistence of the whole regiment, the allowance to the co. one ], the captain, the Agent, and the clearings, are aiked of the Thrafury, issued to the Agents, and applied in like manner and at the like1 times, as in the case of the regulars fervring at home.

The cloathing is voted on the citnblishment, as estimated by the Secretary at War j the Paymaster - General applies for it to the Treasury every two years, and pays the whole to the Contradors appointed by him to clothe them.

. In regard to the garrisons in Great - Britain, the Secretary at War fends

to the Pay - Office, ulua ’ ly every six months, a warrant, directing the Pay - in after - General to make out a debenture for the full pay of the garrisons, unless respites are directed : He fends this debenture to the War - Office; upon which the King ' s warrant is obtained, and sent to the Pay - Office; the total sum contained in the debenture, being received at the Exchequer, is issued to the Agen ts of the Governors, the poundage, hospital, and civil list duty being dedu&rd.

In regard to the General and Staff Officers in Great - Britain, a certificate comes from the War - Office to the Pay - Office, containing the names of the officers. Upon a debenture for the full pay of the officers named in the certificate being made out, and a warrant for payment obtained, the Pay - waster - Genernl pays, either to the officers themselves, or to their Agents, on their application, the sums due to them, reserving the poundage, the hospital, and ci\il lift duty, from those liable to pay it. In regard to the General and buff Officers, and officers of the garrisons and kolpitals abroad, the Paymaster - Gcnciai asks for the whole sum voted, and, upon the like certificate, debenture :, and warrant, he pays in like manner, to the officers named in the warrant, the sums due to them, with the like reservations; and in the ft cases the sums voted are usually more than the sums contained - in the warrants; and the greatest part of theie sums, and of the sums due to the General and btaff Officers at home, are paid to Agents.

After the sum is voted for the reduced officers, the Secretary at War fends to the Pay - Office tiieciLdfiilhtnent, figr. ed by the King, and counterngned by the Lords of the Tyeafury, specifying the names of the several officers,

■ and the iums they, rc entitled to; when six months are due, the Paymaster General applies for it; and when received, public notice is given, and the sums paid to the respective officers, or tc their Agents, on their application, deducing sixpence in the ponnd, directed by his Majesty’s warrant to be. applied to the suppnrt of Lheifea hospital. x

The Paymaster - General opens an account in his ledger, with every one of the reduced officers, infer ted In every year’s establishment. None of these ledgers are made up; there are many fubfilling claims upon every one of them. The Paymaster - Gertcral receives every year, at two periods, the whole sum voted for this service, Ijut no seperate account of it is kept in the bocks of the office.

After

A. 1782 DEBATES. 389

After the sum is voted for the oot - pensioners of Chelsea hospital, a requi - fition is sent, every six months, from the office of the Secretary to the hospital, to the Pay - Office, for six months pay in advance; the Paymaster - ' General applies for this sum, and it is the practice of the office to issue the whole to the Deputy, the Paymaster - General being himself, by virtue of his office, Treasurer of the hospital. The Deputy Treasurer iiTues from time to time, to the Paymaster of the out - pensioners, sums for that service; for which sums he is an accountant, and pafles his accounts before the auditors of the impreit. 1

The charge of the foreign troops consists of the fublkiy to the Prince, and the pay of the troops. The subsidy is paid, without any deduction, to the Agent of the Prince, pursuant to a warrant from the Treasury, obtained by the Agent, and sent to the Paymaster - General for that purpose. The pay of the troops confilts of the subsistence, the arrears of the officers, and a deduction of two - pence a day for cloathing from the non - commissioned officers and private men. A warrant is usually made out for a whole year’s full pay without deductions. The subsistence of the whole corps, according to the establishment, is usually asked of the Treasury by the Paymaster - General, in like manner as the subsistence of the British forces serving abroad; and the whole, or so much of it, is remitted to the Deputy Paymasters abroad, as may, from the balance appearing to be in their hands, be judged necessary to answer the demands upon them for that service. The arrears, deductions, and the remainder of the subsistence, conilitute one fund, for which the Agent to the Prince applies to the Treasury, at such times, and for such sums, as he thinks proper; which applications are referred to the Paymaster - General, and, upon his report that the sums required are due, the Treasury direct into his hands, either the whole, or so much of it as they think proper to pay, and the Paymaster - General pays to the Agent the whole sum so directed into his hands.

Two sums are every year voted for contingencies, twenty thousand pounds for the establishment at home, and four thousand pounds for the establishment abroad. It has not been the usage of the office, for some years, to ask for these sums of the Treasury under the head of contingencies; but, the Paymaster - General having always in his hands money arising from sums asked by him for other services, which do not exhault the whole sums applied for, it is the practice of the office to pay, out of those remaining sums, the warrants of the Secretary at War, made out for contingencies; the sums voted for this - service being insufficient for this purpose, the warrants for so much of the contingencies as exceed the sum voted, are sent to the Treasury, to be countersigned by the Lords, and are carried to the account of extraordinaries. Warrants for the payments of some of the contingencies of any one year, are leldom produced at the Pay - Office until some time afterwards. Great part of the sum voted for the contingencies of the year 1780, is not yet expended, the warrants not being yet produced; and the account of the payments out of the sum voted for the contingencies of the year 1780, will not vary much from that of the year 1778; nor will the account of the payments out of the poundage and hospital, except in the articles of returned poundage. Exchequer fees, and Chelsea hospital. There are no other miscellaneous heads of payments kept in the books of the office, except those of contingencies and extraordinarics.

The extraordinaries of the army are never asked of the Treasury by the Paymaster - General; the person entitled to receive money for any extraordinary service, brings to the Pay - Office a warrant signed by the Lords of xhe Treasury, specifying the sum to be paid, the person to whom, and for what service; which warrant is entered at the Pay - Office ' ll after which, the Trea -

fur ' r

390

PARLIAMENTARV

A. 17HI *

fury fends to the Pay - Office, at such times as they think proper, a direction to the Auditor of the Exchequer, to issue to the Paymaster - General the sum applied for, specifying the fund out of which it is to be paid; after the money is received, he pays it to Or to the use of the person mentioned in the warrant, who indorses it; this warrant is the voucher for the Paymaster - ' General, in passing his accounts with the auditor *

The fund in the Exchequer, out of which the ex ' tfaordinaries art paid, is compounded of the whole, or so much of xhe rote of credit as is dife&ed to be so applied by the Lords of the Treasury, and of Aims which have been voted for the ordinary services of the army, and have not been taken out of the Exchequer, those services not having come in course of payment. When these - extraordinaries are voted by Parliament, tile sum that has been borrowed from the ordinary services is replaced.

All the payments made for provisions, arc carried to the account of extraordinaries; ' but Aims having been voted for that service, the Paymaster - General deducts the Aims so voted, out of that part of the extraordinaries under the head of provisions.

Ever since he has been accountant in the office, the TreaAiry have always directed the Aims applied for by the Paymaster - General to be issued to him out of the Exchequer, without making any objection to them, that he knows of.

A Deputy Paymaster is appointed by, and accountable to the Paymaster General; when he goes out of office, his Aiccessor, he has no objection, continues him and he becomes a Deputy to the successor from the day of his appointment.

Every sum received at any one time from the Exchequer, for the ordinary services, though confining of different parts, asked and directed at different times, and for different iervices, is not separated and carried to the credit of the respective heads of service for which it has been asked; bat is entered in thecafh book as one entire sum, received that day from the Exchequer, and from thence polled to the credit of the King’s account current in the Ledger; the receipt of the extraordinaries is entered and polled in the same manner. Were such a reparation to be made, it would much increase the business of the Pay - office, without any apparent advantage to the public.

Separate and diilinft accounts are kept of all the payments, under their proper heads of service; but, as it has never been thought necessary to keep separate and distinct accounts of the receipts, it would be very difficult at any time to give an account of what parts the balance in the hands of the Paymaster General confills, and to what services each part is liable; that cannot be done, ' without making up all the accounts of the Paymaster General, from the time he entered into office to the date of the balance, which mull necessarily take up much time, and be attended with great trouble.

It has been the constant practice of the office, ever since he knew it, to consider the calli as one entire sum, under whatever heads of service the parts it consists of may have been asked. There is only one calli account of all the money received.

All the payments, of every kind, made by the Paymaster General, are in consequen e of warrants under the lign manual, and countersigned either by the Lords of the Treasury, or Secretary at War : and, where the warrant is for the payment of contingencies, which exceed the sum voted, it is countersigned by both. Salaries that have a continuance, are paid by virtue of a permanent warrant, entered at the office of the Auditor of the Ixnpreft : in thu case, the receipt for the salary is the voucher for the Paymaster General In general, the warrant, indorsed by the person receiving it, is the

voucher.

A. 1782. DEBATES. 391

voucher. Where many persons receive under the fame warrant, the separate receipt of each, with the warrant, are the vouchers. For the payment of Exchequer fees, the voucher is a certificate from the Exchequer of the sum paid.

When, a regiment is cleared, the King’s warrant is obtained for the full nay of that regiment, unless there is any respite; this pay warrant, indorsed by the agent, together with the regimental account book, signed by him, and the receipts for the off - reckonings, signed by the person having the a£ > signment, are the Paymaster General’s vouchers for the pay of that regiment. The voucher for the payment of an extraordinary abroad, is the warrant of the commander in chief, indorsed by the person to whom the sum is paid, or his receipt for it, together with the King’s warrant, covering all such payments made in one or more years.

In ' the ordinary services, a payment made in a year subsequent to that in which it was voted, is carried to the account of payments made in the year it belongs to, unless the account of that year is made tip.

A respite, is a sum directed by the King’s warrant, countersignedby the Secretary at War, to be deduced out of the whole pay of a regiment 5 in consequence of this warrant, which is sent to the Pay - office, that sum is not applied for by the Paymaster General, but remains in the Exchequer.

A warrant for levy money is made out by the Secretary at War, who fig - nifies from time to time, to the Paymaster General, what part of it is wanted; upon which, he applies for that sum to the Treasury, and when received, issues the whole of it to the agents of the regiments.

Distinct accounts are kept of the Exchequer fees paid, and also of the deduction of twelve pence in the pound, hospital, and allowance to widows; it has not been thought necessary to post up and settle these accounts, until the time the account of the year is made up in the Auditor’s office. A distinct account is also kept of the sum issued upon imprest to the Paymaster of the widows pensions, and of the payments out of the dedudion of twelve pence in the pound, and one day’s pay.

The sums received by the Paymaster General, are either from the Exchequer, or the Treasury of Ireland, or from persons whose accounts have been settled, and who have been directed to pay their balances into his office. Sums received by him, under this head, have from time to time been applied by him in aid either of the army supplies, or of the extraordinaries; and the balance now remaining in his hands, oh this account, is eight thousand four, hundred sixty - rthree pounds ten shillings and four - pence.

The yearly accounts of the Paymaster General arc contained in two ledgers, the full pay and half pay ledgers; all these ledgers are kept open until the Paymaster General settles his final account.

The accounts of the Paymaster General, when first sent to the office of the Auditor of the Imprest, generally contain payments only, with their vouchers; they remain there until the Auditor has examined them, and fends his queries to the Pay - office. The accounts of the first three years and a half of the present Paymaster General, were sent into the Auditor’s office before Christmas last : no queries, relative to any of them have as yet been received at the Pay - office,

In every account sent to the Auditor’s office, it is usual for the Paymaster General to charge bimfclf with the money received by him from the Exchequer, during the period of that account, in one grok sum, authenticated by the imprest roll, made out at the Exchequer; and to charge himself with the mpney from the Treasury of Ireland, and with the several sums received from other people; and to surcharge himself with the gain by exchange,

and

39 > ARLIiME N T ARY A. 1782.

and with the poundage, hospital, and allowance to widows. He discharges himself, by vouchers for ail his payments, ranged under their several heads of services.

He is of opinion, that it would not be expedient for the Paymaster General, upon the resignation of his office, to pay over the balance then in his hands to his successor; and that the subsequent business of the office should be carried on by him, for the following reasons:

First. The Paymaster General has his deputies in various parts of the world, who are in the constant receipt of large sums of money on his account; sufficient time muff be allowed them to adjust and settle their accounts.

Secondly. The sums voted for the army, are issued to the Paymaster General at different times, and under various heads of service; if he was not permitted, after his resignation, to compleat thcfc services to the period of the ' year his accounts are carried on; but that part of ' those services is to be paid by him, and part by his successor; it would multiply accounts, and tend to confusion; and the army accounts, at present very intricate, would be more perplexed, and the making out and passing them retarded.

Thirdly. Great confusion would be occasioned in the accounts, if warrants for the pay of the garrisons at home and abroad, of the general and itaff officers, and officers of the hospital, at home and abroad, voted in the time of one paymaster, were to be paid by his successors; and the fame would be the effect respecting the half pay voted for the reduced officers.

CHARLES BEMBRIDGE,

Guy Carleton,

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richard Neave,

Samuel Beachcroft,

George Drummond,

v7.

3j86o y, « wjfa ‘a t « a

N 7,

Account of payments made by the right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General, Out of the deductions of lid per pound, and one day’s pay, for one year, from the 25th of December 1777 to the 24th of December 1778, both inclusive.

Dates of warrants.

To the right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General, for his pay and allowances, to 24th of December 1778; viz. -.

To his allowance, at 3, 00b !. per annum - - £. 3, 000 — —

For under officers and clerks - - - 1, 760 — —

For contingencies of his office - 600 — —

For his pay, as Treasurer of Chelsea hospital - - 365 — —

> 77. 8 - July 13th

T, 779\

To Lord Barrington, Secretary at War, for his salary, and fof that of his under officers and clerks, to the 15th of December 177S, at 1, 435 b per ann. ' -. 1, 416 x8 8

To Mr. Jenkinson, for 9 days D ° to 24th December 1778 * 38 - 4 - 4

To Lord Barrington, for his additional allowance, - to 15th of December

1778, at 1, 0001. per ann. - - - - 973 16 9

To Mr. Jenkinson, for 9 daysD0 to 24th December 1778 - z6 3 3

To Christopher D ’ Oyly, Esquire, Commissary General of the mullets, for 6 months, to 24th June 1778 - - 75 - " —

wT0 D ° for 6 months, to 24th of December

wTo - D ° for 365 days additional allowance, for contingencies toD

V

365 —

Id

W

W

5, 725 —

w

M. 55 - - - - -

5 5

TgZl

o

o

FT

To the ix Deputy Cotnmlfiaries, For theiruddirionil allowance, For 12 months, to the 24th -. December 1778; viz.

Me. Overend Mr. Sadlier Mr. Miller Mr. Kerr Mr. Bernard Mr. Stewart

50 - - - - -

50 - - - - -

50 — —

50 - - - - -

50 — —

To William Charles Lempriere, as Deputy Oommiflary of movers at JerFey and Guernsey,

For 12 months allowance, to 24th of December 1778 - -, -

To the following Deputy Paymasters of the forces, for their pay. For 365 days, to the 24th of

December 1778; viz.

Mr. Sloper, at Gibraltar - - -

Mr. Digby, at Minorca

Mr. Boon, at Montreal - - - - -

Mr. Elwyn, at Louifhourg - - - - -

Mr. Williams, at Nova Scotia - - « ' -

Mr. Barrow, at New - York - - - - -

. Mr. Bembridge, at Quebec, 317 days, from nth of February to 24th of December 1778 *

Mr. Gamier, at Boilon, 280 days, from 25th December 1777 to 30th September 177S Mr. Molesworth, at Rhode Island, 365 days, to 24th December 1778 Mr. Thomas, at D ° 203 days, from £tH of June to D ° - - -

To Timothy Cafwall, Esq; for 12 months additional allowance as Deputy Paymaster General, in reward for his care and ' fidelity, to D®

To John Powell, Esquire, for 12 months D ° for his trouble, ' care, dilifceKCfe, and fidelity ^. to D ° - - -

NO

300 - -

50 —

547 0 547 10 547 i ° 547 547

547 1 ° 475 i ° 420 —

> 225 ~ 609 —

500 —

270 —

P AHLI A M E N T Aft Y

1

D

n '

8.

cr

o

0

o

To new year s gifts at the Treasury and Exchequer - —

- To returned poundage of the Foot Guards and marching regix&tnts, deduced out of then : pay, from 25th of December 1777 to 24th of June 1778 -

To D ° from 25th June to 24th December. 1 778 -. ..

To fees at the Exchequer - - -

To the invpensioners of CheTfea hof tal and so falanes and wages of the officers of the hospital, and for tradefmens bills, &c. - - -

Amount of the - dedu£tfon~of i2d : perpound for theyear 1778 - £. 102, 771 9 ®

Amount of the deduction ' of hospital, or one day ' s pay, for D - ° j

' year - - - - 5 > 7 « 7 p

Overpaid; iiytheyean 1778y more than dcdbfced

Pay Office, 4th July 1781 ;

i < > 55 ? 5

5 « 7o6 4 fr

114, 265 10 C. B EM BRIDGE. 1

53 it a

m

17, 930 4 4 ’ i8 573 5 9 3 M577 0

v 28, 851 97

114, 265 - 10 2 ©

w

V

j

N9 8.

Dates of Warrants.

1778.

Augiiit 17th Oft. 20th Nov. 30th

| F « b7/ift

I 5th

cr

O

12 th

c§

"ja ch

Marcel 9th April 29th uly ift fune 30th

M

4/

ARCHES, Ac,

I

uly 2ill June 30th

To the 70th regiment of foot, for 5 months, to 24th May 1778

Tp the 69th regiment D °, ~— for 12 D °, to 24th June 1778

To the Royal regiment of horse guards, for 12 months, to D

To the 42d regiment of foot, for 12 months, to D®

To the 1 ft regiment of dragoons, for 6 months, to D

To the 4th D ° — for 6 months. to 24th December

To the 6th D ° — —. for 6 months ? l *. D0

To the 7th D ° — — for 6 months, to 24th June 1778

TothenthD® — — for 6 months, to D®

T9 the 3d regiment of dragoon guards, for months, to D

To the 50th regiment of foot, for 6 months, toD

To the 3d regiment of dragoons, for 6 months to D®

To the 31ft regiment of foot, for 18 month *, to 24th December 1778 To the 2d D °. ' — for 6 months, to 24th June 1778

To the 64th D ° — — for 6 months, to D®

To the 2d D — — for 6 months, tp 24th December 1778

[ 778

m - I84 1 2

m - 468 9 7

- 88 12 9

240 4 —

- - 164 4 6

m - 179 16 3

- - 5i 7 4

•. 126 7

• m 44 i 6

m 347 4 8

m - 189 3 6

- - - 132 l9 —•

- 380 « 3

- r 47 5

« - 55 5 6

m - no 4 S

A C C O U N T of the Payments made by the Right Honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster - General, for the contingent expences of his Majesty’s forces, for one jear, from the 25thof December 1777 to the 24th of December 1778, both inclusive.

ARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

_ 779 July i ft

August 13th

July 29th Sept, lft

27 th

October 6th Sept. 30th 27th

July 8th Nov. inh October 29th December ift 33d

r.

y October 20th

ru

Nov. 3d. Sept. 8th

Oet. 27 th 1780. Jan. 19th Sth

fefc.

To the 52d regiment of foot, for 6 months, to 24th December 177#

To the 1 ft regiment of dragoons, for 6 months, to D

To the 4th D ° ' - for 6 months, to D

To the 72d regiment of foot, for 6 months, to D

To 6th regiment of dragoons, for 6 months, to D

To the 3d regiment of dragoons guards, for 6 months, to D

To the 28 th regiment of spot, for 6 months, to D

To the 33d D ° —— for 6 months, to D

To the 48th D ° •— - —for 6 months, to P

To the 69th DQ — for 6 months, to D

Tp the 3d regiment of dragoons, for 6 months, to D

To the 75th, and 8 independent companies, from 14th January 1778 to 34th June To the 13th regiment of foot, for iz months, to 24th December, 1778 To the 76th D ° for 12 months, to D

To the 50th D ° f - for 6 months, to D

To the ift regiment of dragoon guards, for 6 months, to 24th December 177$ To the 10th regiment ef foot, for 6 months, to 24th June 1778

To the 22d D9 To the D

To the 34th D ° To the 57th D ° To the 57th D

for 6 months, to D

. for 6 months, to 24th December 1778 for 6 months, to 24th June 1778 for 6 months, to

for 6 months, to 24th December 1773

To. the 16th regiment of dragoons, for 12 months, toD

To the 18th regiment of foot, for 6 months, to 24th June 1778 To Ditto. — — for 6 months, to 24th December 17 0

Tp the 75 th D ° for 6 months to D

187

140 12 0

99 > 7 6

274 6 3

135 8 9 97 9 3 84 4 3 122 4 3 322 11 4 106 19 —• 111 12 6 300 6 10

304 8 6

466 17 —

14 5 387 10 - 92 4 6

85 n 4

S s 10 69 > 8 6, l4 io ^,

« S2

97

H6

357

7

s 6

s 3

3 6

z 6

O '

w

n

4

w

? '

z % L\

October nd

1779 October 20th

Sept. 19th

J778.

. Nov. 11 th

r 1779\ Jan. 29th:

ift

March 4th

15th

19th,

o

o§

] 77 J October 30th,

. 779 - April 13th < 29th June t8th

To the 58th D ° for six months, to P

To the 55th D ° for 6 months, to 24th June 1778

To the 44th D ° to the 44th D ° To th ? 55 th D ° To the 26th D *

for 6 months to D

for 6 months, to 24th December 1778.

for 6 months, to D

for 6. months, to 24th December 1777

To the 28th D ° - for 6 months, to 24th June 1778 To the 26th D ° - for 6 months, toD

Ta the 33d. D ° for 6 months, to D6

To - the 41ft, and independent companies of invalids, for 6 months to D0 To the 56th regiment of foot for 6 months, to D

To the 37th D ° for 6 months, to D

To the 72th Da - -. for 6 months, to D

To the 3d regiment of foot guards, for 12 months, to 24th December. 1778 To the 2d D® - for 12 months, to Da

To the 1 ft D ° - for 12 months, to D

To - the 2d battalion of D ° for 12. months, to D

To the 46th regiment of foot, for 6. months, to 24th June 1778 To the 64th D ° - for 6 months, toD

To the 1 ft regiment of dragoon guards, for - 6 months, to D

To the 12th regiment of foot, for 6 months, to D ° To the 51ft D °. for 6 months, to D ° To the 58th D ° - for 6 months to D

To the 46th D ° To the 48th D ° To the 56th D

for 6 month *, to 24th December 1778 for 6 months, to 24th June K778 for 6 months, to 24th December 1778

97 — « is 891410

6 j8. 8

46 14 ji

58 — 11

124 > 6. 2

46 i 9 13 9

656 4 - s

89. 15, 4

95 n — 565 12 8

. S8i — —

5. 08 Oil 698 6 8

393 S i J6 3 3 H 3, 4 310 14 —

60. 12 3 21 3, 2 66 3 9

r 80. 2 4 3 126 —

i©i 3 —

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178u

779 *

April 29 th

1778.. March 28 th June 27th Oft. 9th Dec. 31ft July 13th

779 -

Feb. 17th

> 778 -,

July 13th

779 - t

Feb. 17th

o

o

? r

1778. July 13th

1779. Jan. 13th

To the 20th regiment of Foot, for 6 months, to 24th June 1778

To Lord Barrington, for house - rent, "us Secretary at War, to i5thof December 1778, atf 2001. per annum s - - - 194 « 4 '

To Mr. Jenkinson, for D ° as D ° 9 days, to 24th December 1778 - 55 4 8 *

To one quarter’s contingencies of the Secretary at War’s Office, to 24th March 1778 For one quarter’s D ° - 40 24th June4778 - - -

For one quarter’s D ° - to 29th September 1778 - - - t

•For one quarter’s D ° — to 24th December 1778 (, - - -

To Mr Gould, 18a days additional pay as Judge Advocate, to 24th June 1778 - - 1

*. - ' \ To D ° 183 D ° - to 24th December

To D for contingencies of his office, 6 months, to 124th J une 1778 - -

ToD ° forD ° - 6months, © 24th December - - I

To John Gamier, Esquire, allowance as Deputy Judge Advocate General, to 30th September I 1778 at 2opl. per annum - - 153 14 —

Tp Mr. Hume, as D ° for 62 days/to 24th December 1778 -. - 33; 17 7

To Christopher D ’ Oyly, Esquire, Cominiffiiry General, for pollage of‘letters, &c. for [ 6 months, to 24th June 1778 - - - -

To Christopher D ’ Oyly, Esquire, forpoftage of; letters, •for 6 months, - to 24th December 1778 -. - - -

To Meftrs. B unbury and"Bowlby, for i 2 ipodthf cSnemgcncie# ©fthtir office, C©mpffpltefs

of the accounts to the army, to 24th December 1778 -. -

158 2 8

200 — — I1S11

i, 5 ° 9 > 7

1, 038 187,.

1, 348 12 4

182 o

183 - - - PJ‘

398 6 7 49 rj 10

"3 ’

w

•187 II 7

• ' 7 CO,

22 15 —

22 17 6

90© — i

i

t

CD

o

o§

FT

1778. March 20th

April 7th

Oft. 20th April 24th 30th

August3ift

Jan ' /ish

25 th

Sept. 30th

To William Hope Weir, Esqulre, as Deputy Comjtiiflfary of the Mustersia North - Britain, for his 2 deputies, for 365 days, to D ° - < -

To the turnkey of Berwick, for his pay -

To the trustees of Fulham Bridge, for the passing and repaying of horse and foot soldiers, from 18th July 1777 to - 17th January 1779 - -

To the Deputy Provost Marshal to the horse and grenadier guards, for one year ' s rent of a house, to Lady - day 1778 -

ToMeflrs. Eyre and Strahan, for paper, printing, Acts of Parliament, Rules and Orders for the better government of the army

To D ° for the like service - - - - -

To Colonel Wrighten, for an additional salary as Major to the Royal if ospital at Chelsea To Mr. Jackson, in lieu of the emolument received by his predeceflfor, in felling spiri - tuous liquors. Sec. in the Savoy, for one year, to Lady - day 1778 To rent of a house, for the Chelsea Board, for 12 months, to 24th December 1778 To rent of Pendennis Castle, for 12 months, to 5th January 1779

To Mr. Heathcote, for supplying the horse - guards with water, for 12 months, to Mid - summer 1778 -

To Patrick Lindsay, for postage of letters, stationary, in the Secretary ' s office in North - Britain, for 12 months, to 24th December 1778 - -. - ‘

To Ensign Anderson, for forwarding deserters to and from Chester and Ireland, for 12 months, to D ° - -

To John Birbeck, for his, care and expence in forwarding officers, soldiers, letters, and pacquets, between Great - Britain and Minorca - -

To William Charles Lempriere, Esquire, Deputy Commissary of Mullers at Jersey and Guernsey, for his additional pay, for 365 days, to 24th December 1778 To Captain Joseph Walter, for fire and candle, for the Gunner’s guard in St. James’s Park, for the year 1778 - -

219 — —•

20 — W

150 —

25 - - - - -

243 14 8 389 13 — 100 — —

50 - - - - -

100 — —.

200 — —

20 — —

49 i 3

59—3 40 - - - - -

63 17 6

40 - - - - -

•nii v nviKSKviuvj

777 -

Dec - 13 th

r ! 77 «.

. Jan. 12th

16th March 18 th Feb 28th March 18th May nth;

t '; 0 P‘Jt ! •,

tr r c

June 8th, Aug. 8th j,

t V

° 5 Dec. 3d

• U C} < jt *.

17 - 79 *; Feb. 17th

ft

O

4

? T

3 ! *

To Charlotte Needham, his Majesty’s bounty

To Mary Lee, D °. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..

To Mrs. Ann Williamson, D ° - - -

To Miss Joyce Forrester, D

To Mrs. Ann Walsh, D

To - Mrs. Mary Lyon, D

To Mrs. Agnew, D

, To 4rsr Jane, Spend love D ° -

, TQ; Mrs. Eleanor Rutherford, D ° -

Ta Mrs. Mary Sparke, D

To Mrs. Sophia Barlow, D ° - - - -

. To Mrs JaneTonyn, D

, To Mrs.. Dorothea Crump, D

, ' tci Mrs. Margaret Cochrane, D

, To Mrs. Charlotte Needham, D ° - _ _ _, -. -

To Lieutenant Colonel William Morris, in consideration of his long and faithful services - in the army, for one year, to 4th November 1778

To Moses Corbet, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Jersey, in consideratiojv of D6 in said Island, for one year, to 31ft December 1778 - -

To 1 months allowance to Lieutenant Colonel Douellan, a. lunatic, to 10th December 1778 -

» "i *.

•T wpf : r - t - _ r -

Pay - office, 4th July 1781

lu

1 - j

' f r. r yc+rirsi i

CHARLES

j i

BEMBRIDGE.

9

i

No. 9,

ACCOUNT of the balance in the hands of the right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster - General of the foreet, on the jlft. of December 1768, and at the end of each succeeding year, to the 3 ill of December 1780, inclusive. Prepared pursuant to a precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated 13th July 17S1.

Balance, in the hands of the right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of the forces, on the 31st of December 1768 — — — — — —

Ditto in the hands of D ° on the 31st of December 1769 — - — — —

Ditto in the hands of D9 on the 31st of December 1770 — v—

Dittoin the hands of D ° on the 31st of December 1771 — — —,

Ditto in the hands of Dp on the 31st of December 177 a —

Ditto in the hands of D ° on the 31st of December 1773 _ _ _ _

Ditto In thohands of D ° on the 3ill of December 1774 — —

Ditto in the hands of D ° on the 3ill of December 1775

CDttto in the hands of D ° on the 3 id of December 1770 _ _ _ _ _

Cpitto in the hands of D ° on the 3id of December 1777 - — — —

Ditto in the hands of D ° on the 3 id of December 1778 _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Ditto in the hands of D ° on the 3 id of December 1779

Ditto in the hands of D ° on the 3 id of December 1789

142, 6 t 209. 589 5

345 36 4 43 3 ° 3 lS 35 ? 399 if 4o6 3 4 10 481, 269 9

487 17

557, 891 14 " 658, 946 13 10

975 31 11 6 1, 028, 284 13 —

948 39 3 1

fiy - OSM, Bot - Gurdi, 3d Aoguft 1781.

JN® POWELL,

CHA > PEMBRIDGE.

PARLIAMENTARY A. iflu

No. io.

ACCOUNT of the total Aims received and paid by. the Pay matter General his Majesty’s forces, for every month, from the i ft of January 1780 to the 31st of May 1781; with the total of the balance remaining in his hands at the end of each month. Prepared pursuant to a precept from the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the ift of June 1781.

Year.

779 -

1780.

o

o

eg

rT

1781,

Months.

December, remaining

January

February

March

April

May

June

July

Augfcft

September

October

November

December

January

February

March

April

May x

Pay - Office, Horse Guards, 3d July 1781.

Received. Paid. Balance.

- +ii. 3 « 5 5 419, 866 1 ? 9 1, 028, 284 8 1, 019, 739 j 8

-. 4 ', 76 3 264, 036 14 9 996, 979 16

• 9 : 6, 212 l6 2 867, 974 7 1 1, 04 ;, 218 s 3 839, 782 19 9

m + 528, 568 12 41 684, 003 18 2

- 95. 554 634, 961 9 ii 1, 150, 376 1 6

- 677, 416 4 878, 455 1 6 949 337 4 —

- 634. 580 3 7 758, 634 13 6 825, 283 4 1

- - 77J. 35 7 8 9 934 5 2 778, sf4 — 6 742, 366 16 2

X. 304. 903 9 341, 120 7 1

- 058, 409 5 2 638, 391 12 7 762, 384 8 9

4 6, 318 8 7 778, 015 14 11 447, 53 3

- ». 367. 274 9 5 829, 722 8 9 948, 239 13 1

- 787, 211 14 3 900, 089 f5 11 835, 36 11 5

- 3 *. 573 0 9 205, 703 5 ' « 862, 231 12 3

- *. 483. 633 — 1, 180, 710 16 11 1, 165, 153 17 4

m ' m 35. 639 4 — 604, 637 10 10 796, 156 — 6

- 6 3, 988 3 1, 018, 097 9 1 402, 046 14 6

JNo. POWELL. CHA > BEMBRIDGE.

w

w

co

A. ' 1781 :

46 FAR ! M E NT A I Y

No. 11".

An A C COU. NT ' of the sums issued to Henry fearl of Lincoln, late Kay mailer - General of the forces, between the 23d cf December 1719 and the 24th of June 1720 specifying the 7 date aifd amountof each issue.

The sums issued to Henry - Earl of Lincoln, late Paymaster - General of the forces; between the 23d of December 1710, atrd the 24A of June 1720, ( specifyiftg the date andamouht of each issue ) amount to the sum of four hundred seventy - three thousand one hundred twenty - seven pounds and iixpence farthing; viz. ’

- - - Date of each I Hue. Amount of each Issue.

' ~ ~ r < n + - Jlenry East of Lincoln — r % 29th December 1719 — 16th January — — 28th ir — — 10th Kebruary —. — 27rh D ° — — z iLMarch, —, — t it April 1720 — 22d D ° — — 3d May — — ipth D ° — — 27th D ° — — 200, 000 — — 50. 000 — — 39, 693 12 5 4. 235 5. 3 53, 928 17. 8 39 93 la 5 11. 001 1 11 645 13; 2$ 39 > 693 > 5 > 4. 235 5 3 10, 000

■ £ - 473. 127 — 6

JOHbt HUGHSON.

Exchequer, the 27th of June 1781.

> y

A. r 178 i.

DERATE S.

405

February 5.

T o public business. —Sir George Tonge spoke of the conduct of a s ' r

person at Honiton, who had threatened the Electors, and a day was1 To « ge appointed to hear the case.

Feb. 6. The Lord Advocate of Scotland laid before the House, feme - papers from the Secret Committee on India affairs, which, he laid, ' cureofbcot - formed a kind of supplement to the two reports from that committee, which he hhd already had the honour to flay before the Hottfe. The order which the committee had received, to enquire into the cahfeS of the Maratta war, had necessarily led them to go back ' many years; in the history of our fetUement at Madras, that they might be the better able to find out and afeertairt the precise cattles of the War, t6 which the House had thought proper to direct their attention : the talk was very laborious; but they had submitted to it with read hud ' s; pursued it with steadiness and perseverance; afld had beVft able t6 form a third report, which he hoped would be ready to be laid oil the table in eight or ten days. With that report ' the proceedings of the committee would c ! ofe; because with it, they should have compleated all the orders they had received front the House, as far at leak as their judgments, and the materials on which they had to work would permit them. He would not anticipate arfy thing, or pretend to bias the House, by Hating then the opinion1 of their committed but this much he might venture to say, that the committee thought that the business ought not to rest where it now lfood. He presumed it would be naturally e, \pected, that t/he report shouH Ik ? followed with some proceedings, and refutation of tl. e - Houfb; and very probably the expedi tions of the House would be turned towards him, asch irman t. f the committee, to set these proceedings afloat; he therefor gave notice, that on Monday fortnight, he would move fomc proportion, founded on the reports already before the House; and on that which, before the expiration of a fortnight, he should have the honor to present.

The report was ordered to lie on the table, and the learned Lord moved, that a fufneient number of copies be printed for the use Of the members : the motion passed of course.

Mr. Alderman Neivnbam acquainted the House that very great in - AUerman conveniences had arisen, from the practice of our malWs of ships Newham, ransoming them, after they had fallen into the hands of the enemy ’ : the inconvenieneies, he said, were infinitely greater than the House could be well aware of; but those who were embarked in trade ft - ft them very heavily : in order to put an end to them, he moved for leave to bring in a bill to prevent his Mr. jesty7$ fabjedts from ransoming ships taken from them by the enemy.

Lord Mulgrr. vcconfirmed what Mr. Newnliam had said, and allured LorJ

the House they Would find the subject of very great magnitude, and grave highly deserving their attention. The motion was then seconded by the noble Lord; and the question having been1 put, leave was given, without any dpposition, to bring in the bill. '

Mr. Poxvnry revived the conversation whidh fifft took place the day ’ Mr. Pow/rcy before yesterday, oh the subject of paupers. He said that she practice Of removing those who were likely to become burthenfeme to the parish, called upon the humanity and good ferffe of the HOufe tt > interpose : the various abuses xontrrHtted on - this hfcad Wfcrt alhioft

1 beVOnd

4ot PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

beyond conception : he himself knew an instance, when 50 industrioos families had been driven from a parish, not because they were poor er burthensome, bat for fear they should. He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to prevent vexatious removals, MtJGU&irt. Mr. Gilbert said he had turned his thoughts very much for the fnb - jest, and after various endeavours to frame a bill upon it, he found the question to be merely speculative, but by no means practicable *; at least he had found it far above his abilities : there were already some bills before the House, which he had the honour to bring in, and he trailed they would answer some of the purposes which the honourable member had in view at all events, he wished the hon. member would withdraw his motion for the present, until the fate of those Bills should be known, or until their operations should be experienced, if they should pass into a law.

Sir Gnrge Sir George Tonge objected to the motion, and hated various ca/es, Tongu in which such a law as the hon, member wished to obtain, would be injurious or inexpedient.

Sir Rielard Sir Richard Sutton, on the other hand, opposed case to case; and £art/ « 0. from the cases he quoted, he pronounced that the necessity of such a law as his hgn. friend was 4eurou$ to have passed, most hrike every gentleman.

The question w£s afterwards pat on the motion, which was carried without a divisipn 1 and leave was accordingly given to Mr. Powney to bring in his bill.

The House adjourned in a few riingtes after.

Feb. 7. As this was the lall day for receiving petitions on private business, there were a great many brought in; and a considerable time, of course, was spent in reading them. When they were all disposed of, the House, on the motion of Mr. Fox, resolved itself into a committee; to enquire into the causes of the want of success of our naval force during the war, and particularly in the year 1781. As soon as the committee was formed, the clerks, one relieving the other, read through all the papers that had at various times been laid upop the table by I ord M. ulgrave, in con Sequence of motions to that purpose, made by Mr. Fox, and which we have inserted for the bene&f of our readers. The reading of these papers took up three hours; fp that it was half an hour after fix o ’ clock, before Mr. Fwr. Mr. Fox rofc to rndve a resolution of the committee, founded 01 those papers. He laid, that if they had been laid upon the table time enough to have been sufficiently perused by gentlemen, it would have been totally unnecessary foryhim to make any remarks upon their contents; for the mifxnanagement of our marine appeared so glaringly from the evidence of those papers, that they required no elucidation. But care had been taken, that they should not come before the house in such time, that the members could have completely digested them before it was necessary to ground any resolution on them; and they were produced in such order, or rather disorder and confusion, that it was almoil impossible, after a cursory reading by the clerks, to combine the different parts that related to each ocher. It was on thi$ account only that he thought himself excusable in making a few ob - fervations, which be intended to confine to four different heads.

But before he would touch upon these heads, he judged it not imr proper to throw out a few ideas to the committee, on subjects, which, {though they were at pr sent put of the bounds of the enquiry

intended

A. 1782. DEBATES, 4 7

intended to press, the occurrences to which he should allude, haring happened out of the year 1781, ( to which year he meant to confine the enquiry for the present ) were by no means inapplicable to the great object of the enquiry. The instructions given to Sir Charles Hardy, to prevent a junction of the French and Spanish fleets, had not been laid before the House; and he had submitted to it, though he was not convinced by the reasons given for with - holding them 5 but he mult needs say, that if Sir Charles was not instructed to prevent such a junction, though, at the time alluded to, we were not at war with Spain, it was an unpardonable, nay, a criminal neglect in the Admiralty. From the papers just read, it appeared indeed, that Admiral Geary had received instructions for that purpose; but it was at a time, when there was every degree of probability, nay, when it was known that the fleets, which he was to have kept asunder, had actually joined before he received his orders. Sudi had been the diligence of the first Lord of the Admiralty, such his attention to the interest of his country ! Another thing very remarkable, that from the ift of January, 1779, to the beginning of March 1781, not one ' Angle frigate had been stationed oft BrelT, to watch the motions of the enemy. This was a circamftance, which, he was convinced, even the greatest enemies to Lord Sandwich would scarcely have believed, if it did not stand confirmed by the papers that had been read; and what was still more Angular than this omission, or rather shameful neglect, that when frigates were sent in the month of March to cruize off Brest, it was at a time when their cruize could not be attended with any useful discovery, for it was at a time when there was no armament carrying on in that port, all the squadrons which were intended for lea having long before failed for their different detonations. He had moved for a list of the ships employed for the defence of Jersey, at the time of the attack upon that island; but the return made to his motion was far from being ( atisfa&ory, in fa& it was no return at all; for having called for the ships employed for the defence of the island at the time it w&s attacked, the return made was a list of ships sent to Jersey, after the expedition against it had mifearried. Having laid thus much by way of preface, Mr. Fox came immediately to the year 1781, to the naval transa&ons of which year, he confined the enquiry. In this year, he found four principal heads of accu - fttion agaxnft Lord Sandwich.

xft. That he fuflered Comte de Grasse to fail for the West *

Indies, without making a Angle effort to intercept him. From the papers on the table, it was manifest that he had had the best and most minute intelligence of the equipment, strength, and detonation of the force under that officer; it was equally clear that he knew the time, or very nearly, when the Comte was to fail; and yet not the least attempt wsts made to block up Brest;. or give the enemy battle after they had set out. There were two circum ftmice ! which in this case rendered the first Lord of the Admiralty highly criminal : one was that the object of Comte de GraiTe’s ex pedition was of the most dangerous nature to this country : it was to destroy its empire in the weft, and in some measure to blot die British name out of the chronicles of the world; but great as theft objefc were, he was permitted to pursue them without the lcaf$

mo

PARLIAMENTARY a. 17S2.

judeftation on the part of Lord Sandwich. The other circum -. fiance which rendered that naval Minister highly criminal was, that at the very time he had a force at fen, equal, to the complete de - firuition of Cointc de GralTe and his fleet. Admifal Darby was. then at lea with thirty ships of the line, well equipped, well manned, and in the bed condition. But the evil genius of England. would have it that Lord Sandwich/ihopld fend such, orders to Ad - imiifal Darby, as mud necessarily, leave a free paflhgc for Monsieur, de draffs; our ileqt, confiding of thirty line of battle ships, put to r teethe 13th of March, 1781 the French Admiral, with twenty - five snips of the line, failedithe 22d; so that if Ad miral, Darby had not. been sent out of the way, there, would have sparcqly been apoffibi - jlity of the latter avoiding an engagement with, us, either before. we got to Gibraltar, or on our return from, it. But Lord Sandwich, ' 513 it fearing that the French should be. fdeffroyqd, sent orders to ♦•Admiral D~rby tO : Ciuize off the coast of Ireland, to wgit for the ioorcrships and vi&uallers, that were to join him from Corke; — Here was he ilaticmed till the 27th of March, before he was joined 1 by the transports irr - In the mean time, the French continued their. voyage without the smallell interruption ;, and What was the con - iequence ?. hj > really wanted words to describe it; the consequence : was as dreadful as if London had. been burnt; we had Jofi oor < islands; Sir Samuel Hood had been defeated, or nearly so; and our \ lofics and disgraces were completed by the surrender of Lord Corn - / waliis’s army at Vork - Town. He desired Gentlemen to consider « rhatvthe navallVIiniffcr had it in his. power to prevent all these difa - : Iters, and to have, crushed them in the very embryo, by fending. Admiral Darby to meet Comtje de. Grasse but that inilead of doing it, he sent. the British fleet to cruize in a quarter where it, mull be entirely. out of the track of the French. He desired they : would consider that it was not for want of intelligence of the dr - t signs, numbers and ilrength of the enemy, that he omitted fending. Admiral Darby to meet Mons. dc Grasse; but it wsis after having : Jud the moll correct intelligence on the subject, that he sent onr; fleet to Ireland. He desired gentlemen would consider this, and vfay whether it was credible that it could have happened without

- treachery somewhere ?. But supposing treachery totally out of the i question, those who should think so far favorably of Lord Sand - - jvich, as to suppose hirndncapable of treachery, rnuft in candour admit, that from the evidence contained im the papers just

- read, :. that he was ' totally inadequate to the management of the 1. navy of this country. — - > - No one could pooceive the reason wh j ? a 1 fleet of 30 ships of the line should be sent out of their way tolre -

- land to meet the transports from Corke,; which ought tahave. been ordered to join the fleet in the channel; if tkat had been the case,

;. there was, not a doubt but Admiral Parby. would have given a tgood account of the French; and perhaps, he might have arrived time enough to fall upon the rear of the Spaniflv fleet, which, after va cruifc of two months, was. returning in very foul condition, : to

- Cadiz. It was avery great injury to our affairs, that Cpmte. de Grade should not have been intercepted in the European seas;

t but still, an able firil. Lord of the Admiralty might have seen,

- that it was not irreparable; for he might Hill have defeated the 1. Comte’s expedition, by a, proper detachment from - Adpiral

Darby ’ s

A. 1782. DEBATES.

Darby’s fleet. It was his buflness to have given orders to ©nr commander to detach to the West - Indies, if it should so happen that the Spaniards should not dispute the passage of the Streights with us. A xninifter of common foreiight would have said to his admiral, either the Spaniards will fight you on your way to Gibraltar, or they will not. If they should not, then you will immediately dispatch a part of your fleet to the West - Indies/ to counteract the Comte de Grasse. —This would have been the lan - ‘ guage of a provident minister; but it was not the language of Lord Sandwich. If he had so instructed Admiral Darby, a detachment of clean English ships, without convoy, would have in all probability joined Sir Samuel Hood before the Comte’s arrival; and in that cal ' e there was every degree of likelihood, that the French would have been defeated.

2d. The second head of accusation was the loss of the St. Euftatius convoy. It appeared, from the papers before the committee, that Sir George Rodney had written to the Admiralty about this convoy before it failed; and acquainted the board with the course it was to fleer : this letter was received on the 25th of March. When it was received, it was well known to the first Lord of the Admiralty, as the committee had learned from the papers, that a squadron was fitting out at Brest, the command of ’ which was given to Mons. de la Motte Picquet. Admiral Darby was then lying off the coast of Ireland; but no orders were sent to him on the subject. Admiral Rodney’s letter said, the Euftatius convoy was perhaps the richest that had ever been bound for Eng - ' land. Mr. Fox observed, that as to the riches that were on board of it, when he considered how they had been acquired, they were the riches, the loss of which, of all others, he should least regret; but still, as it was the duty of the First Lord of the Admiralty to protect it, his neglect was alone sufficient to shew how disqualified he was for the office he held. The squadron under De la Motte Piquet had been a considerable time fitting out; very regular in telligence had been transmitted to the Admiralty, of the progress of preparations during the months of February, March, and April; and yet not one step had been taken to guard against it and this was the more criminal, as we were at the time in almost daily expectation of the arrival of the Jamaica, as well as the St. Eyftatius fleet : no preparation, however, was made to afford them protection; and all that was done was, that two frigates had been dispatched to meet them if possible, warn them of their danger, and enable them to avoid it, if they could, by making some port in Ireland, or going north about. One of the frigates fortunately fell in with the Jamaica fleet, which accidentally escaped the danger; but the Sc. Euftatius convoy was taken, at lean ili part, on the 2d and 3d of May. The convoy had been expeCled ever since the receipt of Sir George Rodney’s letter on the 25th of March, and Lord Sandwich knew of the preparations of Mons, de la Motte Piquet, from the beginning of February, and yet no step had been taken to protect the one, or defeat the other; naya io great was the negligence of the first Lord of the Admiralty, that he never thought of making Admiral Darby acquainted with the etpeded arrival of the St. Euftatius convoy, till the 10th of May; and then dispatched a frigate to him, to give him Orders to Vot, Vf G gg W

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1782.

f il to a particular latitude, in order to pretext a convoy, which hfid been taken just seven days before the frigate had been dispatch to him : now the probability was, that this frigate could not reach Admiral Darby in much less than a fortnight; so that near two months had elapsed between the receipt of Sir George Rodney’s letter, giving notice of the failing of the convoy, and the time when Admiral Darby got orders to fail for its protection.

- - - - - Kc afleed gentlemen, if this alone wfis not sufficient to juliify

any motion that he should think proper to make against the frit Lord of the Admiralty ? There w ' as only one excuse, which how. ever poor for a naval minister, ought to be admitted in such a case as the present; and that was, that he really had not any force sufficient to cope with Mons. de la Motte Piquet; but poor as th is excuse mull be in the mouth of an English naval miniiiej. Lord Sandwich was not fortunate enough to have it; for it appeared from the monthly returps, that there were ships enough io jiprt, whiyh, from the mopth of March, when Sir George Rodney letter gave notice of the intended lailing of the convoy freza St. Euftatius, to the latter end of April, might have been pot ready; he read a list of the ships, and, including one or two fifties, there appeared to have been in our different ports twelve fail of the line, a force sufficient to have defeated Mons. de la Moue Piquet : he read dfo the returns from the guardships. Hating the numbers on board, from which he proved, that if we hid ships, so also we had men to put on board of them : so that he con -, eluded, that the lof; of the convoy could and ought to be attributed only to the mismanagemtqt, pr something worse, of the fjrft Lord of the Admiralty,

3d. The thiid head of accufat; on was the letter from the Admiralty to the Mayor of BriftolAdmiral Darby, as appeared from the papers, h; id acquainted the Admiralty, that he had fp ! lcn in with a Swedish brig, tfte mailer of which had informed him, that he had been boarded by a frigate, undej Spanish colours, belonging to the combined fleets, which were then in the channel; and that in consequence of this intelligence he had thought proper fp return up thi channel for orders; and had put into Torbay. And here it was to be obstrved, that the master of the brig was an Engliflimpu, who would not deceive his country, and whose jpurnaj confirmed his ( lory. How did the First Lord of the Admiralty answer this letter ? In an insulting manner, telling the admiral he did not believe the intelligence; and adding if the account had been true that the combined fleets had appeared in such a latitude, he ( Admiral Darby ) mull have seen them, la a ifwer to the Mayop of Bristol, he said that the combined fleets were not in the channel, and that Admiral Darby had put into Torbay only to water. This he must have known at the time to have been a falsenood; for the admiral in his letter assigned a very different rpafon for returning into port, so that it looked as if the haval minister panted to ensnare the trade of Bristol by inducing the merchants to fend their ships to sea, that he might deliver them into the hands of the enemy just as he had sent Captain Moutray into the hands of Admiral Cordova. But to shew how ‘ completely the Admiralty either had been deceived itielf, or had deceived the May v of Bristol, it appeared that Lord Stormont

had,

A i7Se. DEBATES.

had, on the very day of the date of the Admiralty letter to tfio Mayor, lent an express to Lord Carlisle; with poiitive intelligence that the enemy was in the channel.

4th. The fourth charge related to the management of the Dutch war. That war was, he said, of all foolish, absurd; arid mad undertakings, the moil foolish, the most absurd, and the mod mad; It had been represented to that House > in order to get them to approve of the war, that the Dutch were in a mols defencelefj ( late; that there was a very £reat party for ns in Holland 5 and that we had only to make a vigorous effort in the beginriing, t give that party the Inferiority in the councils of the republic; Upon such a date of the case, would not any one have expected, that the naval mini iter would have signalized the outset of the Dutch war by an appearance of an English squadrori ill the Texelf An attack might surely be expected to be attended with every sue - cess that we could with for; but nothing was more foreign to the intention of Lord Sandwich; he suffered the enemy to equip those ships which he might have destroyed in the Texcl; ana then brought them to an action, which certainly redounded greatly to the honour of Admiral Parker and his officers, and of the enemy too; but which was far from ending in so decisive a victory as might have been expelled, over an enemy who was represented as weak ajid enervated. —In this case a ! so, as that of the St. EU - statius convoy. Lord Sandwich had many ships which he might have sent to reinforce Admiral Parker : the Sampson, of 64guns, was one, which, inllead of fending directly to the admiral. Lord Sandwich sent. to the grand fleet, to which place Ihe was to be lent for, if wanted. Kc, e he took an opportunity to tetrafl a thing which ' he had aliened, in a former debate, viz. - ~that it was mere chance that had made the B : rwick fall in with the squadron in the North Sea. This he found not to be true, for it now appeared that it was by order of the Admiralty Ihe had joined the squadron. The squadron under a very gallant f iend of his, and a member of that House, ( Keith Stewart ) had been kept irt the Downs for the purpose of watching the Dutch; how well they had been watched, the safe arrival of Admiral Byland had proclaimed to the world : yet in this, he presumed his gallant friend was not to blanfe; at ieaft, he had n; ver b - en called to an account for it.

As an epitome of all the other changes, - he subjoiried a fifth ', drawn from the latell dircumihnce, that of the meeting between Admiral Kempcnfek and the Brest fleet. lie read the names of the ships which might have been sent out to join our rOar admiral; and which, including the squadron. in the Downs, made about twe. ity fail of the line : with this force which might; he ' said; hard been lent out, it was not to be doubted but through the known bravery and abilities of Admiral Kcmpenfdt, we lhouli have completely destroyed the Ererlch fleet and convoy;

He corf « luded, by observing, as he had done already on ri former occasion, that hi : flrll motion ought to be for a removal of Lord Sandwich from his Majesty’s councils; but he thought it inexpedient now; he would first move a cerrfure upon him, and if he should carry that, he would follow it up with an addrefr to the King, which no doubt would Have its driers; and thert undoubtedly, he would pursue the enquiry through every palrt, when

C J C by IC tl > G

1

•4 « *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 *

■ &e mtnifter whose administration should be the subject of it, ( hotiM ' no longer be vested with the power to defeat it. He then moved

the following resolution - - - " That it appears to this committee,

" that there was gross mismanagement in the administration of naval affairs, in the year 17S1. "

Lori Mul - Lord Mulgrave expressed his surprise at hearing amotion which could not be passed bul in direct opposition to the mass of evidence, which the Committee had heard read. He trusted, however, tha£ though there had been fonnd one member who was not afraid to fly so openly in the face of evidence, there would be very few who would liipport him. - In common questions in that House, gentlemen might make it a point to adhere to their leader, and carry him through with every thing he proposed : but in such a case as the present, he conjured gentlemen to refleA how improper, how oftjuft, how unfair, it would be to pnrfue such a principle when the private honour, character, fitnation, and fortune ofanindivi -. dual was at flake : upon these they were going to give judgment; and he trusted that all party considerations would be absorbed in the sense of their own private honour and conscience; and that thfe principle of Mr. Grenville’s law in the decision on contested, elections would be found to operate in the present case. Mach had been suggested about treachery; to that he would make no reply, because he was convinced that no one in that House believed it, nay not even the accuser himself. Much had also, on many ©cealions, been said of the regard the noble Earl, whose conduct. was the subject of the enquiry, had for situation, and the great desire he had to retain end preserve it : but might it not be inferred from this, that it was improbable he should do any thing, by which he might forfeit that situation ? if he had interest in preserving it, might not those who charged him with mismanage - ment have an interest in driving him from that situation ? They certainly might : and therefore gentlemen should be on their guard, left they should mistake in the enemies of Lord Sandwich, a fond - ness for his situation, for a love of justice.

The hon. member blamed the Admiralty for n6t having flattened frigates off Brest, from January 177910 March 1781. The fatt was truly stated, but no charge ought to be deduced from it; because a be procured by frigates

looking L _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _, > een there stationed from a

squadron, as it were, to dare the enemy to come out; the reason why, in other cases, no benefit could be derived was this, the frigate must pass by Ufliant, and immediately signals would be made along the coast to Brest, to give notice of every thing that was in the oiHng; and ships would be font out to drive aw y the frigate. —Another charge made by the hott. member was, that" no ships had been stationed ' Off Jersey to protect that kland. If the gentleman knew what a dhngerous station it was for men of war, he would not be surprizea that there were none stationed. there in winter. The people on the island had been always given to understand, that in case of a sudden invasion, ' they must trull to the forces on the island for defence in the first. in ft an ce; and that, on the first intimation in England of their danger, relief should be instantly dispatched to them

With *

A. 17 2. DEBATES.

With respect to his first great charge, relative to the failing of Comte de Grasse, the evidence which had been read, futficiently pointed out a reason why he had not been intercepted. The relief of Gibraltar was looked for by the whole nation; and from the best intelligence, which the committee had heard read, it was understood that the Spaniards intended to meet ns, and give us battle. The intelligence, as the committee had heard, bad held this language for two months : the Spanish force was sometime varied in the accounts; but the force was generally fluctuating from 30 to 36 fail of the line, besides frigates, and 18 fire - ships, collected for the purpose of burning the British fleet in passing through the Streights. To oppose such a force, it was highly necessary to get together a fleet that should put it out of the power of chance to defeat our expedition : such a force was collected; and would it have been prudent to have risqued the loss of Gibraltar on the bare chance of meeting with Mons. de Grasse ? Would it have been conflftent with the spirit of the nation, to have taken any step that would look as if we had been bullied out of our purpose of relieving Gibraltar, after the Spaniards had in a manner challenged us, after they had thrown down the gauntlet, when they drew their fleet in line of battle across the mouth of the Streights ? All Europe looked at the time for an engagement between the two fleets; the Spaniards were sure of it; and, when the British fleet appeared in light of Gibraltar, the befiegera could scarcely believe their eyes; and on that day they first opened their batteries against the town. In the mean time our fleet in the West - Indies had not been forgotten; information was dispatch to Sir Samuel Hood by a frigate, of the failing of Comte de Grasse; and when the latter arrived, he did not feel himself" so superior as the hon. member seemed to represent him, for he three days constantly refused the challenge which Sir Samuel was daily giving him to renew the engagement. But, the hon. member would say, why were not some ships detached to the West - Indies from Admiral Darby’s fleet ? The reason was obvious it was upon that fleet alone we had to depend for the defence of our coasts, the protection of the Channel, the lafety of our convoys, and the annoyance of the Dutch.

As to the second charge, the loss of the St. Euftatius convoy; he would say that there had been much more reason to suppose that Mons. de la Motte Piquet was bound for America, than for the coast of Ireland 5 but that as soon as his real destination way known, two frigates had been dispatched to meet the Jamaica fleet and the St. Euftatius convoy : one of them was fortunate enough ' to fall in with the former, which went north about, and escaped all danger : unfortunately the other frigate did not meet with Commodore Hotham; and the misfortune, which it was the wish Of the Admiralty to avert, fell upon the convoy. The honour able member ridiculed the idea of fending a frigate to Admiral Darby long after the capture of the convoy; but the convoy wa tery near being re - taken; for as soon as the frigate reached the fleet. Admiral Darby was detached with ten fail to look out for Mons. de la Motte Piquet; and he came so near him, that one ftight a ship of each squadron had a very ( harpengagement.

Cj

The

4 4

PARLIAMENTARY A. I7S *.

The third charge, relative to the combined fleet ', and the letter to the mayor ofliriftol, was of much less weight than the geo - tleman seemed tc think; and, first, as to the combined fleet *; the matter of a brig laid he had been boarded by a SpaniQi frigate, and that ( he belonged to a very large fleet of men of war; the Admiralty did not believe the intelligence. Truly it would be a dangerous thing to be in office, if aministerwas to have a charge m. ide againli him in parliament every time he should be found not to have believed the story that should have been told him by a merchantman ! Oh ! but the matter of the brig was an Enghth - man, and therefore his intelligence might be relied on. Th s war had afforded instances that an Englishmen could betray England as well as an enemy could. Well, but his journal confirmed Lis story. Yes; but it was possible it might have been made for the very purpo fcof confirming the story. The reason why the Admiralty did not believe the intelligence, was, that it was directly contrary to the whole tenor of the information they had from Spain; from which it was conjectured, that moll probably a part of the fleet Was cruizing off Cape Spartel, while another part was sent to Minorca. On the other hand, the Admiralty supposing the matter of the brig not to have imposed upon Admiral Darby, accounted for the fleet he had seen at a great distance, in this manner : just about that time a very large convoy of xoo fail of transports was to fail from the isle of Khe, and might at the time be just in the latitude, in which the matter of the brig said hefaw a large fleet. It was upon this principle that the answer to the mayor of Bristol was made, and not for thepur - pose of decoying the trade of Briftolinto the hands of the enemy, just as Captain Moutray, as the honourable member was pleased to lay, had been sent to deliver up his convoy to the Spaniards. As to Capt. Moutray, it was with real concern of mind he fa : d. it ) he was censured by his judges for his conduct in that affair; and indeed it was not without pain that he heard that officer ' s name mentioned so often with very little respect; because, until that fatal day, when he loft his convoy, his name flood high and unblemished in his profession; and, therefore, he had rather pafi his name over in silence, than speak difrefpeflfully of a very gallant officer. The loss of the convoy might be attributed to the merchants, who had ordered their ships to touch at Madeira for wine. He did not blame Admiral Darby for returning to port for orders; on the contrary, he thought he aCled for the g, oa of the service, and consistently with that judgment and skill which he displnyed in the expedition to Gibraltar. There were two rea - fons, why he would neither blame the lirft Lord of the Admiralty, f > r having told the mayor of Bristol, that the fleet had put into Torbay, only to water—One was, that he did not think it necessary, that the mayor should be made acquainted with the of our manoeuvres at sea—The other was, that the admiral had, in one of his letters said, he would put to sea again with the first fair wind : this did not look like an intention in him to remain cooped up in Torbay.

The fourth charge had perhaps less in It than any of the former. The reason Admiral Parker did not flop before the Tcxel to pre -

vent

DEBATES.

A. 1782.

4 S

vent the Dutch from coming out, was, that he had a very great convoy to carry out, and another still more valuable to bring home : perhaps indeed this latter might be called the most valuable that had ever reached England; for it brought us home naval ftipplies of all forts, sufficient for the exigencies of our whole navy for two years. He was free to confess at the same time he did not think it would be a very great mark of prudence in government to Ratiot ^. a fleet in the Texcl; he had never indeed served in the North Seas; tut ( till was of opinion, the Texcl would be tco dangerous a ftalion for a squadron. The uncertainty of the latitude in which the Vice - Admiral might be met with, was the reason why the Sampfen had not been sent to him directly; but Ihe was sent to the Gun Fleet, where the admiral was acquainted by a frigate, which failed before the Sanipfon was ready, Ihe might be found, if he should Hand In need of her. His Lordship expressed his satisfaction, that the hon. member had discovered his error, with respect to the Berwick : from that circumstance however, he hoped gentlemen would learn not to trust much to the hon. member ' s assertions, as they had new a proof that he often made them without any grounds; and he flattered himself that they would require sufficient evidence for every assertion made; though evidence was a. thing which the hon. member did not seem much inclined to with for; it was his word enemy, asit detected in many in fiances, where he expected that his friends would swallow his assertions, for proofs; they had now a very recent instance that if they did, they would be the dupes of their own credulity.

With reg. trd to Admiral Kempenfelt’s cruize nothing new camet out; that subject was so much dilcufTed before the holidays, that not any light was thrown upon it.

As to the hon. Commodore ( Stewart ) to wh in the hon. member had alluded, his character did not Band in need of hispraife; and therefore it was unnecessary for him to say, that he was a gallant and an able officer. If the station, in which he had been placed by the Admiralty, had not - appeared to him the mofl proper for watching the Dutch, he would have remonllrated agaiiiil that station; and as he did not remoristrate against it, it was flattering to the board that an officer - of his skill and judgment should approve of the station. If, on the other hand, he did not intercept Admiral By land, there was every reason to believe from the zeal, activity, gallantry, and skill of that Commodore, that it was because the thing was impossible. Gentlemen would consider that tracks at sea were not like roads on shore, where there were turnpikes, at which those whom we might wish to secure mult paf *.

His Lordship concluded by observing thdt the Committee was going to pronounce on the character of an old and faithful servant of the crown; and as he trusted that in either acquitting or con -

had been read to

them, ample evidence of the innocence, merit and activity of the Earl of Sandwich

Mr. Alderman Nnunbam complimented Lord Mulgrave on the Alderman ingenious defence of his friend, and said it did justice both to his Newnbata, jiead and to his heart, fie blamed Admiralty for having so far

evidence, so he

gwea

4i6 P A R L I A, MjE NTARY A. 1782.

given way to the merchants, as to suffer their ships to touch at Madeira; the failing of the convoy under captain Moutray, towards that island, had been the ruin of many men of property in London, ie begged leave to meet the noble Lord on his own ground about a turnpike. If there was a poffibilityof such a thing, the Admiralty had caused the convoy under capt. Moutray to fail to that turnpike where the enemy was waiting; or they would never have suffered the fleet to fail for Madeira, to take in wine. Could not a few ships have gone there and loaded, and afterwards joined the fleet, instead of taking the whole fleet there ? surely they could; and he was firmly of opinion, that the trade of Bristol was meant to have been sacrificed to the enemy, at lead the Admiralty did all that lay in their power to do it.

Lord Ho - we. Lord Hoixe apologized to the committee for not being ( b well acquainted with the contents of the papers on the table as he could wish; bat from what he had heard in the course of the debate, as well as from the extracts which were read, he begged leave to offer feme remarks. In the artieje of frigates being stationed to watch elf Brest, he had the misfortune, he said, of differing with the noble Lord on the floor, ( Lord MuJgrave ) even in his professional line, as be looked upon frigates sometimes to be necessary, and iometimes to be used with l ' afety. No doubt quicker and mere certain intelligence was generally to be gained over land, bat fri - - gates could tell whether an enemy had failed out of harbour or not, and consequently give that intelligence to the main fleet.

From this his Icrdship animadverted rather to what a Board of Admiralty should do, than what the present Board of Admiralty had done. Here he went into a number of naval minutiae, in which he leemed to shew great professional knowledge and observa - tion; he particularly cblerved, that much should be left to the discrecion of a commanding officer of tried {kill and integrity, as. so many things depended on the inllant, which the Board of Admiralty could not possibly know of, which, if neglected, the fame ©ccasion might never occur; he seemed to apply this last remark to the conduct of Admiralty towards Admiral Darby, as if fuflicienc powers were not given him at the time he put into Torbay, when the combined fleets were out. On this point his lordship took occasion to mention an anecdote of Admiral Darby, very much to his honour; he said, that when that Admiral was but a lieutenant, of the second deck under Admiral Rowley, he was pointed out to

him, after a very severe action, as an officer of such distinguished merit, that though all over bruised and wounded with the splinters occasioned by a cannon ball, he refused being carried down to be dressed, but flood to his quarters during the whole of the action.

This he thought it his duty to mention on the present occasion, and to remark at the same time, how mortifying it null be to a brave man to fly from an enemy. To decline fighting he observed was in some respects a degree of prudence, but though we were unhappily engaged in so general a war, it could not be always de - fenfive, the time would come, when we mud aft on the ostensive,

1 let the risque be never so great, and perhaps it was better to do It in time, left the consequences may be more fatal.

in respvft to the affair of Admiral Kempentelt, he few it in quite a different ligh{ to what the noble { crd. did, If. an enemy

was

I

j

A. 17S2. DEBATES, 4 7

intended to press, the occurrences to which he should allude, haring happened out of the year 1781, ( to which year he meant to confine the enquiry for the present ) were by no means inapplicable to the great object of the enquiry. The instructions given to Sir Charles Hardy, to prevent a junction of the French and Spanish fleets, had not been laid before the House; and he had submitted to it, though he was not convinced by the realons given for with - holding them; but he snuft needs say, that if Sir Charles was not instructed to prevent such a junction, though, at the time alluded to, we were not at war with Spain, it was an unpardonable, nay, a criminal neglect in the Admiralty. From the papers just read, it appeared indeed, that Admiral Geary had received inltrudions for that purpose 5 but it was at a time, when there waa every degree of probability, nay, when it was known thaft the fleets, which he was to have kept asunder, had actually joined before he received his orders. Such had been the diligence of the first Lord of the Admiralty, such his attention to the interest of his country ! Another thing very remarkable, that from the 1 ft of January, 1779, to the beginning of March 1781, notone tingle frigate had been stationed oft ’ Brest, to watch the motions of the enemy. This was a circumstance, which, he was convinced, even the greatest enemies to Lord Sandwich would scarcely have believed, if it did not ftaad confirmed by the papers that had been read$ and what was ft ill more singular th n this omiflton, or rather shamefui neglect, that when frigates were sent in the month of March to cruize off Brest, it was at a time when their cruize could not be attended with any useful discovery, for it was at a time when there was no armament carrying on in that port, all the squadrons which were intended for sea having long before failed for their different destinations. He had moved for a list of the ships employed for the defence of Jersey, at the time of the attack upon that island; but the return made to his motion was far from being ( atisfa&ory, in fail it was no return at all; for having called for the ships employed for the defence of the island at die time it w&s attacked, the return made was a list of ships sent to Jersey, after the expedition against it had mifearried. Having said thus much by way of preface, Mr. Fox came immediately to the year 1781, to the naval transactions of which year, he confined the enquiry. In this year, he found four principal heads of accu - fhtion against Lord Sandwich.

ift. That he fufifered Comte de Grasse to fr. il for the West - Indies, without making a single effort to intercept him. From the papers on the table, it was manifest that he had had the best and most minute intelligence of the equipment, strength, and definition of the force under that officer; it was equally clear that he knew the time, or very nearly, when the Comte was to fail; and yet not the least attempt wts made to block up Brest; or give the enemy battle after they had set out. There were two circumstances which in this case rendered the first Lord of the Admiralty highly criminal : one was that the object of Comte de Grasse’s expedition was of the most dangerous nature to this country : it was to destroy its empire in the weft, and in some measure to blot the British name out of the chronicles of the world; but great as theft objects were, he was permitted to pursue them without the least

mo -

C

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782.

Mr.

hands of the present first Lord of the Admiralty, he would vote for the motion.

Mr. John Townshend spoke for a considerable time in favour of

1 owe field. the motion. Reprobated the First Lord of the Admiralty for fending out a frigate to desire our fleet to go North about, which was, he said, a plain indication to them, that we were not able to fend a force able to cope with fix fail of the line. He reminded thrf House of Lord Sandwich’s declaration in the House of Lords, and affirmed, that he was confident our navy could never fiourifli while he was at the head of it, as moil of our able admirals were driven from the service.

Mr. Pentort. Mr. Periten rose, and defended Lord Sandwich on nearly the fame grounds that Lord Mulgrave did. He infilled, that the whole force of the nation had been exerted, according to the best adtice the Admiralty could get.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pitt shewed the fallacy of Mr. Penton’s argument respecting the whole force being employed, when it was plainly proved, that a considerable part of our marine lay idle at the time the small reinforcements were wanting; he was of opinion, that a motion to remove the First Lord of the Admiralty would have bees much better.

Lord North, Lord North got up to give his negative to the motion; he declared, that Lord Sandwich, since his coming into office, had got a better supply of timber, a greater number of ships, than were employed last war, and had proved himself a Heady friend to the public. —It was unfair, unjuil, and by no means candid to decide upon his merit by a partial enquiry of four facts, which had been stated, but what he by no means would allow to be proved. He was of opinion, the motion for Lord Sandwich’s removal was far more just than the present one, which seemed to be framed and determined upon before the papers to give the information were read. The noble Lord admitted that many of our best officers were unemployed, and disgusted, but it by no means appeared that they had any just cause for their disgust. Ministers were charged on mere suspicion : no proof whatever was given, and Upon this conje&ural accusation the House must decide.

Ad. KtfftU Admiral Keppel confirmed Lord Howe in every argument he made use of, and gave his hearty assent to the motion.

E. Peering, Sir Edward Dee ring spoke against the motion. '

Mr. Pitt. Mr. Pitt rose, and explained several matters that had been mif - represented by Lord North. After which Sir Fletcher Sir Fletcher Norton got up, and declared to the House, that it was his intention not to have spoke upon the occasion, but to have left it to more able hands; but when he observed professional men, and those of the first authority, give their sentiments, so corref ponding with his own, he could not fit and give a silent vote. He then entered into the business with much judgment, and gave his hearty assent to the motion,

Mr. Shefidan spoke with great energy, and commented on what had fallen from Lord North; particularly in the expression, that though there were many of the best officers disgusted, they had no cause of disgust. He condemned the noble Lord, in pointed terms, for expressing such language, at a time when that House, and all the world knew and felt the treatment which the veteran

commanded

Norton,

Mr. S -

don.

- A. 1782.

DEBATES.

Darby’s fleet. It was his buflness to have given orders to our commander to detach to the West - Indies, if it should so happen that the Spaniards should not dispute the passage of the Streights with us. A minister of common foresight would have said to his admiral, either the Spaniards will fight you on your way to Gibraltar, or they will not. If they should not, then you will immediately dispatch a part of your fleet to the West - Indies, " to countera& the Comte de Grasse. —This would have been the lan - ' guage of a provident minister; but it was not. the language of Lord Sandwich. If he had so instructed Admiral Darby, a de - ' tachment of clean English ships, without convoy, would have in ' all probability joined Sir Samuel Hood before the Comte’s arrival; and in that case there was every degree of likelihood, that the French would have been defeated.

2d. The second head of accusation was the loss of the St. Euftatius convoy. It appeared, from the papers before the committee, that Sir George Rodney had written to the Admiralty about this convoy before it failed; and acquainted the board with the course it was to ftecr : this letter was received on the 25th of March. When it was received, it was well known to the first Lord of the Admiralty, as the committee had learned from the papers, that a squadron was fitting out at Brest, the command of which was given to Mons. de la Motte Picquet. Admiral Darby was then lying off the coast of Ireland; but no orders were sent to him on the subject. Admiral Rodney’s letter said, the Euftatius ' convoy was perhaps the richest that had ever been bound for England. Mr. Fox observed, that as to the riches that were on board of it, when he considered how they had been acquired, they were the riches, the loss of which, of all others, he should least regret; but still, as it was the duty of the First Lord of the Admiralty to protect it, his neglect was alone sufficient to shew how disqualtfied he was for the office he held. The squadron under De la Motte Piquet had been a considerable time fitting out; very regular in telligence had been transmitted to the Admiralty, of the progress of preparations during the months of February, March, and April 5 and yet not one step had been taken to guard against it : and this was the more criminal, as we were at the time in almost daily expectation of the arrival of the Jamaica, as well as the St. Euftatius fleet : no preparation, however, was made to afford them protection; and all that was done was, that two frigates had been dispatched to meet them if possible, warn them of their danger, and enable them to avoid it, if they could, by making some port in Ireland, or going north about. One of the frigates fortunately fell in with the Jamaica fleet, which accidentally escaped the danger; but the St. Euftatius convoy was taken, at lean ili part, on the 2d and 3d of May. The convoy had been expected ever since the receipt of Sir George Rodney’s letter on the 25 th of March, and Lord Sandwich knew of the preparations of Mon£ de la Motte Piquet, from the beginning of February, and yet no step had been taken to proteCl the one, or defeat the other; nay, ib great was the negligence of the first Lord of the Admiralty, that he never thought of making Admiral Darby acquainted with the expected arrival of the St. Euftatius convoy, till the 10th of May; and then dispatched a frigate to him, tc give him Older to

VOL V

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

fail to a particular latitude, in order to pretext a convoy, which hfid been taken just seven days before the frigate had been d : f - patched to him : now the probability was, that this frigate could not reach Admiral Darby in much left than a fortnight; Co that near two months had clay fed between the receipt of Sir George Rodney’s letter, giving notice of the failing of the convoy, and the time when Admiral Darby got orders to fail for its prote&ion.

- - - - - Ke asked gentlemen, if this alone wss not sufficient to justify

any motion that he should think proper to make against the f. rft Lord of the Admiralty ? There was only one excuse, which however poor for a nayal mimftrr, ought to be admitted in such a case as the present; and that was that he really had not any force sufficient to cope with Mons. de la Motte Piquet; but poor ai this excuse mult be in the mouth of an English naval miniitei, Lord Sandwich was not fortunate enough to ha\e it; for it appeared from the monthly returns, that there wereships enough in pprt, whi li, from the month of March, w hen Sir George Rodney’s letter gave notice of the intended lailing of the convoy from St. Euftatius, to the latter end of April, might have been pot ready; he read a list of the ships, and, including one or two fifties, there appeared to have been in our different ports twelve fail of the line, a force sufficient to have defeated Mons. de la Motte Piquet : he read clfo the returns from the guardships, lfating the numbers on board, from which he proved, that if we had ships, so also we had men to put on board of them : so that he con -, eluded, that the lof; of the convoy could and ought to be attributed only to the mismanagemt ' qt, pr something worse, of the fjrft Lord of the Admiralty,

3d. The thitd head of accusation was the letter from the Admiralty to the Mayor of Bristol; —Admiral Darby, as appeared from the papers, had acquainted the Admiralty, that he had fallen in uith a Swedish brig, ttie mailer of which had informed him, that he had been boarded by a frigate, under Sjwnish colours, belonging to the combined fleets, which were then n the channel; and that in consequence of this intelligence he had thought proper to return up thfc channel for orders; and had put into Torbay. And here it was to be observed, that the master of the brig was in Englishmjin, who would not deceive his country, and whole jpurnaj confirmed his story. How did the First Lord of the Admiralty answer this letter ? In an insulting manner, telling the admiral he did not believe the intelligence; and adding if the account had been tfue that the combined fleets had appeared in such a latitude, he ( Admiral Darby ) mult have seen them. In answer to the Mayor of Bristol, he said that the combined fleets were not in the channel, an ( that Admiral Darby had put into ' Torbay only to waterT This he mull have known at the time to have been a falsenood; for the admiral in his letter assigned a very different rpafon for returning into port, so that it looked as if the naval minister wanted to enmare the trade of Bristol by inducing the merchants to fend their ships to sea, that he might deliver them into the hands of the enemy, just as he had sent Captain Moutray into the hands of Admiral Cordova. But to shew how completely the Admiralty either had been deceived itself, or had deceived the May v of Bristol, it appeared that Lord Stormont ' ' ’ had,

A. 178 *. DEBATES.

had, on the very day of the date of the Admiralty letter to tfio Mayor, sent an express to Lord Curlifle; with poiitive intelligence that the enemy was in the channel.

4th. The fourth charge related to the management of the Dutch war. That war was, he said, of all foolish, absurd, and mad tin dertakings, the mofifoolish, the mod absurd, and the most mad; It had been represenced to that House, in order to get them to approve of the war, that the Dutch were in 2 mols defenceless slate; that there was a very great party for ns in Holland; and that we had only to make a vigorous effort in the beginriing, to give that party the superiority in the councils of the republic; Upon such a Hate of the case, would not any one have expected, that the naval miniiler would have signalized the outset of the Dutch war by an appearance of an Lnglish squadrori iit the Texelf An attack might finely be expected to be attended with every fuc - eels that we could wiih for; but nothing was more foreign to the intention of Lord Sandwich; he suffered the enemy to equip those ships which he might have destroyed in the Texcl; ana then brought them to an action, which certainly redounded greatly to the honour of Admiral Parker and his officers, and of the enemy too; but which was far from ending in so decisive a victory as might have been expected, over an enemy who was represented as weak and enervated. —In this case also, as that of the St. Eif - rtatius convoy, Lord Sandwich had many ships which he might have sent to reinforce Admiral Parker : the Sampson of 64 guns, was one, which, instead of fending direct, to the admiral. Lord Sandwich sent to the grand fleet, to which place flie was to be lent for, if wanted. He. ehe took an opportunity to tetrad a thing which he had asserted, in a former debate, viz. - - that it was mere chance that had made the B : rwick fall in with the squadron in the North Sea. This he found not to be true, for it now appeared that it was by order of the Admiralty she had joined the squadron. The squadron under a very gallant f. iend of his, and a member of that House, ( Keith Stewart ) had been kept in the Downs for the purpose of watching the Dutch \ how well they had been watched, the safe arrival of Admiral Byland had proclaimed to the world : yet in this, he prefirned his gallant friend was not so blaroe; at lead, he had never b en called to an account for it.

As an epitome of all the other charges, - he subjoiried a fifth, drawn from the latelt dreumihnee, that of the meeting between Admiral Kempenfelt and the Brest fleet. He read the names of the ships which might have been sent out to join our rtar admiral; and which, inclading the squadron In the Downs, made about twenty fail of the line : with this force which might; he said; havet been lent out, it was not to be doubted but through the known bravery and abilities of Admiral Kempenfelt, we should have completely destroyed the French fleet and convoy. *

He concluded, by observing, as he had done already cm ' ri former occasion, that hi : first motion ought to be for a removal of Lord Sandwich from his Majesty’s councils; but he thought it inexpedient now; he would hrit move a cerifure upon him, and if he should carry that, he would follow it. up with an addrefr fd the King, which no doubt would have its AFe&s; and then uu > toQotedly, he would parfue the enquiry through every part, when

4 1

4 2

Lord

borne *

C. ipt.

clin.

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782.

Llf - Lord Lijborne rose to move several resolutions for various sums of money, under the different heads of rebuilding, repairs, &c. of ships; and in general, for the ordinary and extraordinary expences of the navy for the year 1782. His Lordship stated, that the efti - matcs for the ordinary of the navy for the current year, exceeded those of the last, by 23, 0001. and he accounted for this excess, by flaring, that it had been occasioned by the great number of officers, who had been put on the superannuated lifl, by pensions given to officers disabled in the service, and to the widows of those who had been 11am in it. The extraordinaries of the current year exceeded those of the latt by a very considerable sum indeed, no less than

209, 0001. This excess arose, he said, from the very great number of ships repaired, and getting ready for public service. After this short explanation, his Lordship moved his first resolution.

Win - Capt. Minchin descanted a confxderable time on the immenlity of money that had been voted for the navy, and the comparatively shameful state in which it now appeared. The money that had been voted was, he said, either not applied at all, or misapplied in the most shameful manner. In the reign of King William, the navy of England had been doubled; ana not more than 900, 000 !. had been expended for that purpose : and in the present year, the bare effimates for extraordinaries, for 12 months only, exceeded that sum. So many millions had been voted for the navy, during the administration of Lord Sandwich, that if the whole navy of England had been annihilated when that administration began. Lord Sandwich, with the sums voted to him, might have built a complexly new navy : and yet, after all the liberality of Parliament, there were no more than ninety - two ships of the line fit for service this year. —It had been a practice, he observed, with the present admiralty to patch up ships ( merely to deceive the public ) and fend them to sea, when they were really unfit for service. The BJcnheim, of 90 guns, had been equipped, and ordered to join the fleet at the time of the grand naval review; and such was her condition at that juncture, that merely to attempt to join the fleet was, to her officers and men, a much more dangerous service than any they could have been lent upon in any other ship, where the danger from the enemies was the only one to be apprehended : she was ordered back again to port after the review, and there ( he remained ever since, totally unserviceable to the public; and thus whatever money had been expended on her, previous to the review, was entirely loft. —The Arrogant appeared upon the estimates for four or five years back; and yet it was not till lately that Ihe was made fit for service; had the Admiralty been more diligent, and got this ship and one or two more in readiness, time enough to have joined Admiral Geary, that officer might have seen Captain Moutray and his convoy out of danger; and perhaps, by falling in with the Spanish fleet, have put an end to the Spanish war, at a blow. — The Thunderer and Stirling - castle, the loss of whic ! had plunged many families into grief and mourning, were in such a state of repair, that he was informed by many expert seamen, that they were convinced these ships might have weathered out the stormin which they were loft, if they had not been sent to sea, when their condition was much better suited to a dock, than the lea. From such mismanagement as he discovered throughout the whole conduct of

the

A. 1782. DEBATES.

With respect t6 his first great charge, relative to the failing of Comte de Grasse, the evidence which had been read, sufficiently pointed out a reason why he had not been intercepted. The relief of Gibraltar was looked for by the whole nation; and from the bell intelligence, which the committee had heard read, it was understood that the Spaniards intended to meet us, and give us battle. The intelligence, as the committee had heard, bad held this language for two months : the Spanish force was sometime varied in the accounts; but the force was generally fluctuating from 30 to 36 fail of the line, besides frigates, and 18 fire - ftiips, collected for the purpose of burning the British fleet in passing through the Streights. To oppose such a force, it was highly necessary to get together a fleet that should put it out of the power of chance to defeat our expedition : such a force was collected; and would it have been prudent to have risqued the loss of Gibraltar on the bare chance of meeting with Mons. de Grasse ? Would it have been confident with the spirit of the nation, to have taken any Aep that would look as if we had been bullied out of our purpose of relieving Gibraltar, after the Spaniards had in a manner challenged us, after they had thrown down the gauntlet, when they drew their fleet in line of battle across the mouth of the Streights ? All Europe looked at the time for an engagement between the two fleets; the Spaniards were sure of it; and, when the British fleet appeared in light of Gibraltar, the beiiegers could scarcely believe their eyes; and on that day they first opened their batteries against the town. In the mean time our fleet in the West - Indies had not been forgotten; information was dispatched to Sir Samuel Hood by a frigate, of the failing of Comte de GralTe; and when the latter arrived, be did not feel himself so superior as the hon. member seemed to represent him, for he three days constantly refused the challenge which Sir Samuel was daily giving him to renew the engagement. But, the hon. member would say, why were not some ships detached to the West - Indies from Admiral Darby’s fleet ? The reason was obvious it was upon that fleet alone we had to depend for the defence of our coasts, the protection of the Channel, the lafety of our convoys, and the annoyance of the Dutch.

As to the second charge, the loss of the St. Euftatius convoy; he would say that there had been much more reason to suppose that Mons. de la Motte Piquet was bound for America, than for the coall of Ireland; but that as soon as his real destination way known, two frigates had been dispatched to meet the Jamaica fleet and the St. Euftatius convoy : one of them was fortunate enough. ' to fall in with the former, which went north about, and escaped all danger : unfortunately the other frigate did not meet with - Commodore Hotham; and the misfortune, which it was the wish Of the Admiralty to avert, fell upon the convoy. The honour - able member ridiculed the idea of fending a frigate to Admiral Darby long after the capture of the convoy; but the convoy was tery near being re - taken; for as soon as the frigate reached the fleet. Admiral Darby was detached with ten fail to look out for Mons. de la Motte Piquet; and he came so near him, that one ftight a ship of each squadron had a very ( harp engagement.

Cj The

4 4

PARLIAMENTARY

A. i7$ > r.

The third charge, relative to the combined fleets and the letter to the mayor of Bristol, was of much leis weight than the gentleman Teemed tc think; and, firit, as to the combined fleet *; the matter of a brig laid he had been boarded by a Spanish frigate, and that ( he belonged to a very large fleet of men of war; the Admiralty did not believe the intelligence. Truly it would be a dangerous thing to be in office, if a miniiTer was to have a charge m. iae against him in parliament every time he should be found not Co have believed the story that should have been told him by a merchantman ! Oh ! but the matter of the brig was an English - man, and therefore his intelligence might be relied on. Th’s war had afforded instances that an Englishmen could betray England as well as an enemy could. Well, but his journal confirmed his story. Yes; but it was possible it might have been made for the very purpose of confirming the story. The reason why the Admiralty did not believe the intelligence, was, that it was di - reflly contrary to the whole tenor of the information they had from Spain; from which it was conjectured, that most probably a part of the fleet was cruizing off Cape Spartel, while another part was sent to Minorca. On the other hand, the Admiralty supposing die matter of the brig not to have imposed upon Admiral Darby, accounted for the fleet he had seen at a great distance, in this manner : just about that time a very large convoy of ioo fail of transports was to fail from the isle of Khe, and might at the time be just in the latitude, in which the mailer of the brig said he - saw a large fleet. It was upon this principle that the answer to the mayor of Bristol was made, and not for thepur - j > ofe of decoying the trade of Bristol into the hands of the enemy, just as Captain Moutray, as the honourable member was pleased to lay, had been sent to deliver up his convoy to the Spaniards. As to Capt. Moutray, it was with real concern of mind he laid it ) he was confured by his judges for his conduCl in that affair; and indeed it was not without pain that he heard that officer’s name mentioned so often with very little respect; because, until that fatal day, when he loll his convoy, his name flood high and tinblemished in his profession; and, therefore, he had rather paf his name over in ( ilence, than speak difrefpedfully of a very gallant officer. The loss of the convoy might be attributed to the merchants, who had ordered their ships to touch at Madeira for wine. He did not blame Admiral Darby for returning to port for orders; on the contrary, he thought he aCled for the gioa of the service, and confidently with that judgment nd ( kill which he displr. yed in the expedition to Gibraltar. There were two rea - fons, why he would neither blame the iirft Lord of the Admiralty, f > r having told the mayor of Bristol, that the fleet had put into Torbay, only to water—One was, that he did not think it necessary, that the mayor should be made acquainted with the rsafor. s of our manoeuvres at sea—The other was, that the admiral had, in one of his letters said, he would put to sea again with the firlb fair wind : this did not look like an intention in him to remain cooped up in Torbay.

The fourth charge had perhaps less in it than any of the former. The reason Admir - 1 Parker did not flop before the Texd tb pre -

A. 1782. DEBATES. 415

vent the Dutch from coming out, was, that he had a very great convoy to carry out, and another still more valuable to bring home : perhaps indeed this latter might be called the mod valuable that had ever reached England; for it brought us home naval supplies of all forts, sufficient for the exigencies of our whole navy for two years. He was free to confess at the same time he did not think it would be a very great mark of prudence in government to a fleet in the Texel; he had never indeed served in the North Seas; Hit still was of opinion, the Texel would be too dangerous a ftaiion for a squadron. The uncertainty of the latitude in which the Vice - Admiral might be met with, was the reason why the Sampson had not been sent to him directly; but ( he was sent to the Gun Fleet, where the admiral was acquainted by a frigute, which failed before the Sampson was ready, ihe might be found, if he should stand in need of her. His Lordship expressed his satis faction, that the hon. member had discovered his error, with respect to the Berwick : from that circumstance however, he hoped gentlemen would learn not to trust much to the hon. member’s assertions, as they had now a proof that he often made them without any grounds; and he Battered himself that they would require iutficient evidence for every afftrtion made; though evidence was a thing which the hon. member did not {cem much inclined to with for; it was his worst enemy, as it detected in many instances, where he expected that his friends would fvvallow his aftertions, for proofs; they had now a very recent instance that if they did, they would be the dupes of their own credulity.

With reg. ird to Admiral Kempenfelt’s cruize nothing new came, out; that subject was so much ui feu fled before the holidays, that not any light was thrown upon it.

As to the hon. Commodore ( Stewart ) to wh in the hon. member had alluded, his character did not Hand in need of hispraife; and therefore it was unnecessary for him to say, that he was a gallant and an able officer. If the station, in which he had been placed by the Admiralty, had not appeared to him the most proper for watching the Dutch, he would have remonstrated again it that station; and as he did not remonstrate against it, it was flattering to the board that an officer of his skill and judgment should approve of the station. If, on the other hand, he did not intercept Admiral By land, there was every reason to believe from the zeal, activity, gallantry, and skill of that Commodore, that it was because the thing was irapoffible. Gentlemen would consider that tracks at sea were not like roads on shore, where there were turnpikes, at which those whom we might wifti to secure must paf *.

His Lordship concluded by observing thatt the Committee was going to pronounce on the character of an old and faithful servant of the crown; and as he trusted that in either acquitting or condemning him they would be swayed only by evidence, so he trusted that they would find in the papers that had been read to them, ample evidence of the innocence, merit and activity of the Earl of Sandwich

Mr. Alderman Ntwitbam complimented Lord Mulgrave on the Alderman ingenious defence of his friend, and said it did justice both to his Newnbam head and to his l eart. fie blamed Admiralty for having so far

give *

6

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178a.

that day moved in the committee, relative to the mismanagemeat of the navy, could not be entered in the Journals, as t£e proceedings of a committee mud be reported to the House, before they can find their way into the Journals; and as in the case he alluded to, the committee had not come to any resolution, his motion having been negatived, there was of course nothing fbv the committee to report. He was. resolved, however, at all events, that his motion should appear upon record; and therefore he then rave notice, that on Wednesday next, he would m ve in the floufe, a resolution, fobftantially, if not literally the fame, as that which, on Thursday lift had been rejected in the committee, lord ' Lord Mulfrave observed, in reply to Mr. Hoid/woftb, that if

{ fie ’ could put the Admiralty in the way of coming to the proofs

of several of the things he had mentioned in his speech, he might

.. .. .. rest assured that the Board would leave nothing undone to hnng

the Offenders to punishment. The felling of the rigging of prizes Was merely in consequence of the difference which sometimes was found between the rigging of foreign ships and that of our own; but if cables fit for service were, cut up, it was a grievance which called loudly for redress : the Tales, however, in all the yards, were carried on under the immediate inspection of the commilfidners, officers of rank and merit $ and who, he believed, from a regard for their own honour, would not sufferfoch gross practices, as the honourable member complained of, to exist. As to the combinations he had mentioned, he really did not know Of any means to prevent them, but those which were already in nfe : the Tales were all advertised; and if people would not attend them, to break the combinations, he saw no remedy, no more than there was in London, to prevent the combination of brokers at an au&km : on the other hand, he had known foveral inlbmces, where the Admiralty had, with a degree of hardship to captors, compelled them to fell their prizes to Government, at a far inferior price, than they could nave Had at a regular sale. As for the transports, and the particular cafo mentioned by the honorable member, where the freight cod ten times as much as the cargo, he could only ( ay, that fometlmes such circumstances might unavoidably happen; a transport, hired for the month, might by contrary winds, &c. be prevented from being employed iw carrying any thing, but what was first put on board of her 5 in the lift war, from similar circumstances, it was said, that the water lent out to our fleet in Quiberon - bay, cost Government foveral shillingt per gallon : and yet, in cases of this kind, it - was not politic to discharge the ship, because it was with difficulty the trpnfportt eould be kept in the public service, while there wire such great offers held out for them by the merchants; and he could aiTurtf the hon. member, that if the public loft on one ship, it gained otr others; for he onderstood from the Comptroller or the Navy, that many endeavours had been made by the owners. of trjlnfpmts in thi public forvice to Be released by the Navy Boird from. fh ir con - tratts, because they could employ their ships to so much more advantage in the merchants service : btft these endeavour had always. been refilled. -

The idea of introducing hoo ( e carpenters idto the ' ock - yardi, was specious and impofrog; but he believed it to bt nearly im *

4 7

A % 17 S 2. DEBATES.

- was preparing a force, no matter of what description, it was the bufrness of the Board of Admiralty to know, as far as they could, what that force confuted of; and if th uyCould not precifeiy ascertain that, to take care to send out a fleet rather superior than otherwise. But it appeared that the Admiralty knew of 17 or 18 fail being in readiness; they therefore had a right to conclude a junction of the whole, and be prepared for them. No such con - diift, he observed, had been adopted; on the contrary, twelve fail of the line only were sent, and the excuse for that small number was, that no more ships could be ( pared. Admitting this last excuse to be true, he then would aft :, why they were sent at all ? as it was confessed by the noble Lord it was very uncertain whether they could meet with Mons, Vaudrcuil; and he could add, having met with Motif. Vaudreuil, it was very providential they were not all captured.

Before the noble Lord fat down, he called on Lord Mulgrave to satisfy him in this last particular, as he would be governed in giving his assent ordiffent to the motion in consequence.

Lord 1Mulgrave said, he always liltened to the noble Lord with Lonl Mul - great attention and respect, and only differed from him on points grave in which he could not be convinced. He then replied to the question relative to Admiral Kempcnfelt, in which lie did little more than re - state the reasons he gave at first.

Lord Hcn. vc said those reasons were not satisfa£lory to him. LorJ Hrwu

Mr. If ’ chb condemned the Admiralty as usual, but particularly Mr. Webb with respect to ship building in merchants yards. He said he was glad to find that what he had said before othe occasion had produced a good cffefl; for now he found that contracts had been " made in all the yards in the river; in one for a ship of 90 guns. —

There were a great many ships on the flocks—he had a list of them in his hand : they amounted to 35; but he believed not more than ten of them could be launched this war, were it to last for seven

years. The Royal Sovereign at Plymouth had been in her frame these seven years, and was now completely rotten. He would recommend it to the board to give some expedition money to the builders, and they being enabled to employ more hands, and give better wages, would launch ships in a very short time; by these means the Shrewsbury had been built and launched in 14 months. A builder at Bristol had built, with great dispatch, a ship of 50 guns, and was promised a contrail for another of 64 guns; but when the former was completed, he could not obtain the contract for the second, though, on the proniife of it, he had purchased io, ooool. worth of timber; and now the yard lay idle. Much had been said about the high price that Mr. Wells had demanded : from what had been said, he really had imagined that the price was exorbitant : how greatly, therefore, was he furp ifed to find it was no more than two shillings and sixpence per ton, the price for ships of 74 guns being 17I. 12s. 6d. for ships of 64, 17I. J05. it had been said, that the proud stomach of Mr. Wells had been brought down; but in fact it was the proud stomach of the Admiralty, that had been brought down, by coming up within 2s. 6 ( b of ? vlr, Wells’s price : the navy was the only, at least the principal 4&strument of our fafetv; and as he found it did not inQrrease in the ' Yol V. '. 11 h k T - wU '

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1782.

Mr. Pitt *

Lord N

hands of the present first Lord of the Admiralty, he would vote for the motion.

Mr. Jr, bn Mr. John Townshend spoke for a considerable time in favour of

1 own [ bend. the motion. Reprobated the First Lord of the Admiralty for fending out a frigate to desire our fleet to go North about, which was, he said, a plain indication to them, that we were not abk to fend a force able to cope with fix fail of the line. He reminded th4 House of Lord Sandwich ' s declaration in the House of Lords, and affirmed, that he was confident our navy could never flourish while he was at the head of it, as moil of our able admirals were driven from the service.

Mr. Penton. Mr. Peritcn rose, and defended Lord Sandwich on nearly the same grounds that Lord Mulgrave did. He infilled, that the whole force of the nation had been exerted, according to the best ad ice the Admiralty could get.

Mr. Pitt shewed the fallacy of Mr. Penton ' s argument relpeCL ing the whole force being employed, when it was plainly proved, that a considerable part of our marine lay idle at the time the small reinforcements were wanting; he was of opinion, that a motion to remove the First Lord of the Admiralty would have been much better.

Lord North got up to give his negative to the motion; he declared, that Lord Sandwich, since his coming into office, had got a better supply of timber, a greater number of ships, than were employed lall war, and had proved himself a ileady friend to the public. —It was unfair, unjuit, and by no means candid to decide upon his merit by a partial enquiry of four facts, which had been dated, but what he by no means would allow to be proved. He was of opinion, the motion for Lord Sandwich ' s removal was far more just than the present one, which seemed to be framed and determined upon before the papers to give the information were read. The noble Lord admitted that many of our best officers were unemployed, and disgusted, but it by no means appeared that they had any just cause for their disgust. Ministers were charged on mere suspicion : no proof whatever was given, and Upon this conjectural accusation the House must decide.

Admiral Keppel confirmed Lord Howe in every argument he made use of, and gave his hearty assent to the motion.

Sir Edward Deering spoke against the motion. *

Mr. Pitt rose, and explained several matters that had been mif - represented by Lord North. After which

Sir Fletcher Norton got up, and declared to the House, that it was his intention not to have spoke upon the occasion, but to have left it to more able hands; but when he observed professional men, and those of the first authority, give their sentiments, so corref - ponding with his own, he could not fit and give a silent vote. He then entered into the business with much judgment, and gave his hearty assent to the motion,

Mr. Shetidan spoke with great energy, and commented on what had fallen from Lord North; particularly in the expression, that though there were many of the best officers disgusted, they had no cause of disgust. He condemned the noble Lord, in pointed terms, for expressing such language, at a time when that House, &&d all the world knew and felt the treatment which the veteran

commander

Ad. Keppel *

E Deeri.

Mr. Pi•

Sir Fletcher Norton•

Mr, Sheridan *

V

4 9

A. 1782 DEBATES *

commanders of the fleet had experienced. The hon gentleman with mod forcible expression, declared his abhorrence of language so disrespectful and unbecoming, after their shameless behaviour, by which thfir country had, in its worst moments, loft the benefit of assistance from such distinguished characters as a Keppel, a Howe, a Barrington, a Parker, a Harland, a Pigot, a Byron, and all the others whom they had driven into retirement. He repeated many of the gallant actions of these men, and spoke in high terms of the just influence which they possessed in the navy, and the credit which they had with the people. —The present was a time to speak out. Men must not now, from reasons of per fonal prtidence, keep from the knowledge of their country, the reasons which induced, or which constrained them to relinquish the service. There were several of these officers then present in the House, and he hoped they would now rife, fired at the in - fult offered them by the expression of the noble Lord in the blue ribband, and explain fully and clearly the reasons which they had for withdrawing. One of those admirals ( Keppel ) had given that explanation. His reasons had been too evident to require dif - closure; but there were other distinguished admirals in the House who had not been so explicit, and of whom all the world entertained the highest opinion. From their accounts the House would fee whether there was either decency or modesty in the language of the noble Lord; and also whether, after such behaviour to men so eminent. It would be either just or prudent to suffer the Earl of Sandwich to continue in place; for he was a man born for the destruction of the Bptish navy.

Admiral Pigot, after some pause, evidently intended for Lord Admiral Pi -. Howe, rose, and stated in a manly and clear manner the condu&£ ° r of the First Lord of the Admiralty towards him; by which it appeared that Lord Sandwich, having first solicited him to serve in the most flattering terms, had offered him a command by letter which he had the day before given to another officer. Admiral Gambier

—that afterwards, on the breaking out of the French war, on Admiral Pigot’s renewing his offers to serve, the First Lord of the Admiralty asked him directly for his interest in the India - House, the charge of the murder of Lord Pigot, his brother, being then brought against the friends of Lord Sandwich. On the admiral’s refusing. Lord S. told him, with a sneer, that he would acquaint his Majesty of his readiness to serve him, —and from that hour he was never applied to more

After some further debate, Mr. Fox rofc again, and concluded Mr. Fox, the whole in a speech of considerable length, in which he animadverted with his wonderful powers on the weak, puerile, and absurd arguments advanced in contradiction of his motion. He particularly adverted to the arguments and assertions of Lord Mulgrave, and after replying to every material matter, that had arisen in the course of the debate, concluded with a forcible appeal to the independent members of the House to alTert their privilege, and by a full and manifest declaration of their sentiments, be inilrumental to the salvation of their country.

The committee divided — Ayes 183

Noes 205

The

45# PARLIAMENTARY A. i 78 *.

they do. There were fix of these mulhroom shipa in the pre&nt climates. He then observed that the honourable gentleman ( J. Luttrell j had Bated to the House, a comparison between onr navy #f 176a and that of 78 1. Ip this statement, he thoaght the companion hardly feir For if the noble Lord in the bine ribbon could allure os of a peace, woo Id he not consider it necessary to have an equal force in times of peace as on. the greatest emergencies in war ? Surely he would. As the enemy, being fully apprised of yonr power, would then more readily grant the terms which might be the object of your war. B ut in the peace of 176a, our ships were necefifanly inferior to What they were in 1758, from the great exertions and services Of our fleet in several parts of the globe. So that to compare onr situation of 1781 with that of 762, Was by no means impartial. He then read a comparative view of oar fleet in 1758 and 1781, from which it appeared we Were noW inferior. But, notwithstanding, he did not mean to fetter the hands of government in this hoar of necessity. He would not have the Hpufe understand him in such a light. All he meant Was, that they would fee the necessity of a reformation of conduit, and an enquiry into those abates of which they had been informed An amendment of such frauds were the object of his sentiments. It had been observed in respect to the sale of condemned storts, that they were advertised. To this be dissented— they were not advertised —and he would explain in what manner they were not advertised. It was true, these articles were infenc « n the public papers, Jmt not with aa intention for public sale. So that to consider the matter effectually, they were not advertised for public sale. It was only a form, which deluded the public of their fiibftance. What the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Holds - werth ) had, therefore dated to the House in so satisfactory a manner, he hoped would meet the serious attention of that board. Before the right honourable gentleman concluded, he observed that if any gentleman could satisfactorily let the conduct of the •Navy Board in its proper point of view, it was the comptroller of that board. Not that he had had any conference with him on the subject; for he had not seen him—to converge with him for five and thirty years However, he had such a confidence in his. ability, official knowledge, and character, that there was nothing he so much desired as to fee him examined at the bar of that •House. But of this he despaired. He should, he fald, conclude with recommending it to the House to grant the supplies contained in the estimates then on the table; though they were enormous, yet in the prefenc alarming Bate of dungs the supply mult be granted.

LvH MuU Lord Mklgrav arose, and said a few words in reply. Observ - Zravt ing that when enquiries of the present nature were entered into, it was the Cry of the other part of the House, that the ebjects of that enquiry would produpe only such witnesses as, being dependent, were obliged to discover no secret of pftcc that might tend to criminate the object of such an enquiry. I ' hey, therefore, objected so have such witness examined. And now the right bon. gentleman ( Col. Barre ) had expressed bit anxiety to have the eomptmfcr of that board, examined at she bur, in respe£ to its Cooduft. '

Colour

A. 17&Z. DEBATES

V1

Colonel Barre laid a few words in reply. C L Barrel

Sir William James explained the case of the Brilliant, so far as Sir William, he was concerned. > ’ Jameu

The several proportions were read, and the Turns granted with - •tit any division.

Peb. 15. Adjourned; there not being a sufficient number of members to proceed to a ballot.

Feb. 16; Adjourned For the same reason.

Feb. 18. Mr. Montagu, agreeable to the notice hi gave on Mr. Thursday last, informed the House, that he had turned on his tag *. mind the late ( haracful practice of presenting petitions complaining jof undue elections, and afterwards without the least notice to the House withdrawing them; as much injury might arise from a continuance of such practice, he should, to prevent the like in future, and hinder the House from being furpnzed, move that whenever a motion is made to withdraw a petition complaining of an undue election, that the confederation of the said motion be deferred until such future day as the House may appoint, provided at the same time, that not less than three days notice be given.

Sir M. W Ridley was of opinion, that three days was by no Sir W means sufficient notice, as gentlemen might be in the country, and not able to attend in the time; that the place he had the honour to rtpresent ( Newcastle ) was of such a distance, that eight days would, not be sufficient. He likewise hoped, the honourable gentleman trould not flop at that one modon, as there were many other part#

of Mr. Grenville’s bill that required amendment, particularly that of preventing frivolous and vexatious petitions, oy making the parties that presented them liable to the coils; for although the petition against him had been by the indulgence of the House withdrawn, yet his door was surrounded by persons brought up at a vaff expence from Newcaille as witnesses, he not knowing, until the day the petition was withdrawn, that any thing of the kind was intended.

Mr. Montagu said, the reason of his making the present modon, Mr. Afar - was only to prevent the House from being surprized whenever a motion to withdraw a petition for the future should come before them; they would be competent to defer such modon, as long at should appear to them necessary.

The motion was made a Handing order of the House.

Sir HarbordHarbord, on the order of the day being read for Sir

taking into consideration the reporten the Cricklade election, said, he looked upon it as his indispensable duty, as chairman of the committee that tried that election, to inform the House, there appeared most flagrant acts of bribery and corruption at the said election. That such abuses had been committed, as called loudly for the interference of parliament to prevent the like in future; he therefore moved. That the report of the committee be then fead, which was,

" That it appeared to the committee, that the most glaring acts of bribery lied been used at the Election for a member to ' serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade in the county.

" of Wilts/"

That

4

I ord Lif - hcrnc.

PARLIAMENTARY

A. i; Sz.

C. \rt. ft Ur - cL tt,

Lord LJJborne rose to move several resolutions for various fanu of money, under the different heads of rebuilding, repairs, &c. of ships; and in general, for the ordinary and extraordinary expenses of the navy for the year 1782. His Lordship stated, that the eh - mates for the ordinary of the navy for the current year, exceeded those of the said, by 23, 0001. and he accounted for this excess, by hating, that it had been occasioned by the great number of officers, who had been put on the superannuated lilt, by pensions given to officers disabled in the service, and to the widows of those who had been flain in it. The extraordinaries of the current year exceeded those of the lait by a very considerable sum indeed, no less than

209, 000 1. This excess arose, he said, from the very great number of ships repaired, and getting ready for pubiic service. After this short explanation, his Lordship moved his first refolurion.

Capt. Minchin descanted a considerable time on the immensity of money that had been voted for the navy, and the comparatively shameful Hate in which it now appeared. The money that had been voted was, he said, either not applied at all, or misapplied in the most shameful manner. In the reign of King William, the navy of England had been doubled; ana not more than 900, 000 !. had been expended for that purpose : and in the present year, the bare cllimates for extraordinaries, for 12 months only, exceeded that sum. So many millions had been voted for the navy, during the administration of Lord Sandwich, that if the whole navy of England had been annihilated when that administration began. Lord Sandwich, with the sums voted to him, might have built a completely new navy : and yet, after all the liberality of Parliament, there were no more than ninety - two ships of the line fit for service this year. —It had been a practice, he observed, with the present admiralty to patch up ships ( merely to deceive the public ) and fend them to sea, when they were really unfit for service. The BJenheim, of 90 gun >, had been equipped, and ordered to join the fleet at the time of the grand naval review; and such was her conr - dition at that juncture, that merely to attempt to join the fleet was, to her officers and men, a much more dangerous service than any they could have been lent upon in any other ship, where the danger from the enemies was the only one to be apprehended : she was ordered back again to port after the review, and there Ihe remained ever since, totally unserviceable to the public; and thus whatever money had been expended on her, previous to the review, was entirely loft. —The Arrogant appeared upon theeftimates forfburor five years back; and yet it was not till lately that she was made fit for service; had the Admiralty been more diligent, and got this ship and one or two more in readiness, time enough to have joined Admiral Geary, that officer might have fecn Captain Moutray and his convoy out of danger; and perhaps, by falling in with the Spanish fleet, have put an end to the Spanish war, at a blow.

The Thunderer and Stirling - cnllle, the loss of which had plunged many families into grief and mourning, were in such a state of repair, that he was informed by many expert seamen, that they were convinced these ships might have weathered out the stormin which they were loft, if they had not been sent to sea, when their condition was much better suited to a dock, than the lea. From such mismanagement as he difeuvered throughout the whole conduit of

the

4 3

A. 1782. DEBATES.

the First Lord of the Admiralty, he could no longer repose confidence in him; and therefore he was determined not to vote a fh. il - ing, of which he ( ho a Id have the management.

Captain John Luttrell not seeing the conduit of the First Lord Capt. John of the Admiralty in the fame point of view, did not think him criminal or represenlible; ana therefore he would vote for the estimates on the table; with a thorough conviction that the money the committee was going to vote, would not be misapplied : he knew the diligence and attention of the noble Earl at the head of the Admiralty; and upon comparing his administration with any former one, he found the comparison to be in favour of that noble Lord : the immense quantity of stores with which all the yards abounded, bore ampie testimony to the foresight, prudence, and attention of the naval miniiler; and, for one, he felt himself bound to thank him for laying in supplies, which the greatest exigencies of the state could not, for a very considerable time, ex - hauft. —He then took a comparative view of the state of the navy in the year 1762, and in 1781, and drew a conclusion greatly favourable to the adftiinistration of Lord Sandwich. - He admitted that, perhaps, we might have had a few ships more than we have, but the blame lay, in his opinion, on the ship - builders in the private yards, who had refused to work, uftless the Admiralty would comply with their exorbitant demands; and if the board refilled those demands, it was a proof of their oeconomy, and good husbanding of the public money.

Sir George Yonge was so far from joining the last speakefc in his Sir Georg praise of this species of ( economy, that he most heartily condemned it; for ne observed, that whilst we were saving a little paltry sum on one hand, we were Ioling millions on the other : at 17I. 10s. per ton, we were able to get ships built in three years, or three and a half; and at 20I. per ton, we might have them launched within the year : thus, to save $os. a ton, we deprived ourselves of those ships which might be soon got ready; and which would enable us to put a glorious end to the war, and of course to the annual expenditure of 24 millions : such oeconomy was culpable, and he was surprized that it could enter into any man’s head, to praise the Admiralty for it. For his part, he wiftied that some expedient could be adopted, for adding to the numbers of ship carpenters and others already employed in the dock - yards : this, he said, might be done, by introducing house - carpenters, and making the ( hipwrights take apprentices.

Mr. Pent on assured the hon. member that the board of Admi - Mr. ralty would hold themselves obliged to him, if he would suggest some plan, by which the number of workmen in our yards might be usefully encreased : if such a plan could be found as should promise success, the hon. gentleman could not be more ready to propose, than the board of Admiralty would be to adopt it.

Many schemes had been thought of; but the most likely plan which was meant to be adopted, or at least in his opinion deserved to be so, was to force the private builders to take apprentices; for now they drained the royal yards of their men, by giving them more wages.

Mr. Hujfey could not read the estimates on the table with com - MuHuJfty. tnon patience : they were shamefully exorbitant $ and they were

drawn

PARLIAMENTARY a. 178 :.

drawn up in a manner o impose upon the public : from those efti - mat - s the committee might be led to think that nine new ships would be launched this year by government; but it was clear that this was an imposition, as three of them were to be launched for not by government; these were the Ganges, Carnatic, and Bombay Castle, voted by the India company : so that we were to have fewer ships of the line in our service this year, than in the said, yet the expences were increasing : this was an insult to the nation, and to common sense. He found in the estimates, that though the India company made a present of the hulls, mails, and yards of the above three men of war, yet there was a charge of 1500I. for each of these ships, merely in that date, in which the company intended to deliver thorn to government, free of all rxper. ee ( Col. Barre suggested to him that there ' was a charge in the cllirnates of 33, 000b for these ships. ) He then complained of the llowncfs of our proceedings in building and equipping our ships; and he could not help acquainting the committee, by way of contrail, with a circbmltance which had lately come to his knowledge : an English gentleman had been some time ago at lire it; and being on a footing of intimacy with a French o : neer, belonging to the dock - yard, lie told him he should be glad to see the yard, if a ltranger, and particularly an Englishmen, could at that time be gratified with such a light; he at the same time ca - prelThd his fear to the french officer, that he had urged an improper requell : the latter, however, allured him that he had not, laying, that if such a request had been made during the Jail war, it could not have been complied with, because it would have been impolitic to discover the poverty of France at that period. — But as her yards ar. d her navy wcfc at present in the mofl flourish - ing condition, it was her intcrell that her enemies should fee wdth their own eyes a fight as glorious to France, as it muff be mortifying to England. He then took the English gentleman into the yard, from whence he saw a ship of the line afloat, which had been launched only a few days before. The French officer allured him, that no more than 95 days had elapsed between the time when her keel was laid, and the time when Ihe was launched. In 10 d. iys more Ihe was completely rigged, had taken in her guns and provisions for six months, and was ready to fail at a moment’s warning. - -

The former part of the llory, relative to the 95 days, he gave only on trull, as he had only the French officer ' s word for it; but of the latter circumstance, namely, that ihe was completely fit to go to sea ten days after Ihe was launched, he could give proof at the bar; his friend had been an eye witness to the fa&; and he did not know but he might be able to prevail on him to prove it to the J louse; at present, the gentleman had this objection to appearing at the bar, that he was afraid he should make enemies to himself. If the French could build with such expedition, what

was the rcaion that we could not do so too ? - It was not fjr

want cf money; it was not for want of materials; it mull be for want of exertion and diligence : and yet, if ever there w as a war in which exertion and diligence were necessary, it was the present, What would the Admiralty do, if the report relative to the force fntlie Texel should be true ? The report was, that there were 30

[ men

4 f

A. 1782.

DEBATES.

tnen of war of different rates, and 10O transports, with each i lieutenant and some military force on board; and that the Whole convoy were to fail together, and force their way down the Channel.

Lord Mulgrave oBferved, with respect so the thtee ships; pre - Lord iif A tents from the India Company, he liiuft irtfornt the Honour - gra - vti hbTe member, that though the hulls, mads, and yards were to be paid for by the company, dill there were always a grtiat Many things wanted in the body of the ship, and which were not tb be Fartsished by the compariy, hot yet came witMiii the estimaie for,

and provisions : and these t hi rigs Wotild colt, according to - estimate", about 1500I. per ship, which added to cjooool. fotneodd hundreds per ship for rigging arid ptovifions, would produce nearly the sum fuggelted by a right hon. member of 33, 0001. In alii

Mr. Heldfvjortk held the Admiralty to be highly represensible, Mr. in a variety of instartces. In the sale of the rigging, Sec, of taken from the enemy, he found practices prevailed which were a scandal to the board. He said it was customary to cut the rigging to pieces, and fell it for ropeTyarn. He particularly mentioned thisf to have been done with the rigging of thd Gibraltar, when she was brought into port, after having been taken by Admiral Rodney from the Spaniards : ' her rigging was then in very good Condition, and yet it was cut ijpj her cables were as good as new; hay, some of them had riever been used \ and thel ? fine cables;

, better than any that had been afterwards piit on board her, were cut to pieces, and fold almost as lumber5 ? nd she was detained in port, to the great detriment of the service, for other cables, not naff lb gdod as those which had been cdt up.

There was another great Cause of complairit in the lale of ships belonging to Government J whenever one was set up to sale, there Was always a combination of per ions who bid for her, to the ex - clulion of any others; thus she was fold, perhaps, for 8001. and immediately after Was set up by the persons concerned in the combination, who fold her again for 1600I. arid divided the profit among themselves.

The power that the workmen had to carry aWay chips. Was not founded mceconomy, for he had reafori td think that milch fer - x viceable timber was destroyed and much time loll to the public, by the workmen making chips for themselve$. At the Tales of lumber, in the yards, he was convinced that many very service - able articles were disposed of under that name, and fdr a trifle; and afterwards fold back again to Government for the full value - In the transpott service there was great fault to be found, because In that department there was shameful prodigality of the public money : he knew orie infiance, where a transport, hired at 120L per month, had 2061. worth of oats to carry to America; she was out zriore than 16 morithsj so that the carriage of 2O0I. worth of corn had Really cost the nation upwards of 20001. Theft ! w public grievances, which were suffered under the present Admiralty iand as they were of the most serious nature !, so he could fed longer trust an Admiralty that tolerated, or connived at them.

Mr. /Vxsaid that a circumftauce had occurred to hij mind, Mr. ft Which he did riot think of at the time when the debate of Thurs - day lad was concluded j and that Was - J - that the refutation he had

VdL W lift

6

PARLIAMENTARY

A - 17S1.

lari Mil

( hat day ropved in the cojnmittee, relative to the mismanageaieat of the navy, could not be entered in the Journals, as the proceedings of a committee mud be reported to the House, before they can find their way into the Journals; and as in the case be alluded to, the committee had not come to any resolution, his motion having been negatived, there was of course nothing fa the committee to report. He was resolved, however, at all events, ( hat his motion should appear upon record; and therefore he then gave notice, that on Wednemay next, he would mdve in the fioufc, a resolution, substantiflly, if not literally the fame, that which, on Thursilay lad had been rejected in the committee.

Lord Muffrave observed, in reply to Mr. Hold/woftfc, that if }ie could put the Admiralty in the way of coming to the proofa of Several of the things he had mentioned in his Speech, he might red allured that the Board would leave nothing undone to bring the 6ff enders to punishment. ——The felling of the rigging of prize ' s Was merely in consequence of the difference which ibme - times was found between the rigging of foreign ships and that of our own; but if cables fit for service were, cut up, it was a grievance which called loudly for redress : the Tales, however, ia all the yards, were carried on under the immediate inspection of the commiflidhers, officers of raok and merit $ and who, he be - fieved, from a regard for their own honour, would not fuflferfuch gross practices, as the honourable member complained of, to exist. As to the combinations he had mentioned, he really did not know Of any means to prevent them, but those which were already in Ofe : the sales were all advertised; and if people would pot attend them, to break the combinations, he saw no remedy, no more than there was in London, to prevent the combination of brokers at an auction : on the other hand, he had known several instances, where the Admiralty had, with a degree of hardflup to captors, compelled them to fell their prizes to Government, at a far inferior price, than they could have had at a regular sale. As for the transports, and the particular case mentioned by the honourable member, where the freight coff ten times as much as the cargo, he could only ( ay, that sometimes such circumstances might unavoidably happen; a transport, hired for the month, might of contrary winds, &c. be prevented from being employed fa carrying any thing, but what was first put on board ot her; in the lift war, from limilar circumstances, it was said, that the water sent out to our fleet in Quiberon - bay, cost Government several /hilling ! per gallon : and yet, in cases of this kind, it - was not politic to discharge the /hip, because it was with difficulty the trgnf prts tould be kept in the public service, while there were such great offers held out for them by the merchants j and he could aflurtf the hoh. member, that if the public loft on one flap, it gained off others; for he onderstood from the Comptroller of the Navy, that many endeavours had been made by the owners of trjmfpofrts in the public service to Be released by the Navy Board from jdi ir contracts, because they could employ their ships to so much moire advantage in the merchants feMce : btft these endyavoor had always been replied. *. T

The idea of introducing hoo ( e cauphnters lritothe‘ ock - yards, was specious and imposing j but he relieved it to be nearly

pciflkaWcj

A. 178 *. DEBATES.

practicable; for such were the rooted prejudices of the ship carpeiw tors, that they could not bear that persons not regularly bred their trofiness, Should be introduced to work among them to their own great injury, as they should by these means, find apprentices less fervioeable to themselves, because less wanted in such circum - stancea by government; and he believed, that so rooted wer+ thofer prejudices, that if the plan suggested of introducing house carpenters into the yards should be adopted, the lives of these men would not be in fafhty; and indeed, fbme regard ought to be paid even to the prejudices of men who continue constant in the publie yards < when they might find more advantage by working in the private ones. A plan had been carried into execution feme few years ago, from which great advantage might be derived : the Shipwrights were obliged to take a certain number of apprentices, and no more at a time, to instrud in their business : they were not permitted to take as many as they might wish for at first; but by degrees, they were allowed to take in more, ( o as that there should be always a con ft ant fupyly and succession of young men regularly trained up to the business.

Lord Hows said, that the honourable member, who had on h > rd Hew. Thnrfday made a motion against the Admiralty, could not possibly word a censure more severe against that board, than might h found in the face of the present estimates : here his Lordship went into a minute ’ detail of them, to prove his assertion. He then took a general view of the conduit of the board; and urged, that the navy could not have been work managed than it had been tinder the present commissicm : but still, if the First Commissioner should be removed in conference of a vote of censure patted by the House, he did not fee by whom he should be replaced. He asked if an honourable Admiral, io often alluded to, ( Keppel ) would accept of the ' office ? He asked if the noble Lord on the floor ( Mulgrave ) thought himself sufficiently qualified for the office ? It a word, he wifhea to know if Lord Sandwich should be removed to - morrow, who was the person who would willingly succeed 1dm; or who die person was, whom the House would recommend as a successor ? Would the noble Lord who had a feat at the Admi - yalty Board, and who Teemed to have the countenance of - the minister m that House would he take the command ? —A Lord of the Admiralty was now greater than an Admiral, and perhaps he might aspire to it. Having mentioned the difficulty of proi - curing a new arrangement, he urged the necetttty of union. He recommended to all parties to reflect on the fable of the old man’s legacy to his children—the bundle of twigs : if they would all unite for their country, he did not doubt but file would fount refantfc her wonted loftre and fa per tori ty in world. He blamed the Admiralty for dilatorraefs in budding their shipt; tit leaving them to rot in their frame#, Hkt the Royal Sovereign : at the fame timd, he said, that a Anp might be too raoti built find than he did nut Mievc the story of the French ship, that h been launched fri nmtyTfive day# after fyer keel had bee laid; he betfevdd the French officer might have told the hone rabid member ? # friend fd, but the natural levity and vivacity of a Frenchman/ and the great. -

desire he has to fufprme Grangers, and hopfreft them withiam idea Of the gre tntstand wstfc c$ France/ might have made Ihuofi -

' ' ' I i 1 C pitized by vjOO LC fic. CX

4 9

PARLIAMENTARY a. I ? if

ficer exaggerate a little in the instaace ailaded. to Hb mentioned the case of the Brilliant, which was a mere job. The ship was taken into commilCon by government, and was, he pnderttood, repairing in the King ' s yard.

Mr, Fc i fy. fox in reply to the noble Lord ' s question, whether ait Lon.

admiral, meaning an honourable relation of his, who was npt then present, would accept of the place of Lord Sandwich. laid, that he had no authority from that admiral to speak for him on. such an occasion; yet he believed he might venture tp say, that if {he tipie ( hoyld come when his hon relation coold accept such a place with honour to himself, he \vCmld not refuse it. A1 the same time he mad say, that if his hon. relation should be dihnclined to accept of that pod, the nation could not be at a loss for a nava ininifter, when the noble Lord who had jud spoken was in being, fie agreed with the noble Lord, that an union of all parties ( who had not contributed to the min of the empire ) might perhaps re ? dore this country to its wonted greatness j and he believed nothing could contribute more to create such an union, than the removal of Lord Sandwich; however, if such an event took place, be hoped " the House would never so far infringe yp. - n the jutt prerogative of the crown, as to point out to the King who was the mod he person to replace him : it was right it was precedented, it was conditur tional in that House, to remove bad miniders : it was the bufineA of the crown tp make choice of good ones to fycceed them. According to the notice he bad given them, he repeated that he would again mal > e the fame motion which had4 > een rejected in the com ? jmttee; but though it should be carried ( and from what he had seen since the lad division on the subject, he did not doubt but if would ) dill those who should vote for the censure, would not be pledged by that vote, to vote for an address to remove Lord Sandwich; that would be entirely a new qu eft ion; though, for his own part, he thought that pne vote must naturally lead to the other. — However, let tl e success be what it might, he certainly would re ? new his mption on Wednesday next in the House; and the decir don upon it, unlike that of the committee, should go down upon record to posterity.

Lord Mulgra < ve arose, observing, that he begged leave to reply gravt. to Something which fell from the noble Lord, ( Lord Howe ) in which he considered his conduit particularly centred. The noble Lord had censured him for aspiring. to be first Lord of /the Admiralty; bp did not know of any circumstance in his conduif which could authorise the noble Lord to impute to him fych ambition. Had he been infplent in his office ? Had he presumed of being a Commissioner of the Admiralty to aspire to be first Lord I He begged leave to advert to his conduit, wherein he hoped it would appear that he had afljerted nothing respecting Lord Hawke,. hot what became a captain of a man of war to say of ( b great ah admiral. But, in hi official capacity, he thought there was a i Mater freedqjp tq be allowed his sentiments of a superior proses - lonal officer, when considered officially. The noble Lord ( Lord Howe ) haft observed, in respect so Lord Hawke not having been great a naval minister as he was a naval commander, he thought it was in the nature of circumstances, in which he had adduced a reafoi; in prooL. of his not conceiving if poffibk for a man to hf

Digttized by Ic

4 9

A. 782. DEBATES,

so excellent in directing a machine, without being equally com potent to its arrangements. He should not controvert this. example with the noble Lord. He should only produce him some facts as instances of the truth of what he had asserted of Lord Hawke in a former debate. Admiral Anson and Torrington were known to be as great naval minilters as they were naval commanders; but Lord Anson and Lord Hawke wereinore able com *

• menders than they were rainiAers. In regard to speaking pro fefljonally in that House, as he had always thought it improper, he had always taken every care to avoid it. For Jthis r jason he considered the House not competent to judge of profeifional - investigations : they were only calculated to miuead the judgments of those whose opinions should be founded on a conviction of their propriety. But as none, except profession. il men, can undefAand proteflional difquisitions, the greater part of the House mull be ignorant of such debates. He would give an inltance; suppose a friend asked him, on a professional jjueAion debated between the noble Lord and himself, how he. was to give his vote ? He should certainly answer, agreeable to your judgment. To which his friend would undoubtedly reply, " but this is a question in which I have no judgment. ' In this case, he muA then, to answer properly, desire his friend to give his opinion in favour of the noble Lord ( Lord Howe ) as he. muA be supposed to have moA knowledge of the subject, from his foperior Aation and experience So that from theie evident consequences, he had avoided, and fliouhl always avoid, professional arguments.

In regard to the enquiry, he had to lament that it was not entered into on fuller and broader grounds than the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Fox ) ' Had proposed : for he, then, was allured that ample proof would have been given, that no fraud or imbecillity was the cause of pur diArefles.. An honourable gentleman ( Mrs Hufley ) had cenfurea him for now producing an account of twenty hips of the line being io readiness for next year’s service, when, in a former debate, he had declared the number to be only fourteen To this, he had oply to answer, that he Aated that num -

ber then as the present was Aated— - not in such a flattering point ' of view as might jpjflead the expectations of the House. He was always defirops of giving the quantity less than he had every reason 10 expert they Would be in reality. In the present number, he had Aated them from what ships there were in preparation, he Should have letdown the number at twenty - fieven inAead of twenty.

Colonel Barre arose to inform the House, that he npyer heard Col Barr/, such full and complete information of abuses laid before that House, as had been Aated by his honourable friend ( Mr. Hufley J and Mr. Holdlworth. Would they call thb declamation They had asked for information, and it had been granted to them. If such abuses were exiAing, as had been asserted to that House, was there not the greateA reason to heiieye that the present exicted f Not that he meant any reflection again A the Lords of the Admiralty before him. No ! fipy were not his qhje&f They were puny Lords, when compared tQ the obje§ he had ip his mind.

The noble Lord ( Lord JHulgraye ) had aflepd in a former debate upon this queAion, whether ships were to spring up like mud ) - ' popijj ? Why, the noble Lord, on the present day. ' had proved ' they

3 *

Imi

£ravt

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S *,

they do. There were fix of these mushroom shipa in the present estimates. He then observed that the honourable gentleman ( J. Luttrcllj had stated to the House, a comparison between oar navy Of 1762 and that of > 781. In this statement, he thought the companion hardly feir. For if the noble Lord in the blue ribbon could allure os of t peace, would he not consider it necessary to have an equal force in times of peace as on. the greatest emergencies in war ? Surely he would. As the enemy, being fully apprised of your power, would then more readily grant the terms which might be the object of your war. B ut in the peace of 1761, our ships were neceflfanly inferior to what they were in 1758, from the great exertions and services Of our fleet in several parts of the globe. So that to compare our flotation of 1781 with that of 1762, Was by no means impartial. He then read a comparative view of oar fleet in 1758 and 1781, from which it appeared we Were noW inferior. But, notwithstanding, he dkl not mean to letter the hands of government in this hour of necessity. He would not have the Hpufe understand him in such a light. All he meant was, that they would fee the necessity of a reformation of conduit, and an enquiry into those abuses of which they had been informed An amendment of such frauds were the object of his sentiments. It had been observed in respect to the iaie of condemned storts, that they were advertised. To this he dissented— they were not advertised—and he would explain in what manner they were not advertised. It was true, these articles were inserte in the public papers, ) > ut not with au intention for public sale. So that to consider the matter effectually, they were not advertised for public sale. It was only a form, which deluded the public of their Aibftance. What the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Holds - worth ) had, therefore stated to the House in so satisfactory a manner, he hoped would meet the serious attention of that board. Before the right honourable gentleman concluded, he observed that if any gentleman could farisfa&orily let the conduct of the •Navy Board in its proper point of view, it was the comptroller uf that board. Not that he had had any conference with him on the subject; for he had not seen him—to converse with him for jive and thirty years. However, he had such a confidence in his •ability, official knowledge, and character, that there was nothing he so much desired as to fee him examined at the bar of that •House. But of this he despaired. - He should, he fald, conclude with recommending it to the House to grant the supplies contained in the estimates then on the table; for though they woe enormous, yet in the present alarming state of things the supply mull be granted.

Lord Mulgravt arose, and laid a few words in reply. Observing that when enquiries of the present nature were entered into, it was the Cry of the other part of the House, that the ebjects of that enquiry would prpdupe only such witnessfes as, being dependent, were obliged to discover no secret of pftce that might tend to criminate the object of such an enquiry, ' I ' hey, therefore, objected have such witnessfes examined. And now the right hon. gentleman ( Col. Barre ) had exprdfed hie anxiety to have the eomptmfler of ( bat board ., examined at she ber, in respect to its fonAift.

Colon }

■ A. i j % z DEBATES *

Colonel Barr laid a few words in reply ., C « L B rr&

Sir William James explained the case of the Brilliant, so far as Sir IVUtiam lie was concerned. /

The several proportions were read, and the sums granted without any division.

Feb. 15. Adjourned; there not being a sufficient number of members to proceed to a ballot.

Feb. 16. Adjourned for the fame reaion.

Feb. 18. Mr. Montagu, agreeable to the notice he gave on Mr.

Thursday last, informed the House, that he had turned on his tdgu, mind the late fharaeful practice of presenting petitions complaining /of undue elections, and afterwards without the lead; notice to the House withdrawing them; as much injury might arise from continuance of such practice, he should, to prevent the like in future, and hinder the House from being sed, move that whenever a motion is made to withdraw a petition complaining of an undue election, that the con fide ration of the said motion be deferred until such future day as the House may appoint, provided at the same time, that not less than three days notice be given.

Sir M. W. Ridley was of opinion, that three days was by no Sir means sufficient notice, as gentlemen might be in the country, and not able to attend in the time; that the place he had the honour to reprefeat ( Newcastle ) was of such a distance, that eight days would v not be sufficient. He likewise hoped, the honourable gentleman drould not flop at that one motion, as there were many other part#

of Mr. Grenville’s bill that required amendment, particularly that of preventing frivolous and vexatious petitions, by making the parties that presented them liable to the cods; for although the petition against him had been by the indulgence of the House withdrawn, yet his door was surrounded by persons brought up at a vast expence from Newcaiile as witnesses, he not knowing, until the day the petition was withdrawn, that any thing of the kind was intended.

Mr. Montagu said, the reason of his making the present motion, Mr. Afar *, was only to prevent the House from being surprized whenever a£• motion to withdraw a petition for the future should come before them; they would be competent to defer such motion, as long as should appear to them necessary.

The motion was made a standing order of the House.

Sir Harbord Harbord, on the order of the day being read for Sjr£T rf tf

taking into consideration the reporton the Cricklade election, said, he looked upon it as his indispensable duty, as chairman of the committee that tried that election, to inform the House, there appeared mofl flagrant a&$ of bribery and corruption at the said election. That such abuses had been committed, as called loudly for the interference of parliament to prevent the like in future 5 lie therefore moved. That the report of the committee be then #ead, which was,

€ < That it appeared to the committee, that the most glaring acts of bribery bed been used at the Election for a member to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade in the county " ofj Wilts/ *

" That

43 PARLIAME NT ARV, Etc A. 17

Thu it appeared to the committee, that the abuses com - ' snitted in the said election called for the serious attention of Parliament. '

On that report, he said, he fhoald, with the permission of the House, beg leave to bring in a bill to prevent bribery and corruption at any ensuing election in the borough of Cricklade. which being granted, he next moved, that no writ be ilTaed for the borough,. ofXricklade before that day two months; the reason for not i/Tuing

a writ, he said, was to give sufficient time to enquire into, and adopt the proper measures for preventing any like abuses. That, the electors of that borough were corrupt beyond most others, was to be seen, as out of 240 voters, which the borough conliited of S3 had already been convicted of bribery, and there were actions laid again ! ! 43 others on the fame head.

All Lord Althorpe said, he could not, as one of the members of the committee on that election, fit without giving his assent to ' the motion of his honourable friend; and to declare to the House, that he never knew such flagrant abuses, as appeared to have been transacted in that election.

The Speaker now left the chair, and the House resolved into a committee, on the bill for the better regulating the militia of this kingdom. —Moll of the members quitting the House,

Sir Edward Sir Edward Act ley said, he was ashamed to see the public business, and that of the first consequence, so ( lightly attended to He then made a few objections to some clauses of the bill, and after a short conversaticm between him and the Secretary at war, the Speaker resumed the chair, and the House adjourned.

END or the FIFTH VOLUME.

