THE

Parliamentary Register;

OR,

HISTORY

OF THE

PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

VOLUME II.

•ts

THE

Parliamentary Register

OR,

HISTORY

or Tin

PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES

O P T HI

HOUSE OF COMMONS;

containing Air account of

The most interesting Speeches and Motions; accurate Copies of the mod remarkable Letters and Papeas of die moil material Evidence, Petitions, laid before and offered to the House,

> VIIN8 TUB

First Session of the Fifteenth Parliament 1

O F

GREAT BRITAIN.

VOL. II.

LONDON:

Printed for J. Driritt; ( SuccdTor to Mr. Aimok ) opposite

BoRLINGTON - HoCII, PtCCAMUY.. MDOCUCXXI.

NS

CO NT E N T S

OR THE

SECOND VOLUME.

DEBATE on the second reading of the Bill for regulating the Civil List Revenue, &c. - - I

Third Report of the Com - niifioners appointed to examine the public Accounts

. 49

Appendix - 59

Account of the Balances in the Hands of the late Treasurers of the Navy - 60

Examination of George S waf - field, Esq. Caftiierof the Victualling - ' 62, 64

——of Andrew Douglas, Esq. Paymaster to the Treasurer of the Navy - 65

— of Adam Jteilicoe, Chief Clerk to the Pay - ’ matter - 65, 66, 67

' of Mr. Francis cCooke, Ledger Writer Account of the several Balan - ~ ces remaining in the Hands of the late Treasurers of the Navy - 68

■ of the Time when the last Ship’s Book was made

up in the Treaforerlhipsof Mr. Grenville, Lord Bar -. rington and Lord Howe 69 State of the late Right Hon.

G. Greitville’s balance ib. Account of Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Lord Viscount. Barrington - — ditto Lord Howe 70

- - - - - — ditto Sir G. Elliot ib

Examination of the Right Honourable Earl Temple 71

- - - - - of the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Barrington - - - ib.

—1 ' of the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Howe ib.

— ' of Sir G. Elliot 72 State of the Right Honourable W. Ellis’s Account ib. Examination of the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis, Treasurer of the Navy. - - 76

■ of Timothy Brett, ' - Esq.

4 3

Vi

CONTENT S.

Esq. Commissioner of the Navy - ' 79

— - - - of John Slade, Esq.

' Commissioner of the Victualling Office# ' - ' 80 r— 1 of John. Bell, Esq. Commi ( hone r of the Sick and Hurt Office - 81

Account of Monies certified by the Treasuret ofth Na - vy to be received OH of the Exchequer; also, the Monies certified to be paid between the ift and 31st of August, 1780

State of the Balance in the Hands of the Right Hon. Welbore ElHs, as Treasurer of the Nlvy, Augdi 31, 1780 - 86 *

- -.. of the Right Honoura -

ble Welbore Ellis’s Account, as Treasurer of the Navy for September 1780 ~ 88

A. < Tco nfcof the total Sums received and paid : by the Treasurer of the Navy, from January 1,. 1779, to Aug 3V y8o/ v - 94

- - - - - of public Money if -

sued froan the ? ' Receipt of the Exchequer by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, from J ' an. i, i ftptoSept. 30 1780

Debate on the third Reading of the BiR to appoint a Commission of the Peace. t afiin Cafes of Riots 95 - r— - on the Report of the, Committee on the Bridge % Winter Election « 96

Debate on the Bill for a better Regulation of Ballot - ting fotfhcMilitia -, 97 — ? - - - on the better Regulation of the Police of Westminster 98

Account of Extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right Honourable Richard Rjgby, Paymaster GeoeisA of hk Majesty’s Forces, between Jan. 31, 1780, and Feb. 1, 1701, not provided for by Parliament - 1 icy

——of the Distribution of 900 000 !. granted to his Majesty on Account of Military or Ordnance Ser - - vice p - 178

Debate on opening the Budget - - 179

- v— - - on the Commencement of the Bill for excluding - ContFa&ors from fitting in the House of Commons, except, when their Contracts are publicly difppfed of to the best Bidder

— on the second ReaditlR of Mr *. - Crewe’s Bill to re -

" ft ra in Revenue Officers from voting at Elections for " Members of Parliament

.. 94

— on Mr. Minch in ’ ? Mp - '

• tionsrespecting the present

State of the Navy - 297"

— on a Petition from a

Number of Innholders bf England, respecting the DflMbution of thelVxilifary

4 Debate

▼It

CONTENTS.

Debate on Sir George Savile’s Motion relative to the Distribution of the Loan 320 Fourth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and Rate the Public Accounts of the Kingdom - 371

Appendix, No. 1 376

No. 2. An Account of the

Balances in the Hands of the late Paymasters General - - 378

No. 3. Examination of John Powell, Esq. - ib. No. 4. - « of Charles Bembridge, Esq. 313 - - - of John Lloyd,

No. 5.

Esq. No. 6.

Esq. No. 7

of John Bray,

- 3 4

- of the Hon. Charles James Fox 385 No. 8. — of the Right Hon. Caroline Baroness Greenwich - 386

No. 9. — of the Right Hon. Lord North ib. No. 10. — of the Right Hon. Thomas Townshend ib.

No. 11. of John George Cooke, Esq. 387 No. 12. - of Charles

Mdloy, E ( q. ib.

No. 13. Letter from John

Bray, Esq to the Commit sioners of Public Accounts 388

No. 14. Account of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the late Lord Holland

No. 15. - — - - - of the

lance remaining in the Hands of the Right Hon. Charles Townshend 390 No. 16. —— of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right Hon. Lord North. and George Cooke, Esq. 391

No. 17. —. .. .. of the Ba -

lance remaining in the Hands of George Cooke and the Right Hon. Thomas Townshend ' 392

No. 18. Calculation of the Interest upon the annual Balances in the Hands of the late Paymasters General of #the Forces 393

No. 19. Account of the public Money issued to sundry Paymasters General 594 Report from the Committee to whom were referred several Petitions relative to the Concerns of the British Subjects residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Ba - har, and Oriffa. 395

, T H M•

H I S T O R Y

OF THE

Proceedings and Debates

Of the FIRST SESSION of the

HOUSE of G O M M O N S *

© F T H E

Fifteenth Parliament of Chetu Britain *

February a6.

> npHE order of the day being read for the iecond reading of •i the bill, for the better regulation of his Majesty’s civil Hit revenue, and for aboli filing several useless, expen five and inconvenient places, and for applying the monies drifing therefrom to the public service;

. Mr. Burke desired that the Journals of the 6th of April Mr B rh 1780, containing the reiblutions of the House, that the influence of the crown had encreased and ought to be diminished, might be read; they accordingly werefo. He rose again and laid, he should not offer any more arguments then in support of the motion, having trespassed so Tong on the attention of the House very recently on the fame fabject. He would con tent himself with only remarking, that if there should appear in the bill, on its being read, any little inaccuracies, not im mediately defeating its general scope and tendency such im - perfections ought not to be adduced in argument against its commitment, for in the committee every requisite correction woukl be admitted One of these obviously was a clause for reducing the board of green cloth, and executing the dependent offices by contract, which being given up on all Tides last year, should have been struck out of the bill, but had remained in it through inadvertency. This he should readily agree to alter in the committee, and therefore hoped no gentleman would build an objection upon it. If the general principle of the bill Was concurred in, every difficulty would instantly vanish. '

Vol. IL B Ihe

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The question for the second reading being put, j \

Mr. De Mr. De Grey rose £nd intreated the indulgence of the Hoefd Cr. y\ for a few minutes; that ’ he might offer his objections to the bill before them.. This was the proper stage since his objections lay chiefly again# the principle of the bill. Hp begged to be undedlood to mean no difrefpedfc to the honourable author of the business. There was no man in the House that more sincerely reverenced the abilities Qf that gentleman than himself; but in the confederation of a great national question, he trustedhe should be forgiven forpreferringdutySo ef eei and for offering with humility his objections to a bill ' evert introduced by that gentleman. He viewed it as a bill the principle of which, would be more injurious than the object would be beneficial. r If ceconomy was jfie only purpose of the bill, it would bt impertinent in him or any man, to say a word against it. The necessity was evident; at all times it was useful and proper, but in the present situation of this country, involved in a raoft expensive and calamitous war, it feras peculiarly and eflenrtially necessary t. but ( economy not to be purchased at the expence of principle; it was not to be procured by the violation of sacred rights; he mvft mat commit outrage to find resource, nor destroy the constitution to save the country. It was on this ground that he muftop it; he disapproved of the means by which the end ' was to be procured. The bill pointed out and connected the objects of the reform, as well as the manner of carrying the plan into execution, fb far as the plan extended; the whole system therefore was. before the House, and being enabled to compare the principle with the object, the means with the ’ end, he said, he must object to it, for the one was charged with much more injury, than the other could be productive of benefit. The bill coupled two objects, which in his opinion ought to have been kept Separate and diflinCfc, the resumption < of a part of the civil list, and the regulation of the public office With regard to the first of these objects, it was with the ut > most delicacy that he should presume to speak of it, because he thought that nothing but the last stage of political necessity could justify the House in applying to a remedy so secretL - That the House was competent to enquire into, and correct ull abuses in the public expenditure, and in the mahagen&ent of the money granted by Parliament for the services of the state, was beyond a doubt. It was an inherent, fundamental. right, veiled t > y the constitution in the legislature. But that the civil list revenue was to be ranked under thathead, and to ' hUSncluded under the fanle power, was a question which yet

remained

X

A. - i ? 8u Rr jE; B - - A, ‘T E - S % -

remained to be tried : a question on which he trailed the Jfjtoufe would riot he over anxious to determine. The civil list revenue of the crown was granted by Parliament in the moil solemn and substantial form, and granted at the same time for purposes constitutional and necessary. To resume that grant could not be done, in his opinion, without the violation of a solemn engagement an engagement which had been made with the best of motives, after the most serious deliberation, The House had not at any time interfered with the privy purse. Even the secret committee of 1 41 had held it sacred. The a < Sl for establishing the King’s civil list passed in the first year of every reign, and was granted to him for life; it freely and unanimously gave him 8oo, ooool. and ftnce the last act passed, it had been increased by a grant of

ioo, oooo1. a year, also given for life. Such was the bargain made with his Majesty in lieu of the crown lands. The fi time to have agitated such a question as the present was, when this additional sum was deftred; but while the words4 for life flood in these acts, he should never qonfider the civil list in any other point of view, than that of sacred private property $ as much so as the estate of any private gentleman. "A penfior bill had been proposed to the House and rejected, because if fended to break the engagements of Parliament; because it tended to resume that which had been granted, under solemn faith, for a certain time. After a father, fays the honourable gentleman has made an establishment for his son, would he, if Rethought his son kept too many servants, take upon him to discharge some of them and apply their wages in another roannei ? ourely, he would not, especially if he had laiely encreased the establishment. He would have talked about retrenchment when the request for more was made. The dignity of the crown was connected with the independent dence; but by the resumption of this grant, the Parliament ' rendered the crown dependent upon that House; a situation at once humiliating and hnconstitutional. The object of resumption should at least be adequate to the injury; but in this case it was not so. The saving proposed by the reduction of offices and of places was immaterial, when considered as a public object, and when compared with the expenditure and the necessities of the state. At a time when we were obliged, by political necessities, to go into great, and indeed enormous expences, it was a trifling consideration, that by the reduction of a great number of places and pensions a saving should be made of 200, ooool. a year. And that for this rea - ( on we must violate the property of individuals which had

B 2 been

PARLIAMENTARY A. \jhf

been tendered sacred by the acts of Parliament, and considered by themselves and by the world, as secure and permanent as freehold estates. VVnen pensions or places were bellowed on individuals as rewards for meritorious services, or tributes due to extraordinary talents; he mull consider them as sacred property, not incident to resumption; nor within the con - troul or Parliament; until they had first declared and provided by a special statute, that their grants of places and pensions for life meant to continue in fqrce no longer than the parliament Should please. It was a resumption which the House could pot make either with right, with decency or justice. The influence of the crown was spoken of, as too formidable for the liberties of the people. This was said without being proved. No arguments were advanced to prove the existence or the increase of this alarm ing influence : but surely gentlemen would remember that a sum very littl inferior to that with which the crown was invested at the time; of the Resolution, and which no doubt, after the most mature deliberation, was esteemed to be no more than equal to the power of prerogative which had been abolished, Seven hun Sred thousand pounds was granted at that time, and at two dif - r ferent periods since, that House and Parliament had recognir zed the grant, and added two hundred thousand pounds to the Original funv This was confirming the idea of the independence of the crown, and it took away, in his humble opinion, the power of resumption For it was not a question of por wer, nor of right, but a question of propriety. The House Were to enquire whether the obje£l was adequate to the end j whether the resumption was a thing which would produce vaT luable retrenchments, without giving a shock to the constitu - tion; whether the diminution of the respect, the grandeur and the pomp of the sovereign, was not an injury to the nation much lpore material, than the revenue which could poflfibly arise from such a measure. After these considerations he was convinced they would find that it would be inconsistent with, propriety, ana consequently with prudence $ he said with ju ? ft ice, also for another reason; and that was, that the public had been gainers by the bargain which they had made with the crown, to the amount of more than ioo ', ooool. a year. He here quoted a page in the Journals of 1777 where it appeared from a paper presented at that time, that exclusive of the

500, 0001. voted in 1769, there was then a balance on the bargain in favour of the public of i, 8oo, ooool.

He commended the bill for not intending to resume the exr chequer offices during the lives of those in possession or rever -

I fion *

x

L.

A. ifir, DEBATE

fion : he said, those advantages were enjoyed by the fantfHea who held them, as the rewards for the labour and services of their ancestors, and they operated as a stimulus to the ambU tion, the honest ambition of their successors.

Here he mentioned the Dube of Richmond ' s grant, and the declaration made by a member of Parliament ra King WiU liam’s time, " that he wifted to make the King a freeholder as well as himself. "

Having fUted both, he went on to observ, that wFth re gard to fectet service money, it had always been a delicate question, and that the Journals afforded various precedents, whence it appeared", that when the House actually addreffei the crown for an account of the application of secret service money, it was absolutely refused, the crown declaring, that to comply With such a requisition, would not be for the public benefit; an answer that had always been acquiefccd in He put the case, supposing that the exchange had not taken place, and that the King enjoyed his grandfather’s revenues; Would the House have alienated them, and which of them } Some were of very ancient date; and several were exchanged in Charles the Second’s time for divers prerogatives given up by that monarch. If the principle were at once admitted, he contended, that the crown would have no independence left. Judge Blackstone had observed, That every Prince, in the nrft Parliament after his acccffion, has by long usage, a truly royal addition to his hereditary revenue settled upon him for his life, and has never any occasion to apply to parliament for supplies, but upon some public necessity of jthe whole realm. This restores to him that constitutional independence, which, at his first accession, seems, it must be owned, to be wanting. "

Supposing the bill to have passed, to what a state would his Majesty have been reduced ! for it would not be merely the royal assent, but the precedent was the matter of difficulty, So that the King must either refuse his assent, ( and if this bill, pr any like it, passed both Houses, he hoped that would not bue the case, ) or he must give up an independent life - rent for a precarious establishment, liable to be dimi - bished or revoked by future Parliaments, just as their caprice directed. The honourable gentleman who brought in the bill, he observed, had complimented die King of France on his ( Economy; he begged the House to consider that the civil list in France, and the civil list in England, were so extremely different, ' that no true companion could be made;

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

but even if it could, he trusted gentlemen would consider the, whole of the French King’s conduct; that they would oppoTe his unjust war to his oeconomical reform; and upon the balance, he believed it would be found that the advantage did not preponderate so greatly in favour of France, as to alarm us. Bad faith, he laid ? was always bad policy, and he had no doubt but the greater evil of the war would swallow up the lefier good or the oeconomical retrenchments, whion would go but a little, way indeed towards carrying it on. We pught not to take our ideas of retrenchment, and of qeconot my, from the example of France, Their constitution, and their revenue, was so different from ours, that there it might at once be politic and prudent. A considerable saving might be made, and oeconotny might contribute to patch up the injustice of the war in which they were engaged. The ceco - nomy and the retrenchments which had been made by the ministers of France might do something to the fame and the glory of the reign; but it could not purge away, nojr compemate for. the injustice of the war, for which the retrenchments were made. What was politic and prudent in France, might be the contrary in England, and it was so in this instance; it was improper to take from the dignity of a British King, because the dignity of the cfown was connected with the dignity and the opulence of the nation At the same time he declared that Great Britain had better prospects, and a more reasonable ground of exultation; every attack that had been made on the crown, and bn the legislative authority Qf Parliament, had been repelled, and he hoped every man, both within those walls and without, would ever hold it iq his mind, that this war was not begun to support the power of the crown, but because the crown refused to accept the allegiance offered it, independent of the legislative authority of Parliament. He hoped also, that it would be universally temembered, that the constitutional liberty of the subject had always been anxiously and religiously adhered to at home, and the law of nations, and the faith of treaties, uniformly observed towards foreign powers. He reverted to what he had said in the outset, that the bill contained two objects incompatible with each other. If it related merely to the regulation of the public offices, it would be in his opinion proper and right for the House to permit the bill to go into the committee; where alterations of the obje&ionab e parts might be made, as mentioned by the honourable mover of it; but at it also contained a principle of resumption derogatory to the ‘ honour

le

Al i7$f ft E B A T E S.

honour of the crown, and which was both hard and unjust he inuft object to it in this stage.

• He made a few short observations on the various objects of &e various clauses of the bill, and said, as the principle was then the proper subject of difcusflion, he did not coafider himself at liberty to go into them much at present; he hoped, however, as they mounted to a degradation of royalty, the House would never submit to them. He concluded, with saying, that as the bill was unjust in its principle, he was dear it would be impradicable in its execution, and therefore he should vote against the second reading.

The Honourable John Tvwnflxnd rose in answer to Mr. Tb « Hon. De Grey, and said, he should give his most hearty fopport ? - to a bill that had for its object consequences of such great " national importance as the saving of public money, the applications of that saving to the use of the public, and a reduction of the increased and increasing influence of the crown.

But though these were great objects, the bill had another, ifpoflible, still more efferitial object in view. For when the bill had received the royal assent ( and to suppose it would not receive it on the grounds of public distress would be highly indecent ) it would prove to that House and to the world that the crown really feels for the distresses of the kingdom; that it is unwilling to avail itself of too liberal an augmentation of revenue; that it is desirous to remit to distress what may be supposed to have flowed from prosperityj

It would be the bond to canned together more firmly the affections of his Majesty and his ] people. It would prove that we have all onecommon union, one common happiness, and 6ne common fortune. That his Majesty cannot wish to plunge the country into wars contrary to its interest, since the crown means to fink its own revenue in proportion to the diminution of the property of the subject. He observed that Mr - Grey had objected to the bill on the principle of its being a resumption on the crown. Mr. Townshend said, he should speak upon this ground with peculiar diffidence, bccause it belonged only tQ persons of much superior know -, ledge to himself to speak upon it with confidence; but he had always understood that Parliamentary resumptions were no new proceedings. Undoubtedly it was an ungracious. taik; it was irksome and painful in that House to be obliged to re/brt to the revenue of the crown for assistance even in a time of extreme need. But though it was painful, it was proper. It was strictly conformable not only to the inherent

A tvirtnw

virtue

8

PARLIAMENTARY A

Virtue afad authority of the House, but also to the example df precedent and custom.. Resumptions had been common and frequent in former periods of our history From the time of Henry VI to Heilry VIIL not a reign passed without parliamentary resumptions, and these were not merely resumptions of grants made by preceding Sovereigns, bpt of grants made by the King himself for the time being In the heigh of Henry VIII an act of Parliament passed so the abolition of sundry peedless offices and unnecessary pen - lions, and the ground of it was very remarkable, —it was to enable his Majesty to defray his charges in maintaining hit expensive war agatnji out ancient Enemies the

He was well aware, he said, of objections that might b < f made to the instances he alluded to upon this principle, that these resumptions of different Parliaments were not of grants made by themselves, but that in such cases they acted as arbitrators, in a manner, between the crown and the subject : whereas in the present in fiance it might be said in contradi - ftinftion, that Parliament resumes upon its own grant, de - « /eats its own aft, and violates its own contract. But if this reasoning be admitted, on what principle are any of the fprmer resumptions to be justified ? for when the crown passed the acts above - mentioned, did not the crown then defeat its own grant, and aft in violation of its own contract ? But in general what were the causes of those resumptions ? Why, public distress and public calamity. In some few in fiances he allowed the impropriety of the grants themselves might have been the occasion of resuming therm Nor indeed would he deny the force of such an argument applied to the present occasion. But in general the distresses of the country were the foundation of these resumptions And could any one assert that the crowh could formerly, In its legislative capacity, on these grounds, resume upon the subject to whom it had made a grant, but that the Parliament, in the famS legislative capacity, and on the fame grounds, cannot resumd upon the crown, which is the grantee of Parliament ? What Was Parliament used to say on former occasions to the sub - jest ? It said, " It is very true the crown has made you this grant; we acknowledge it to be your own private, diflin ' ft, separate property $ and we are very sorry to be obliged to con - cur with the crown in the necessity it is under of defeating its own aft. But the exigencies of the {fate require that you should not be enriched with that wealth which would relieve the distresses of the country " If this was justice in the

crawa

v

A rflu DEBATES#

crown towards the fobjeft, why might not Parliament now say also to the crown, "It is true we have made this grant for you 5 we wished to place you in a state of magnificence and splendour; we wished to shew every mark of our affeftioa for your royal person, and of respect for your Situation; but the condition of the country is different from what it was when we made the grant; we were not then engaged in war with four powerful enemies, we were not ( ben pressed under that load of debt which now overwhelms us; and if on the grounds of public universal drftrefs, we now desire a resignation on yOur part, we muff be no more considered as violators of our grants to you, than your predecessors were of their grants to their subjects. " Public distress was the unhappy apology of both proceedings; and will any one contend that such a cause would uphold the propriety of a general resump - tion of the whole estates of numbers of subjects, and that it ( fill not supporfe the justice of a mere partial resumption of only a part of the revenue granted to the crown ? With respe&f to the hardship of the case, which Mr. De Grey had infiftod upon, Mr. Townshend asked, if the prefTure was not much heavier in the case of the subject, than in that of the crown. The subject gave no assent to the act, but an implied virtual consent by representation; whereas the crown in its own person, in its own right, and by its own voice, seals and confirms its approbation of the act. Volenti non fit. If

becomes then a voluntary resignation of part of that gift to those persons who, on their part, as voluntarily conferred it who conferred it with liberality, who expect the resignation of it with regret, but who are compelled to require it by the urgent demands of necessity. It was undoubtedly an hardship, but it was an hardship on the people, devoted as they, were to the family ort the throne, and anxious for the grandeur of the Sovereign, to be obliged to request the crown to contribute to the emergencies of the state. At the fame timtf it ought to be remembered, that if they were put to the severe necessity of applying to the crown for participation and retrenchment, it tVas a talk imposed upon them by the mini - fters of this country whose misconduct and extravagance had reduced us to the situations that rendered ceconomy necessary. It was from these ministers th t the application had sprung, who madly involved us in impolitic wars, firflr with our own ftibjefts and afterwards with the half of Europe.

Mr. Townshend having established the principle of the bill, next animadverted upon Mr De Grey’s observations respect - Voi, II, C ing

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

ing the smallness of thefaving proposed, and the fin proper tendency of the bill.

With respect to the first observation, he contended that the saving of nearly two hundred thousand pounds was by no means an inconsiderable object. The argument of the honourable gentleman who spoke last was curious indeed— considering the many millions that had been and were yet to be expended, such a saving as this was too trifling to deserve the notice of Parliament. It is confefied that we are steeped up to the very lips in poverty, but oeconomy is not the way to relieve us. How then are we to be relieved ? Is the country to recruit itself by parliamentary inattention, and is it to be restored to its health and vigour by an obstinate perfiftance in the prodigality of expence ? But Mr. Townshend said, it was not the mere saving proposed that recommended the bill to his support. Another object of it ( which the hon. gentle - man had argued to be an improper one ) had still greater weight with him; he meant the reduction of the influence of the crown. He would not weary the patience of the House by any attempt to prove the existence of improper influence. ! The Journals of the House had recorded the fa&, and if they had not done so, yet every serious mind now yielded an hone A confession of the truth of it. Theincrease of influence had been before acknowledged by persons whose profession perhaps did not lead them to be extremely hostile to its exertions. The honourable gentleman had quoted an observation of Judge Blackstone ' s; but did he not remember that 700, 000 ! had been stated by Sir William Blackstone as an ample provision for the crown. His language on this subject is, c That much indeed is given up by the crown, but much also is acquired by it. That the stern commands of prerogative have yielded at length to the milder voice of influence. " Perhaps Sir W. Blackstone would not have thought that 65, 000 ! per annum added to the crown by late deceases in the royal family, and an additional grant of ioo, ooool. per annum would render this mild voice of influence less en - and persuasive.

went on to observe that objections had been made to the bill, because it did not adopt the proper constitutional method of proceeding in cases of misapplication of the civil list, which method used to be by parliamentary impeachments. But he argued that nothing could be so nugatory as a parliamentary i, mpeachtnent, when perhaps the very tribunal before which the cause was to be brought, had been tainted with the malignity of its infection : when the majority, of those who carry on the prosecution are supposed to have been the objects of the guilt of the criminal, the partners and ac -

4

complices

A 1781 ' DEBATES.

complices in his crimes. He said, that the bill meant to destroy the evil at once, by Tapping the very foundations of it. That it was one of those evils which demanded prevention, otherwise it would be in vain to think afterwards of the mode of punishing the criminal—" Cater a malcficia turn perfequare " tebi faSa sunt \ hoc vero nisi provider is ne accidat,

" frustra judicium implores

, But besides, he said, there was another consideration, which ought to have material influence on their minds—the duties under which they lay as representatives of the people : fuf - picions had gone abroad of the virtue of that House, and the nation were loud in their clamours. It was said that they were Ihamefully corrupt; that they were the creatures of the minister; and instead of being the constitutional guardians of the people, were their woiifc enemies. That they were at once the creators and the creatures of influence. The House of Cofrmons were pernicious, when they flood between the crown and the people, hiding and encouraging the attacks on the constitution. Such suspicions had gone abroad; he could not say with what truth. Perhaps it might, be proper in some instances to curb and punish popular licence; but at the same time it was exceedingly becoming the House of Commons, and every national assembly, to attend to the suspicions that were formed, and endeavour to crush them, by removing the cause. It was necessary to their reputation that they should on that night assert the right, and the duty of Parliament, and convince their constituents, that their suspicions were premature. It was their duty to set a virtuous and an honourable example of retrenchment, by which public spirit would be fortified, and the nation united in one common idea of common interest. It was their duty to point out this conduift to their Sovereign, since it was nc - ceflaTy to the true dignity and the true grandeur of his subjects, that he should teach by example how to sacrifice private enjoyments to public \yelfare—to shew them that he took an hiterest in their fufFerings, and called upon them for no exertion to which he was not anxious to contribute. That he would participate in their fufFerings, as well as in their fuc - eels. Such conduct would be the means of general conciliation—it would restore character to Parliament—and would unite a Sovereign with his subjects. And such condu£l it was their duty and their interest to adopt. It was well known, that great obloquy bad been cast against the honour of that House. if these were false imputations, this was the moment to re -

C 3 futc

i PARLIAMENTARY A. ifSr *

sute the malignity of such calumny, and to vindicate their loft reputation.

He reminded the House of an exemplary instance in Roman history. When Verres was brought to trial by his accusers, the judges ( who were of senatorial order ) were supposed to be so corrupt, that the people wi ( bed to have the jurisdiction transferred into other hands. The friends of liberty despair -, ed of his condemnation, and his own party considered his acquittal as certain. The judges, however, roused by such imputations, proceeded to try the criminal with the impartiality which their situation required, and with that fcrupu - lous attention which the importance of the charge naturally excited. They saw his guilt, and they punished it with ba - nishment.

"There is now before you, said Mr. Towshend, a criminal much more flagitious and baneful than Verres. Of his guilt you must be fully satisfied; and if you have any regard for the dignity of your own honour, if you have any ambition to emulate those, who, by a Angle act of determined integrity, redeemed the loft character of their orcler, you will inflict the punishment due to the criminal before you, by ifcntencing him, in like manner, to perpetual banishment.

The hon. The honodrable Mi4. Percival disapproved of the bill, as im - Mr. Perci proper to be supported in principle. He thought it highly a unbecoming, and not only so, but unjust, in that House to attempt to ieize on the civil list revenue of the crown, and reduce the Sovereign to a state of humiliating dependency. He denied that the people were for the bill, or the measure. Their rejection of its authors at the last general return of Parliament, Was to him a proof of their disinclination to the plan proposed. He was perfectly convinced that the attempt was unjust, as well as ungracious; that it derogated from the re - lpe& and dignity of the crown; and was a measure which betrayed the weakness more than the policy of the country. He would not have given his consent \o the resolut ABiob which flood on the Journals of the 6th of April 1780, because he conceived that such a proposition was unfounded. The present bill contained principles opposite to the just rights and privileges of the House, He denied the truth of the afier - tions that had been made, that the present Parliament was bound by the reloiutions of the last. He, as a member of the new Parliament, saw no re a ( on to hold himself bound by reloiutions to which he did not consent when they passed. He said it was a measure to which he would never consent, to

outrage

JL iy8x « D £ 6 A 1 £ S tj

outrage the Sovereign with a requHition of his fortune. If retrenchments were to be made in the royal houshold, they ought to be left to the voluntary surrender of the crown. We ought not to prevent the exercise of royal benevolence. It was at once ungracious and improper to enter into the royal apartments and new - mod el the managements of his state.

The civil list revenue had been granted by Parliament for an adequate confederation, and upon an honourable and advantageous bargain. To resume it would be a breach of fidelity, as well as a flagrant attack upon the dignity and the rank of the crown.

Mr. Powys contended warmly for the right inherent in the Mr. F ' yu Houft : to check and controul the public expenditure; and for the benefit of the plan proposed in the bill before the House. Hetrufted that it would go into a committee, in order that it might receive the serious investigation of the House, and that such parts as were objectionable, might be dHapproved of, and the remainder be carried into execution.

He ' called upon the House to remember the resolutions of the 6th of April last. Nothing had been done in consequenceof these resolutions, and they remained upon the Journals as monitors to the present Parliament of their duty, or as monuments of their disgrace. v

He very strenuously supported the resolutions, and said they were the pledges given to the people by the last Parliament, that their petitions should meet with due attention, and that the grievances complained of should be redressed.

The bill, then under consideration, was founded on the petitions of the people, and went immediately to one of their great requisitions—the desire of reformation and ceconomy—

So perfectly conscious of this was the last Parliament, th3t no gentleman had then ventured to oppose the bill on its second reading; all fidcs of the House, as well the noble lord in the blue ribbon and his friends, as those who acted % with the honourable gentleman near him, admitting the principle of the bill in its fullest extent. To what, then, was the present opposition in that stage to be aferibed ? Had any thing. happened since to induce gentlemen to change their opinions ? What resolutions in the political hemisphere had induced such an alteration ? Did gentlemen imagine that « ceconomy was less necessary, or that the nation was more affluent, in consequence of a war with Holland, our old ally

Was that the fad ? or had the profpeCf of a war with all the northern powers occasioned such a sudden influx of wealth, that extravagance was not so criminal now, as it appeared to

be

4

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1781 ;

be last year ? The people without doors, the people of England, thought otherwise. That it was the sense of the majority of the people, that the bill should pass, he was as sure as he was of his exigence, to what then was the present resistance to be aferibed

He trusted that it would not be found that the old members had been adluated to their conduct by the approach of the diflblution; and that the young members would not so soon commit a public breach of the trust and confidence which they had met with from the people of England, as to oppose this bill in its principle. He asserted that the people of England had not changed their fentimerits, though the mover of the bill was not intrenched with their petitions; but they had infused the spirit of them into the Journals. He said that that, House had abandoned fortune, and embraced a cloud $ they bad forsook the substance and the body of relief, and had taken a shadow and an empty name. In this he alluded to the commission of accounts. Which he treated as a mere whim, ridiculous and absurd. lari Nu Earl Nugent declared himself a warm and zealous friend to genu publick oeconomy. Without it, he was persuaded, this nation could not be saved; oeconomy, in our public expenditure, was as peceflary as firmness and wisdom in our councils, as valour and conduct in our expeditions and enterprizes. But it did not followeither that he ought to, much less that the House ilhould, embrace every ceconomical project that was offered, however plausibly introduced, however respectable the quarter from which it came. No man in that House, his lordship said, entertained a greater degree of esteem for the honourable gentleman who introduced the present bill, than he did; he knew his integrity, and he had seen many proofs of his zeal to serve his country; great therefore as his abilities were, they were not, he was convinced, superior to his virtue. The honourable gentleman, however, must pardon him, if he did not agree with him entirely as to his bill. In sincerity he would say, he disapproved of it totally, and he would tell the honourable gentleman, why he did so. The title of the bill was a good one; It was called 44 A bill for the better regulation of his Majesty’s civil establishments, and of certain public offices. " The preamble also had something catching in it, but what was the object of the bill itself ? —i ' o introduce an unconstitutional innovation; and to resume from the crown what had been solemnly granted to his Majesty for life. To such a proposition he never would consent, notwithstanding vvaat had been said of the resolution

of

A. 1781; DEBATES *

of thc6th of April, which declared the competency of the House tocorre£l and examine abuses in the expenditure of the civil list revenues. That refolitfion parted, as gentlemen well knew, at an hour when such was the temper of the House that it would have been madness to have opposed it. It did not follow therefore, that every gentleman approved of it He never had, nor could - he think that fallowing that reflation all the respe&dqe to an entry on the Journals ) it followed of course, that the present bill ought to be adopted. - Whar,

! would that House consent to degrade the Sovereign, diminiOi

| the lurtre of the crown, and reduce his Majesty to a worse fi -

[ tuation than that of any private gentleman in his kingdom

| Would they deprive him of the management of his income,

and put him into therttuation of a minor, by obliging him to I submit to the tutelage of Parliament ? The bill interfered with

j the privy purse, and took away the independency of the crown : to admit it to pass, would be to reduce his Majesty to ! the condition of a mere titular monarch; a king without

! power, a king but in name, like the king of Poland, or a so -

' vereign like the doge of Venice, altogether dependent on

others, and subject to their capricious controul. Let gentlemen consider, that such a measure would essentially wound and injure the constitution j for each branch of the legislature, each of the three states, ought to have its share of independency, and surely the first state, that which was clothed with the supreme executive power, should never be rendered left glorious, left independent, than the other two. The real beauty and excellence of our constitution, so much admired and envied, was its nice equipoise, that equal ba lance, which gave it liability, and at once secured the crown in its legal rights, and the people in their freedom and immunities. ' The present bill went directly to move the balance and destroy the equipoize; let the House therefore,

\ however much they might be convinced that some of the 1 branches were rotten, take care in their attempt to remove the dead wood, that they did not destroy the trunk of the tree itself. The honourable gentleman who had introduced the bill, he did not doubt, really believed the bill would have the /alutary effect he had dwelt on, when he introduced it with such a warmth and earnestness of commendation. Other men, and men of great wisdom, had been equally deceived. Plato, for instance,. and he flattered himself he / Ihptlld not offend by comparing the honourable gentleman to

I Plato The honourable gentleman’s project was as imprac - / ticable

1

I

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&1.

ti cable as Plato’s Commonwealth, or Sir T Moore’s Utopia. In describing its good cfFe&s, the honourable gentleman had been describing the purity of his own. mind, and without knowing it, it was that which the honourable gentleman wished to reduce into practice; but the times were too bad, and difiipation too general, to render his honest endeavours fuc - cefsful. His lordship observed, that there were thirteen pages in the bill, and seven and twenty clauses which related to the civil establishment; he appealed therefore to every gentleman present, whether it was likely, that so heterogeneous a mass of matter, however plausible in theory and specula - tion, could easily be carried into execution. But this was not his only objection to the bill; the title of it wag not its true description; for the title said, that the monies saved were to be applied to the public service, whereas there was not one word in the bill which enacted such an appropriation; on the contrary, it was expressly enacted, that the balance of the civil list revenue should, after all savings, be laid out for an establishment for the use of the royal family.

His lordship said, the fa& Was certainly so, the clause in question was the 27 th, add was to be found in the 13th page of the printed bill, therefore, he repeated it, the bill did not apply the savings to the use of the public as it pretended. If the bill had appropriated all the savings to the public service, something indeed might have been said for it : his objections would have been fewer; but as it was, it surely had not the pretensions to encouragement. ( Economy was most efTen - tially necestary, nothing but the most rigid oeconomy could possibly save us. The treasury could not bear a greater load than it now had. But instead of harrafling the mmifter with thele chimerical notions, all our ideas should be consolidated in general exertion, and simple oeconomy. The minister must be a Jack of all trades, he must understand every thing to be able to go through his business. He wished for oeconomy, but he would not procure it, by setting the King down to an ordinary, and making him more dependent than. any man in his dominions. All the advantages which were likely to flow from the present bill, and many more, much more important benefits, would arise from that commission of accounts which the last gentleman had so affected to despise# Surely the honourable gentlemanjiad not read the two reports delivered in by the commissioners : if he had, he would have seen therein substantial benefit already derived from that commission, as a pleasing earned of what was to come; he

would

( ^.

7

A. 1781. D E BAT E S.

would have seen five or six public spirited gentlemen, indefatigable in the pursuit of their objeCI, detained by no receft of business, and biassed by no partiality, doing for the public what had long been requisite, by securing, in the first place, an immediate transition of public fubudies from the nation at large to the coffers of the fiate; and in the second, that money should no sooner be issued from the exchequer than it was wanted for the public service. In one tax alone they had ascertained 650, 0001. to be in the hands of the collectors, which he would venture to say was a national benefit, far more important than any the present bill could produce if carried into execution. But after all, if the bill passed, did gentlemen who had dwelt with so much energy on the petitions presented last year, think that this bill would satisfy the petitioners ? Undoubtedly it would not. Their ob - jects went much farther. What said the associations ? Give us annual parliaments, or triennial parliaments. Every man in the kingdom now set up for a reformer, at least every man wished to be a legislator, and vote at elections; how expedient, how practicable, how salutary such a matter would prove, the ffoufe might judge from what had happened lately at Coventry. He apologized to Mr. Burke, and said he meant no reflection on him, when he talked of state tinkers, but such were now to be found in almost every country town; there were those, among the croud of modern reformers, who not content with tinkering the British constitution, attempted to tinker that of Ireland, and would fain have new hammered it; for his part, he did not admire such workmen, they might do much mischief, and injure that which he verily believed would not receive any benefit from their labours.

The honourable William Pitt, son to the late Earl of Chat - The Hon. ham, now rose for the firfk time, and in a speech direCHy in answer to matter that had fallen out in the course of the debate, displayed great and astonishing powers of eloquence.

His voice is rich and striking, full of melody and force; his manner easy and elegant; his language beautiful and luxuriant. He gave, in that first and short essay, a specimen of eloquence, notunworthy the son of the immortal parent. He said, that he gave the most hearty consent to what had fallen from his honourable friend on the other fide of the House— that a proposition for the retrenchment of the civil list revenue ought to have come from His Majesty’s ministers. He gave his entire approbation to this sentiment. It would have tf > me with more grace : it would have come with more bene - Vol, II, D fit

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

- fit to the public service, if it had sprung from the royal breast. His Majesty’s ministers ought to have come forward and proposed a reduction in the civil list, to give to the people the consolation of knowing that their Sovereign participated in the ftftferings of the empire, and presented an honourable example of retrenchment in an hour of general difficulty. They ought to have consulted the glory of their royal matter, and have seated him in the hearts of his people, by abating from magnificence what was due to necessity. Instead of wajting for the flow request of a burthened people, they should have courted popularity by a voluntary surrender of useless revenue Far mote agreeable would it have been to that House to accede, than to propose; much more gracious to have observed the free exercise of royal bounty, than to make the appeal, and point out what was right, or what was necessary. feat if ministers failed to do this; if they interfered between the benignity of the Sovereign and the distresses of his people, and flopped the tide of royal sympathy, was th t a rfcafon why the House of Commons, his Majesty’s public counsellors, should desist from a measure so congenial to the paternal feelings of the Sovereign, so applicable to the wants and miseries of the people ? The natural beneficence of the royal heart would be gratified by the seasonable remittance And surely it was no reafpn, that because ministers failed to do their duty, the House should cease to attend to theirs. Acting as the faithful representatives of the people, who had trusted them, they ought to seize on every object of equitable resource that presentea itself; and surely none were so fair, so probable, or so flattering, as retrenchment and ( Economy. The obligations of their character demanded from them not to hesitate in pursuing those objects, even to the foot of the throne; and, actuated by duty, to advise the crown to part with useless : ostentation, that he might preserve necessary power; to abate a little of pomp, that he might ascertain respect; to diminish a little of exterior grandeur, that he might increase and secure authentic dignity. Such advice would become them, as the counsellors of his Majesty, and as the representatives of the people; for it was their immediate duty, as the Commons House of Parliament, to guard the lives, the liberties, and the properties of the people. The last obligation was. the strongest; it was more immediately incumbent upon them to guard the properties, because they were more liable to invasion, by the secret and fiibtle attacks of influence, than either their lives or liberties. - —It would

not

A. i7 i. DEBATES#

not derogate from the real glory of the crown to accept of the advice. It would be no diminution of true grandeur, to yield to the respectful petitions of the people. The tutelage of that House might be a hard term; but the guardianship of that House could not be disgraceful to a constitutional king The abridgment of useless and unnecclTary expence could be no abatement of royalty. Magnificence and grandeur were not inconsistent with retrenchment and oeconomy, but, on the contrary, in a time of neceifity, and of common exertion, solid grandeur was dependent on the reduction of expence. And it was the general ( entiment and obfevvation of the House, that oeconomy was at this time essentially necef - fery to national salvation. This had been the language of the noble lord on the other fide of the House [ Lord Nugent ], and he had declared, that if the bill then before the House had provided that all the monies to be derived from the reductions proposed, had been applied to the public service, he would have given his hearty concurrence in it, and would have become one of its warmest advocates. Here then he begged leave to join issue with the noble lord. He had said that the savings were to be appropriated towards a fund for creating a provision for the royal family; and this clause he had found in the bill before them; he begged to inform the noble lord, that there was a clause in the bill which expressly dated, that the monies arising from the red unions proposed should be directly applied to the public service. The only merit that he could claim, in a competition with the noble ford was, that his eyes were somewhat younger than his, and he would read the clause to which he alluded. He here read the following clause.

" And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the salaries, lawful fees, perquisites, and profits whatsoever, belonging to all and every the offices by this act suppressed, shall cease and determine with the determination of the said offices severally, and be no longer paid; and that the commissioners of the treasury shall, within a reasonable time, make, or cause to be made up, an account of the salaries and fees now payable for or on account of the said offices severally, as also an account of all the charges whatsoever, ordinary or extraordinary, incurred for, or by reason of the said offices, during ( a certain number ) of years last pass; and shall cause a sum to the amount of a medium of the said salaries, fees, and charges, to be annually set apart, and a f < q - parate ' account to be kept of the fame, and to carry the said

D a sum

it \ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1 ) 81 *

sum or sums of money, together with the amount of each and every penlioh as it shall fall or determine, until the said pension lift be reduced to a sum ( to be limited by the a ft, ) ( except as in this is otherwise provided ) to the sinking fund, there to remain for the disposition of Parliament. " This was the clearest refutation of the noble lord’s assertion; but his error seemed to have arisen ' from his having taken notice of another clause in the act, which ordains that the monies appropriated to the payment of annuities to be granted to those persons where places were to be abolished, mould bc placed in a fund, as they should arif ? by the death of the annuitants, to create a provision for the royal family. This was the error of the noble lord; he had mistaken this provision for all the sayings of the plan; unless indeed he imagined that to

? lace money in the sinking fund, subject to the disposal of Parliament, was not to apply it to the public service. He might consider the blind profulion of the minister as the pub lie service; and unless it had been left to him to be mi [ managed and squandered in his usual way, it was not applying it, in his opinion, to the public service. He trusted the House would excuse him for having wantoned with their patience on thi s point; and he for his own part should thi nk his time and labour very well repaid, if thereby he had been fortunate enough to gain over so powerful an assistant and friend as the noble lord to the principle of the bill. It had been said by an honourable, gentleman who spoke early in the debate, that the bill connected two objects, that ought to have been kept separate; his honourable friend near him [ Mr. John Townshend ] had shewn that these objects ought to go hand in hand together, s nd had very properly contended that this was the fit moment for introducing reform and oeconomy. He should add, that the bill had a third object much more important than either of these, and that was, the reduction of the influence of the crown, that influence which the last Parliament, by an express resolution, had declared to be increasing, and that it ought to be diminished. An influence which was more to be dreaded, because more secret in its attacks, and more concealed in its operations, than the power of prerogative. AH these objects were not only compatible with each other, but they had a mutual connexion, and ought not to be divided in a measure of reformation. In all the arguments of the noble lord who spoke last, on the subject of the resolutions of the 6 th of April, he observed the noble lord’s objections were

dire£ed

v

A 1781 - D E Bf A T £ S *

directed solely to the second of those resolutions, he took it for granted, therefore, that the noble lord admitted the first That resolution pledged the House to do something effectual in compliance with the petitions of the people; why then flionld the House refuse to adopt the present bill, the operation of which, in diminishing the influence of the crown, rendered it, in his opinion, much more valuable than the mere consideration of the saving it would effect ? But it had beensaid, that the saving was immaterial—it was a matter of trifling confide ration, when raeafured by the necessities or the expences of the time. It proposed to bring no more than

200, 0001. a year into the public coffers, and that sum was inflgnificaot, in the public account, when compared with the millions which we spend. This was futely the most singular and unaccountable species of reasoning that was ever attempted in any assembly. The calamities of the crisis were too great to be benefited by oeconomy; our expences were so enormous, that it was ridiculous to attend to little matters of account. We have spent so many millions, that thousands are beneath our consideration We were obliged to spend so much, thaj it was foolish to think of saving any. This was the language of the day, and it was by such reasoning that the principle of the bill had been disputed. Much argument had been brought to prove the impropriety, and the injustice of resuming a parliamentary grant; and it had been even said, that they had not a right to do so. It would be need - less to attempt an answer to such a doctrine. It contained its refutation in its weakoefs. But it ought to be remembered that the civil list revenue was granted by Parliament to his Majesty, for other purposes than those of personal gratification. It was granted to support the power and the interests of the empire, to maintain its grandeur, to p y the judges and the foreign ministers; to maintain justice ana support rc - spect; to pay the great officers that were necessary to the luftreof the crown, and it was proportioned to the dignity and the opulence of the people. It would be an ungracious talk to in eftigate the great difference that there was between the wealth of the empire when that revenue was granted, and the wealth at the present time. It would lerve, however, to Ihcw, that the sum of revenue which was necessary to the support of the common dignity of crown and people at that t time, ought now to be abated, as the necessities had encreaf - cd. The people who granted that revenue, under the circumstances of the occasion, were juilified in resuming a part

4

m PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

of it, wider the pressing demand of an altered fituabofi They clearly felt their right; but they exercised it with pain and regret. They approached the throne with bleeding hearts, afflicted at the necessity of applying for retrenchment of the royal gratifications; but the request was at once loyal and submissive. It was jufiified by policy, and his Majesty s compliance with the request was inculcated by prudence, as well as by affection. He confessed, that when he considered the obligations of the House, he could not cherish an idea that they would dispute the principle of the bill before them He could not believe it polfible, that the principle of ceco - v nomy would be condemned, or the means of accompli.. ing it abandoned. For his own part, he admitted the plan proposed. He felt himself, as a citizen of this country, - and a member of that House, highly indebted to the honourable author of it; and as he considered it essential to the being and the independence of his country, he would give it the most determined support.

Mr. Kofe - Mr. Rofewame began with observing, that he was very wame. sensible it was a most unpopular and invidious talk to oppolc, a bill which held out to the public as its ostensible objecta, ceconomy, and retrenching unnecessary expences, and move particularly so at a time like the present, when he agreed with a noble lord under him [ Lord Nugent ] that ceconomy is a virtue absolutely necessary to a nation involved in such extensive hostilities.

But the ostensible objects were captivating and alluring; yet the real tendency of the bill was allowed to be the dirai - nishing theextenfive influence of the crown, which was declared by a vote of the last Parliament u to be increased, increasing, and ought to be diminished. "

He then observed, that great stress had ' been laid on this resolution; but though the last Parliament adopted che refoiu - tion, yet when they came to apply it to practice, they could not agree in what this influence consisted, or where, when, or how it ought to be diminished, which was a strong preemption that the resolution itself was hasty and ill founded. That since that time, there had been an appeal to the people, and that he wished to know the sense of the present House of Commons, in which there was an uncommon number of new members. That the secondcity in the kingdom, by rejecting the honourable gentlemen who brought the bill now under confideTation into the last and present Parliament, seemed to have given a decided opinion on this point : by this he

meant

C.

A i ) Su D £ B A T E S *

meant not to convey the least reflection on that gentleman 5 on the contrary, he admired him for his great abilities and application, and was ready and willing to prefame he was actuated by motives of pare patriotism, and love of his country; but whatever the honourable gentleman’s motives might he, the House must exercise its wisdom and discretion, and consider whether it was just, necessary, or expedient, to deprive the crown of those powers anchmfluence it had enjoyed fbrfo long aferies of years, without any proof of their being abated, or perverted to the prejudice of the liberties and confutation of this country. That in this reign, events had happened most favourable to liberty : did gentlemen forget, that in tb s reign, the judges were made independent of the crown; first, by holding their places for life, and since, by a large additional salary ? In this reign also passed the Grenville aft, which restored to the people of Great Britain the full enjoyment of their franchises, and the rights and privileges of the electors. Could a minister now say to a favourite candidate, " Go to a borough, secure the returning officer, « t yourself seated, and I will keep you here at all events ! " were these trifling acquisitions ? Were they not great and valuable privileges }In what did this alarming influence of the crown consist } Were the places proposed, to be abo - Hshed by this bill, newly created } Was this a reign of of - ptession Were any attempts made to violate the constitu - tion, oropprefs the liberty of the meanest subject ? on the contrary, was there ever a period where liberty was enjoyed in greater. latitude ? If gentlemen were real friends to oecono - my, the tnaeft oeconomy was to unite as one man, in support of government, and repelling our numerous combined enemies. The want of union had already wasted more blood and treasure than a thousand chimerical schemes could save or recover : ’ twas this was the real cause of our present distress : our unfortunate want of union had protracted the war, and encouraged our rebellious subjects in America to persist in their unnatural rebellion, ' in spite of the liberal offers of the mother country, to join with our inveterate foes, and with sacrilegious hands, endeavour to plunge a dagger into the vitals of the parent state. Look at the effects of union in the last glorious war, and contract it with the pernicious consequences flowing from want of it in the prei ' ent, and then say, if every true patriot ought not to join in 1up - porting and strengthening the hands of government : not even the great and glorious Earl of Chatham could have luc -

ceeded,

PARLIAMENTARY Ai 1781.

ceeded, had his plans been obnftantly thwarted and opposed, as those of the present minister have been; nor unless those who had been intrusted with the execution, had acted very differently from what we had experienced in the present war. He then informed the House, that before he fat down, he must request their attention to the very particular situation in which he flood, that he not only held a place under government, ( twas indeed under the Duke of Cornwall, but in the minority of the Duke, was under the disposal of the crown ) but that in these times of public distress, when oeco - nomy wasfo justly allowed on all fides to be necessary, a very considerable addition had lately been made to the salary of his office. This was owing to the application of every nobleman and gentleman of Cornwall, who had a feat in the last Parliament, to their joining in an address to the crown in his favour, which he always considered as the greatest honour andhappiness of his life : that there had not, however, been wanting, those who had dared to represent this in a very different light; and to assert it was an election job, a bribe from the minister to answer the vilest and worst of purposes to induce him to take the part he did at the last election in the borough of Truro. He then addressed the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, and called on him to do him justice, whether there was thefmalleft foundation for the infamous and malicious charge; or whether there was the smallest interference of government on that occasion. So far from it, that even his colleague knew not a syllable of the matter,. till he lent him an express at Liverpool, where he was then canvalling for a feat for his son, with an account of the proceedings of the corporation of Truro, and the resolutions made in their favour. Had the minister been weak enough to make such a proposal, he should have spurned the proposer and proposal with equal ' contempt. That he should not have troubled the House with any observation on this occasion, if these calumr nieshad been confined to anonymous publications in thenewf - papers; but when he found a gentleman of high rank in the county of Cornwall, who was then in his eye, with whom he had long lived in habits of great intimacy and friendship, which he returned with equal affeflion, to be prevailed on by the arts of his enemies to adopt this opinion, it became his duty to take notice of it, and clear himself of so infamous a charge. That if this charge had been true, he should not only have been unable to deliver his sentiments on this bill as he had just done, but should have been ashamed to appear

within

A. i 8f. DEBATES if

within tbafe walls. That he owed his feat tx > as hopeftanA independent a set of gentlemen as any in the kingdom, to, their free and unfelicited voices. He then begged pardon of the House far detaining them on such an occasion; but that; it was a/very serious matter indeed to him, and that he could not resist the opportunity of jollifying himself before - lb au gust an assembly.

Mr. A# Donald said, he thought no gentleman tybahad Mr. fit to loaned an opinion on the important subject now before the naUL House should content himself with giving a iilent vote. ' For his own part he bad, considered the bill with mature deliberation, and therefult was that he was clearly an enemy o it principles. The bill contained two poiitions, both essential to fuport it, and yet neither of them proved by any better evidence than mere assertion; for first it recited that the in floence of the crown had improperly increased, and secondly, that 2 reformation in point of public oeeonomy wai necessary.

Neither of these portions, he thobght, should be taken so granted without evidence to support them, and yet the House must proceed that way or rejectthofe hazardous innovations to which thby formed a bads. The, influence of the crown was said to have improperly increased; but, by‘what means ? for the power of corruption had always remained the fame ever fence the Resolution. From that period to tbit eight hundred thousand pounds a year had differ at is been the amount of the civil efeablishment : our anceftars, therefore, in giving that, had given what they thought a proper share of influence into the hands of the monarch to compensate for that more arbitrary and equally profitable share of prerogative he had voluntarily relinquished If then eight hundred thousand pounds worth of influence was not then thought dangerous to the liberties of the people, why should it be deemed so now I V

He entirely agreed with the honourable gentleman who. had proved1 himself the deserving son of the great man Whose name he bore, and whose talents ’ were equal to the expectations that were formed of them, that to guard the property ! of the people waa the ferst duty of that House j but. it wan not the only one. If they should be so attentive to this duty ) tu to practise no other, and should prefer the interest of thid branch of the legislator so much to the other, as to Fuffer. an iucroacfament on the equipoise, they would be as criminal ad if they were to become the abject tools and accomplices of the Vo *,. II. E crown

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781.

crown against the people. Democracy was as much to be avoided as monarchy, or as aristocracy.

He entered at length into the argument, that the crown possessed the revenue of the civil list. by a contrail, on the faith of which the hereditary revenue had been given 5 and that it would be the grossest infringement of the good faith of that contrail to attempt to pass the present bill.

Mr. Wraxall said, he felt great timidity on riling, because he was aware that every man who ventured to objeH to a bill, one declared objell of which was to introduce a large and beneficial system of public oeconomy, must Hand on very unpopular ground. ProjeHs of reform were at all times reducing to a nation, let the circumstances of the public be ever so promising and prosperous, but when a great people were struggling under a variety of pressing difficulties, when those difficulties rather increased than diminished, and when the happy hour that was to put an end to them was out of fight, projells of reform became more fedullive, and therefore it was no wonder that they were grasped at with the greatest eagerness by men of almost every turn of political sentiment and opinion, because where the burthen was generally felt, every man must unite in wishing that it were alleviated, if it could not be removed. Projells of reform also, became the more alluring, where they were supported by recent precedent, and upheld by the powerful aid of the uioft polished eloquence; he should not therefore be surprized at any aspersions that might be thrown on him, for presuming under such circumstances as he had stated, to endeavour to draw the attention of the House to a few observations, which, he had to offer in objection to the bill then under confederation. His duty, however, which should ever be his first ob - jell, impelled him to surmount every terror that he felt, and to prpceed in his purpose unawed with the dread of any con - lequences that might arise from it; and first, he disapproved of the grand principle on which the bill proceeded. His ob - jellion was a radical one; he could not subscribe to the resolution of the last Parliament, which asserted, " That the influence of the crown had increased, is increasing, and Ought to be diminished. " Not feeling the truth of a refolu - lution come to by so respectable an authority as a British House of Commons, and which had been since so strongly in - lifted on by some of the ablest men of the age, he was aware that it was incumbent on him to account for his refilling the

aiTertion,

A 1781. DEBATES.

assertion, and denying die extent of St, and this he would do as shortly as possible.

He then drew a pi£ture of the constitution of this country, and was warm in its eulogium. He declared it to be more perfect than the constitution of Rome, of Athens, or of Sparta; in short, than that of any republic either of antiquity or of modern Europe; its perfection, he said, lay in the nice preponderance between its three branches, in that wonderfully correct equipoise which balanced the power of the three distinct but relative states of king, lords and commons; nor need there be a greater proof of its excellence and its perfection, than the admiration, the esteem, and the ap - planfc with which it had been spoken of by the wifeit men of all countries ! In times previous to the sera of 1688, when the glorious Resolution was effected, Mr. Wraxall said, prerogative was the weapon of the crown. The liberties of the people were not then accurately defined, and the people were from that very circumstance liable to many inroads and much oppression, which was exercised by that powerful engine, prerogative, under various pretences. But in 1688 prerogative was abrogated, and liberty defined. At that fortunate period of our history, when the Star Chamber, the Court of Wards, and all the execrable tyranny introduced and practised by the house of Stuart was abolished, an in its stead the Bill of Rights and Magna Charta established; the King flood, as it were, chained to the pillar of liberty. It was the great support of his reign, the sublime fabric which he engaged to erect; and who fb proper to be the architect, as a prince who had been at the head of a free republic, and had called from thence and invited to fill the throne of a yet freer people ? But still virtually and tacitly a barrier was wifely left to the crown. That barrier was influence ! William the Third, the avowed opposer of tyranny, the guardian of the liberties of his people, and the advocate for the general freedom of Europe, was as jealous as any prince of his influence. Why ? Because he saw that if influence was loft, the crown would be degraded and the nation must soon become degraded likewise.

In order to shew that this would hawe been the conference, Mr. Wraxall adverted to the history of Sweden, citing the fete of that country as an example correctly in point. He gave an account of Sweden, as it flood at the time the confutation of it was changed in the year 1718, when it was governed by Ulrica, after the death of Charles the Twelfth,

E Z

PA. JlLilAM NTARY A. 1781.

as well gs upon her tsfignation of the throne ih favour of her confort Fredrick, Landgrave of Hefie Gaffel, up to tho ear 1775, when the; resolution took place. During all that period, he said the strong features of Sweden were faction, venality, vilification and poverty; loss of glory, ftx ngth and respect. The navy reduced to seven ships, the people enervated and spiritless, the government without system or publip gjory ! till at length the nation was funk into contempt, despised by every other European power, and the Swedes almost annihiUat. ed as a people. AH these calamities, and aH this dilgraqe, Mr. Wraxall laid, had been entailed on Sweden, in consequence of the people, in the year 1718, paving, when they felt fttfefrom the oppression and rigour of the reign of Charley the Twelfth, madly precipitated into die opposite extreme and robbed the crown of alL its natural, and constitutional Influence. After dating this pretty fully, he took notice of Mr, Burke’s declaration in his speech of the 15th infant, " That France had made a reform, that Louis XVI. ' had done it, —why then shoukl not we imitate so bright an example ? " Few reasonings on French conda&i Mf -. Wraxali laid, could ever apply to England; France was a delpotic, thifc a free country. British kings could not imitate arbitrary princes In England the throne is built on liberty. In France it rests on the necks of 200, 000 soldiers. It M upheld by farine/s general, by oppression, by a servile parliament, banished at will, as the iaft parliament was, to Arigouleme and Pontoife, gnd by military rigour, and armed authority. But Mr. Burke had laid, that Louis XIV, hnd Louis XV, had never made such a reform. It was left for Monsieur Nicker, a Angle unconnected alien, to at - thieve lb glorious a pfo}e& and to do his royal mailer lb‘ much service, accompanied ’ with so much honour, " He do nied the whole of the assertion. Retrenchments of the kind Were by do means, nhvelties in France. In - the year 1689, in the reign of Louis Xiv. when MonfieqrLe Pelletier was at be head of the finance, three millions of livres were raised by melting down the King ! s plate, and three millions more from that of his nobles. Such a reform was surely. a very rigorous one, and it wafc the hjore extraordinary, as it was made; in thfe beginning of a prosperous war. Again, in the ye&C

1706,. when ChanfilUrd managed the finances of France, an other reform took ’ place, and, aga n, - a third, in 1708, when. Pemarets Was financier. In the reign of Louis XV. Cardinal Ftetlry ’ s. ftpift egeonomy, and a Jong peace made a. reform

( OO

A. 17&. D £ B A T E S.

formnpt fp requisite it the war of 1741. But in the year l 7$ 1 and 1762, a thorough reform, as was well known, AQOtkplace.

Having dw ? ) t on these fa£ls For some time, Mr. Wraxall proceeded to reply to other parts of Mr. Burke’s speech of J5th of February, and said, as to the honourable gentleman’s palpus of ( {leading France, he differed from him extremely The honourable gentleman had declared, that he feared her 490 account of her reform, and on no other account. He felt very different motive for fearing France at present. It was. not on accppnt of her powerful fleets and her great alliances. No. Neither was it on account of her reform. That could jdo but very little indeed. He feared her, because she could devote all her finances to her navy; because she had no land. war; bccaufh we have no continental ally, and because the frontier of France was secure and peaceable. There was the deep evil, the fburce, and the only source of real danger to Ahi$ country ! While the frontier of France was undisturbed, and th Rhine flowed quietly within its banks, we had every xeaibn to be alarmed, becayte while matters remained in that #a$e, France could support her navy, she could recruit it rapidly, and could add daily to its number, its strength, and its service. Mr. Wraxall argued this point with all the en - flroflafm of conviction, and at length returned to the bill again. He said he was ready to subscribe to Mr. Burke’s arguments relative to the two boards, and the ridiculous efebjishments Qf the duchy of Lancaster, the duchy of Cornwall, the palatinate of Chester, and the principality of £ ) grhaxn; he was ready also to allow, that all he had said on {hpfe topics was equally just and beautiful, but he could not agree with him that they ought to be abolished, and the reason was, because he was not for destroying the influence of She crown.

He here pointed out the great danger of popular inroad and democratic violence. He spoke of the insurrections of last summer, which he described as horrible atrocities, at the recollect ion of which every true friend of liberty, and every true friend of good government must shudder. He aferibed. those mischiefs to a species of republican phrenzy, and touched on the danger of associations, which, though set on foot by the best lovers of their country, sometimes led to events nor only totally foreign to the intentions of those who instituted such affiliations, but which they could not but detest and lament. In. the conrfe. q£ this, laftfummesyhp said, every man

3o PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

man that thought upon the subject seriously, felt himself justified in dreading a civil war, a calamity tha ' t would have completed our misfortunes ! He concluded with saying, that those who love the English people, and their liberties, must assemble round the throne. They must defend it from all attacks, as well from the innovating proje£te of dangerous but well meaning the Orifts, as from the open assaults of its avowed enemies; otherwise the constitution itself would foil, for the stability ' of the throne, and the security of the people were inseparable : weaken the one, the other must necefta - rily be injured, for which reason he should oppose the present bill. '

Lord M k - Lord Maitland now rose for the first time, and entered fully into the question, on the ground on which it had been taken up by the other gentlemen who had gone before him. He combated the arguments thar had been urged with great ability and force of reasoning. The honourable gentleman, he said, who had been the author of this bill, was perhaps the only man in the country whole powers were equal to so systematic and generous a reform. He had connected liberality with interest. He had made it policy to be generous. It was no little, narrow, wretched scheme of retrenchment breaking in upon the dignity of the crown, or the respect of the nation—but a great and beautiful arrangement of office, calculated to ornament, instead of stripping the court. It destroyed the underwood of grandeur, the bushes under which the serpent of influence lurked, and from which, un - seen, it stung and tainted the dignity of the constitution. It chaled away the contaminating excrescences, and by this means it fru&ified, instead of injuring the tree itself. It gave {lability to power, by relieving it from the burthens which it was oppressed. It was calculated to strip off the poisonous shirt with which the Hercules of the constitution was invested, and in which he laboured in all the agonies of death. ( Economy was the remedy to which we must refer. It was the sovereign specific, by which we might yet avert the consequences of consumptive decline. Those that objected to the present bill, in fa&, declared that ceconomy wa not necessary or not proper; and that corrupt influence ought to be maintained. It was an idle and an absurd quibble to dispute the existence of undue influence : it was manifest, and like any Ample problem of Euclid, could not derive more perspicuity from explanation than it possessed from name. The Journals of the House had declared the existence of in *

fluency

A. 1781. DEBATES.

' ) fluence, and in their subsequent conduCl the House had proved the fad. On that memorable night, the 6th, of April, a gleam of returning virtue shot through the House. Truth made its translent appearance, and pressed conviction on the minds of men, not incident to conviction. For once they Yielded to the impression—the touch {tone was applied to the heart, and from their mouths came honesty and truth—but that influence which they acknowledged to exist rose from its temporary depression with accumulated strength. It rose to joftify the declarations of the 6th of April, but he held them forth as a matter of mockery, as an insult, a et nihil, as if it found a" triumph in the acknowledgment of its txistence, and in the insolence of wickedness and power, pre - fumed to say to the people, —It is true, influence has increas - cdj is increasing, and ought to be diminished—but I am grown sturdy—1 have taken possession of the last bulwark of the ' constitution, the Commons House of Parliament; and I am superior to the feeble rage and the impotent attacks of virtue ., After this plain proof, would it be denied that influence existed ? If the House had not virtue enough to ref - Cue themselves from the imputation of returning to independence, it became them at least to acknowledge the servitude and the slavery in which they were held. The noble lord traced the course of our calamities up to the fountain head— the mad and ruinous American war. It was that which had exhausted our refourcesj and it was that which had made the increase of influence so necessary. It had become the infamous talk of ministers tp bribe men whom they could not persuade. They had been obliged, when deluflon had evaporated, and all the architecture of chimeras were demolished, to reibrt to the insinuating powers of corruption : and these men who had acted without system in the operations of government, had been both ingenious and fuccelsful in the management of Parliament. Such now was the state of corruption, that no man could live and think in this country, without irrefragable proofs pressing on his feelings every mo - incut, to convince him, however incredulous, of this truth, that the influence of the crown has ervormously increased. r His lordship illustrated this petition very much at large, by fpppofing himself a novice in the service of slate affairs, ami requiring of feme aged friend the iblution of many political paradoxes, all of which the existence of court influence he Shewed could only explain. In that train of reasoning, he introduced a detail of citcumstances and events, which all % combined

4

3 *

PA R LI A M E N T A R Y ijii.

combined to prove the extent of the power which the mint - fter had acquired in Parliament by the means of that efficacious inftcument. The noble lord confideted this bill on the foundation - stone of reformation. Its provisions were whole - some and salutary : nay, he considered them as palatable. - He would be the last man in that House to adopt, or to ap - prove of a measure, in which violent hands were to boiahf on the revenue of the Sovereign. Attached to the family upon the throne, as they all were, by the fervent bond 6$ loyalty and interest, it would be the last thing which that House would attempt, to diminish the glory, or to abridge - d > e pleasures of the Sovereign. This did neither but added to both, it was not more calculated to introduce oeconomy, than to ascertain respect; and not more calculated ' to take from corrupt influence, than to add to honourable powey. ' Such were his sentiments, because he considered the true and ' solid power of the crown to be seated in the glory and in the virtues of the Sovereign. If the Sovereign possessed the confc dence and the lov e of his people. If he and they were bound ' together by the bonds of sympathetic regard and affedfrion, ' then the crown would be more splendid, and possess morel luff re than it could polhbly derive from pageantry or parade s; T tivrac Sir Horace Mann said, that he had last year opposed part Mann, of the bill, which appeared to him at the time to be highly objectionable, but he had always approved of the principle of the bill. Those objectionable parts, the regulations that were proposed in the King’s household, particularly, that of ’ supplyinghis table by contract; that was a species oflceco - ' nomy to which he would never consent, because he consider - ed it as a degradation of the royalty of England. He could ' never agree to set the King down to an ordinary : but those objectionable points having been given up, he undoubtedly ' Ihduld vote for the second reading, and he thought the Hduu > ' were most dutifully complying with the words of his Majesty > from the throne, on the opening of the present session of Parliament, in proceeding to pass a bill like that before thenn - His Majesty had expressly deflred to know the willies of hi people; and in the speech immediately iubfequerit to the lattf disgraceful outrages, had declared, that he wifned to make the happiness and the welfare of his people his own. What could more immediately or more forcibly convey to the royal mints an authentic proof of the sentiments of the people, thall the Commons of England agreeing to pass a bill, the avowed ob - jeCb of which were public reform and public ’ oeconotBfy. i H *

• said

33

A. 1781. DEBATES.

find, he was astonished at having that night heard the refblu - tidns of the 6th of April talked of with so much flightnefc, and treated with so little respect. He hoped no man would prelume to abrogate a resolution of the House, though agreed to by a former Parliament; more especially a resolution flat -. ingfo self - evident a truth, a ? that respecting the influence of the crown; a resolution which had not been hastily consented to, but might be said to be founded on deep conviction, the grounds of it having been moftably, solemnly, and serious - ly discussed and debated, before the House adopted it, or gave it thefan£lion of an entry on their Journals. Sir Horace congratulated the House in general, on the burst of abi - lities, that had given lustre to the debate, and had done the young members on both ( ides of the House so much honour.

It was a happy presage that those, who would, in all probability, be the future supports of the nation, were inspired with the genius of their renowned ancestors, and would one day emulate their glory yin having been the ablest and the moll successful friends to their country, that ever undertook the direction of its public affairs.

Mr. Courtenaycsaid, he rose with the utmost diffidence, left Mr. Count -

he should be deemed presumptuous in attempting to contro - vert principles, and combat arguments specious and popular in themselves, and rendered highly so by that brilliant and captivating eloquence, which peculiarly, distinguished the honourable gentleman [ Mr. Burke ] on his moving for leave, to bring in the present bill, and which must still vibrate oa the ears of the House. No man entertained a higher respect for him than he did. The honourable gentleman merited it; for wTho was there gifted with such superior talents, who bore his faculties so meekly ? Whose candour and ingenuouf - ness were more conspicuous ? Who arranged his matter with so much judgment, and who illumined it with so much fancy ? It would, argue want of taste in those who differed most from the honourable gentleman in the fleeting politics of the day, not to set a just estimation on his Angular and shining abilities. Posterity would do them justice, and admire the man who had infused a spirit of Attic elegance into British oratory, and whose classical compositions would be read with, delight by the scholar, the philosopher, and the statesman

Fully icnfible of the difficulties and prejudices under which he laboured, yet he should intreat the patience of the House fora few minutes, conscious that he possessed no powers capable of arresting their attention, or instructing and enter - Vol. II. ~ F taining

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

taining them for hours, he should always consult brevity as the highest mark of respect and gratitude he could poftibly pay, for their generous indulgence in condescending to listen to him.

The present bill held out a very flattering and popular idea —deconomy—great savings to the public—and a consequent diminution of the dangerous influence of the crown; but the fom prOposed to be saved by the honourable gentleman him - feIf was but trifling, considered as a great national object; c&nfequerttly—a diminution of the influence of the crown must be the true and secret motive for this favourite species of reformation.

He Remarked, that by the nature of our mixed government, the disposal of all places of trust, and profit are vested in the crown; this liberal and constitutional prerogative, in the opinion of the ablest and most impartial political writers, Was productive of many salutary and beneficial effects *

In the first place, it had an obvious tendency to ifooth, and allay those restless and irritating passions, which the invidious power and splendour 6f monarchy were very apt to excite ia some men of a certain cast and temperature, especially if, from some cause or other, they had been chilled by remaining too long in the ( hade, deprived of that genial and exhilarating warmth which court sunshine is usually supposed to bestow. _ k

Yet these perturbed spirits had their use; ever restless and tinea fy in themselves, they watched with jealous and aching 4yts > every motion of the state machine often, indeed, they might obstruCf and retard its motions, yet at other times, they prevented its defending too rapidly on the Wheel of prerogative, and checked it by the drag chain of Opposition.

This distinction and oppofltion of parties, springing from the very nature of our free constitution, derived their full force and complexion from the glorious Resolution, when liberty was more firmly established, and prerogative more accurately defined. He said, it was a resolution principle, and he liked it the better for being so, especially as to this very principle we were indebted for that constant generation. of patriots which every administration necefl ' arily begets; they x shine and twinkle awhile in their orbits ( like other conftclla - fions ) whilst they preserve their due distance from our political fun; but when they approach too near, they become # invisible,

L

A. 178 *. DEBATES,

iavifibfe, no longer attra6l the gaze of popular admiration, bat are loll in the majesty of his beams.

The efle& naturally resulting from the genius and nature of the British constitutidq, as operating on the human paf - fions, are admirably and justiy described in the following paf - ftge by the celebrated Baron Montefquicu - c As those, ✓ who with the greatest warmth oppose the executive power, dare not avow the self - interested motives of their opposition, so much the more do they increase the terrors of the people, who can never be certain whether they are in danger or not. " u And as the executive power, by difyoiing of all employments, may give great hopes and no fears, every man who entertains any favour from it, is ready to espouse its cause, vrtiilc it is liable to he attacked by those who nave nothing to hope from it.

All the passions being unrestrained, hatred, envy, jea - lonfy, and an ambitious desire of riches and honours, appear in their full extent; were it otherwise, the date would be in the condition of a man weakened by sickness, who is without pafitone, because ho is without strength. " For man, ht tiid, Eftuft be taken as he actually exists in political society, with all his imperfc&ions on his head : as a mere ideal being, he might be safely left to be modelled and governed by the chimerical speculations of visionary philosophers and unpractised statesmen.

Mr. Courtenaye observed, that in pursuance of this fy item, impeachments, constructive acts of treason against the coasti - lotion, axes, blocks, Tower - hill, and inch like substantial acts of justice, have been constantly exhibited with all ' the pomp of parliamentary declamation; not with any sanguinary intention, but merely to ihake mini fie rs from their fit u at ion, and intimidate them into resignation. This conciliatory oil of resignation being once thrown on the turbulent waves of faction, they instantly subside, and all it peace; - r - because the contention was for power; it wa9 the cooteft of pride, of ambition, of rival and difeordant paf - &oos, pur/uing the fame object. Neither the Ins or Outt entertained an idea prejudicial to the true inter eft of their country; and even the people Teemed frequently convinced of this truth, by seeing the fame measures alternately adopted by both parties; and therefore often contemplated the virtuous druggie with calm and cool indifference. Self - in - ttreft was seen lurking under the flimfy veil of public spirit; aid, like the cob - web over the poor - box, more strikingly

O liber -

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

O liberty ! O virtue ! O my country ! has been the in - ceflant pathetic, but fallacious cry, of former oppositions; the present, he was sure, aXed on purer motives; they wept over their bleeding country; yet the " Patriot eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, " deigned to cast a wishful squint on riches and honours enjoyed by the minister and his venal sup - porters. If he were not pprehensive of hazarding a ludicrous allusion ( which he knew was always improper on a serious subjex ) he would compare their conduct to the sentimental alderman’s in one of Hogarth’s prints, who, when his daughter is expiring, wears indeed a parental face of grief and solicitude; but it is; : to secure her diamond ring, which he is drawing gently from Jierfinger.

To confirm this doXrine by faXs, continued he, who was ever more calumniated, whose character was ever more. traduced, who was ever perlecuted with more bitter invective, than the late Sir Robert Walpole ? that ministerial Midas, who was said to have converted Lords and Commons into gold by his magic touch; yet justice has been lincc done to his memory and merit. His eulogium was pronounced in the other House, and passed without a protcft; he was called an able, a wife, and experienced minister, who thoroughly understood the political and commercial interests of this country, and invariably pursued them. This eulogium was pronounced by one who knew him well; a most discerning judge, the greatest statesman of the age, thb late Earl of Chatham, whole venerable name mankind will always associate with the grandeur, glory, and extension of t}ie British empire,

Mr, Courtenaye then appealed to the present opposition, to provethat little danger can be apprehended from the influence of the crown—as long, he said, as so many gentlemen, distin - guished : by great and acknowledged abilities andcommanding eloquence, of such popular charaXers and connexions, re -. ' taified h ir independence, without places or penflons ( except such as they hold for life ) the country was safe; and h© sincerely hQped we should never be deprived of such, or fimi - lar instances of virtue and integrity,

then bagged seriously to ask, whether there bad; been avowed pt indirect attempt on the rights and liberties. of therfubssex, to provoke this illiberal attack on the prerogative oft the crown } He trufled that. the fame ardent zeal, th6 faflie beastJTf lt yeneration for our sacred rights, ftift glowed - i ^; the br a ( l of, every Englishmen. That virtuous veneration which the name of Qur Hampd. ens, our Sydneys, &nd O. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ' onr

C.

A. 17 1. DEBATES.

our Ruflels fttll inspire, ( notwithstanding some impotent attempts to tarnish the honour of their characters, ) warranted and jufiified the a fie rt ion. A free government, he said, muff be ever dear to an ambitious, a spirited, and an enlightened people; it alone furnished a held for emulation, and objects that, called forth the exertion of genius. The elevation of lotil and sentiment, the noble pride of independence, the various and characteristic traits of the human mind, there alone expand and floUrish, deriving their vivid lustre from liberty. In despotic governments, where the whole power of the {fate was veiled, in one man, the human. mind is degraded; its native and original colours fade away, and are loft in the splendour of the Sovereign; as the priini -. tive and variegated rays of light, on being blended together, display one dazzling glare of white, and no more exhibit a beauty, variety and diltin&ion of colours. On such a subject, ' he should be proud to own his enthusiasm, and where could be indulge the impaifioned sentiment with so much propriety as in a British House of Commons, amidst the representatives of that free, brave, and generous people, who h ve cherished a ’ fp rk of freedom for ages, and fed the flame with their blood ? Perhaps he might be told, that the American war was a proof of the despotic designs of administration; he denied it; though he never was, nor never would be, : an advocate for the justice/ wildom, and expediency of the American war, yet he owned it was a popular one the aliening an unliroitted sovereignty over America, was flattering to the pridej he would not say insolence, of every Eng - limman; it wasa Whig principle, maintained by Whig states - tpt - n, and confirmed by repeated acts of a Whig Parliament. But still he should not despair, ( notwithstanding the willie of our enemies, and prophecies of our friends, ) that England and America would again be united, and become one grear, flourishing, and happy people, enjoying the fame religion, rights, language and laws, and endeared to each other by the fame generous and persevering spirit for liberty : —an equal and impartial participation of freedom being the cement of true wisdom and liberal policy to bind every part of the British. - empire together, by the only solid and permanent union —rmutual interests and mutual affection. Ireland had lately exhibited, a singular proof how well this liberal policy had fiicceednd; Ireland, which was scarcely visible above our horizon, added he, is now gradually ascending, and this luminary ( sinceit has escaped a fatal and predicted eclipse, from the perpetual Shade oC the mutiny biJJ ) will soon attain its *

proper

C.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 Si.

proper altitude, and shine as a star of the feeond magnitude, adding beauty and splendour to the British firmament.

Mr. Courtenayethen asked—Was this a time for such pro - politions % o be offered. ? — - Was it by such an invidious and partial plan of inadequate oegonomy, that Great Britain was to be saved at this hour of danger ? The boasted specific, he said, was injudiciously prescribed, without a thorough knowledge and acquaintance with the eonftitution, and would be found wholly inefficacious—as inefficacious as the specific adopted by the wisdom of the Roman senate to step the pra - grcfs of a pestilence; where the praetor was ordered with ridiculous solemnity—pangere clavum—to drive a nail into the

wall of the capitol : and the people of Naples, at. this day, when they are menaced with an irruption of Mount Vefuvt - s, expose the blood of St. Januarius to appease the rage of the mountain. And should we adopt similar and wretched expedients ? Did we hope by driving a nail through this dr ‘t ’ other board, or by fqueeeing and expoling a few drops of Wood from the civil list, to check the pride and ambition erf the house of Bourbon, diflplve the family compact and punish Dutch perfidy and ingratitude

Was this a time for introducing retrenchment, when we should rather call on the board of works to enlarge our iep - tennial, triennial, or annual caravanfera, ( ke believed the delegates had not yet determined which it mould be ); we should rather be providing entertainment for man and horie % for can we forget that a hundred knights, armed cap - a - pce, are fbon to begin their march from the renowned. city of York, to attack this, our enchanted castle of St. Stephen’s {after having received a priestly benedidion from their political pope, ) actuated by the generous resolution of rescuing that distressed damsel, Britannia, from the ravishing gripe of the poble lord in the blue ribbon, whose lust of power, unbridled Insolence, and tyrannic disposition, we have all so long and so fatally experienced ? But before we determine, let us serious ly refled, that innovations are ticklish things; by incorffi - derately attempting to improve, we may eflentiatiy injure tibe confutation. Mr, Courtenaye then said, that on reading a very ingenious book, which threw great light on the fpim, manners, and character of our ancestors, in the book he ad - luded to, ( Observations on the Statutes, chiefly the more ancient ones, ) there was an act of the 35th of Ed. 1 ♦ A 1367, entitled, Ne rtElvr arbores in cocmetcrio proflernet. But, as the7 rgafon of this prohibitory statute was not well underftoodj several of the country clergy carried away by‘the modem

taftc

t

A. 1781. DEBATES.

taste for improvement, chose ta lawn their church yards, and cutaway the jioxious yew trees; but, afteT the supposed improvement was made, the wisdom of the act, and the utility of the trees were discovered, as several churches, especially the church of Gyffin, near Conway, iti Wales,

( for this ( pirit of improvement had travelled so far, ) were materially injured, by being exposed to the storm, deprived of all flicker and protection. Let us improve on the hint, and not with rash and sacrilegious hands, prune away the thick and flickering foliage of prerogative, left we thereby injure the temple of Liberty.

Lord Bulkeley said, ' that the honourable gentleman who Lot spoke lash had made himself exceedingly merry at the expence of a very grave and serious subject; it was hoped, he said, that thehonourable gentleman had not himself an eye after the diamond. The noble lord said, that the necessity of reform and ceconomv was so obvious, and so prefting, that he was affonlshed the ministers of the crown had not long since come j forwards, and proposed some measures equally promising to produce beneficial confluences, with the clauses of the bill; then under consideration. The bjll entitled his honourable friend, who brought it in, to the waimeft praises from every oae of his Majesty’s subjects : its principle was undeniably lasdable, and he did not doubt but its operation would aafoer the most sanguine wishes of all who thought it their doty. to support it. Should the public, however, have the raiifbrtune to lose the bill, he thought it incumbent on the king servants, seriously to turn their minds to the real situ - atkatof the subjects in general, every man’s income having bees most alarmingly reduced in consequence of the wars, into which the country had been so unadvisedly precipitated.

It was the country gentlemen who fufFered the most consider - aWy by the present measures, and the minister ought to attend to their complaints. Every gentleman, like him, who lived upon his estate, ( and he hoped he should never derive an income from any thing but his estate ), could not but be ieafihle of the decreased value of landed property, and of the enemfins poverty of his tenants, in consequence of which they were deprived of many of the advantages, the bene fits, dm comforts, and the luxuries of life, which from their r. tnk adfaatbi they were entitled to expect. Those who had hootufed keep large retinues of servants and horses, had boefc under the necessity of decreasing the number, and of ibridking alb the enjoyments of this life. The subjects, h/is ware obliged to retrench and to limit thek ex - *

1 peaces *

t

4a PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1 ‘

pences, and considering the situation of public affairs, he saw nothing indecent or unreasonable in deliring the crown to do. the fame. It would reconcile the calamity to the suffer - ing people. When the country gentleman law that his Sovereign participated in the distress ' of the nation and that retrenchment was general it would make iteafy and tolerable.

Mr. T. pJ/f. Mr. T. Pitt took notice of what had been said respe6Iing Mr. Burke’s having been ' rejected by the electors of Bristol, and asserted, that so far from there being any cause for the honourable gentleman ’ declaring himself humiliated by it, it did not reflect any disgrace on the honourable gentleman, but on that House, and on the kingdom, who were the parties most humiliated on the occasion. Could it be possible, after so many years indefatigable zeal for the public service, after the constant and unwearied display of such uiicommon abilities, in the most laudable endeavours to promote the best interests of the nation, that such a man could be rejected ! a man, whom every one who heard him ought to have strove who fhojuld be the first to take upon his shoulders and carry to the hustings; ftnce everyone must be conscious, that there was not to be found in the whole kingdom, a gentleman of greater integrity, ora gentleman better qualified to fit in that House than the honourable gentleman near him. Mr. Pitt declared, he meant not any fulsome compliment; it had so happened that in his walk through life he had not had the honour to live in habits of intimacy with the honourable gentleman; he spoke merely from what others had wit - nefled as well as himself, the honourable gentleman’s con - du£t, as a member of Parliament, a conduct, that almost every man of every party had, at different times, thought it an act of justice to applaud. After this exordium, Mr. Pitt, went into an examination of the principle of the bill, which he solemnly defended as a principle every way worthy the adoption of the House. He argued the ri htandthe expedi - ' ency of resuming a part of the civil list revenue, when the distreffes of the nation required it, and asserted that the influence of the crown operating in secret, was a much more dangerous enemy to the constitution, than prerogative; prerogative, from the nature of it, a£ed openly and in the face of day, therefore it was much more easy to guarel against it, and to refill its oppressive efforts, - than to refill the undermining advances of court influence, which had already gained so fast upon us that it threatened the ruin of ’ the cow - ftitution. He called upon the House with great earneftnelk to seize the present opportunity of shewing the people tbtt -

I

A. 1781.

D E B A f E S.

die resolutions of the 6th of April were not mere words without meaning; and declared that the oeconomical effect of the bill, if it passed, was so apparent to him, that he Ihpnld consider the rejection of it, as a declaration that the House were enemies to oeconomy, and that they were determined to go blindly on, wafting the public money, by applying it to the support of uieless and unnecessary places and placemen. In that case he should consider his presence in that House to be of little or no consequence, and should fare himself the trouble of attending Parliament in future.

Sir William Dolben opposed the bill on its principle. If it Sir W. was light to destroy the influence by which members were ' " returned to that House, it did not go far enough, for it ought also to have destroyed the influence of the aristocracy tod of wealthy individuals as well as tte influence of the crown; and he said he should have no objection to a general and fair plan of reform that went to the reduction of influence on both fides. We were at all times given to understand, that such a borough belonged to the duke, or to the earl, and that such and such members. belonged to the nabob. Much had been said against those who voted with the ministers, as if they could not possibly aft from pure and honest motives, he thought such arguments extremely unfair; because it might with just as m « ch propriety be said, that the leaders of opposition generally consisted of the difearded dependents of discarded ministers : and he saw no reason to suppose that gratified pride and expectations created more undue influence on theone hand, than disappointed ambition and avaritious anxiety created on the other. With regard to the bill, there were soupe parts of it which, he thought, might produce great good; he meant some of thofe1 clauses towards the latter end, which fqgarded the mint, &c. all that related to the civil establish - tnent of his Majesty’s houshold he highly disapproved.

Mr. Rollesupported the bill; he liked its principles; but Mt. Ro//e.

tolome parts he had his objections. Having delivered his fen - dments in a former Parliament, he would not now trouble the Hpufe; hischief view in rising, was to take notice of what dropt fibpa the honourable. member, who moved the bill, "Concerning the county he represented. The honourable member said hfc : had been called on, by many, to resumc his bill, particularly by the whole county of Devon, &c. &c. Mr. Rolle pjerved, he understood he had been called on by the aflbeiat - 4 committee, but not by his county in general. He befitted his county was not averse to the revival of his biH

: Vol. II. G but

, 4 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7$i.

but to the mode in which he had been requeued to bring it on. He was certain a very large majority of his constituents disapproved of the association. He did not mean to reflect on any j party or persons; his earnest wish and intention were, to do justice to all, as bepame an honest representative. In speak - ing of associations, he could not avoid mentioning a very, alarming resolution of the committee of Huntingaonshire, deiiring the housekeepers to arm themselves. This he thought, if not checked, might be attended with very bad consequences; and he wished to know whether the House oould take notice of it. He concluded with saying, he thought oeconomy, both in private and public affairs, was. requisite, and never more than at the present time; that there were many unnecessary and useless places and pensions, which might be very properly dispensed with. For these reasons he should moil certainly votfrfor the bill.

Mr. Jtlffi. fyjr. Joliffe said his constituents, he believed, were unani - mously against the bill; and for that reason he should vote against it.

Mr. Thijllt - Mr. Thistlethwaite said that his constituents very warmly tbwatte. approved of the bill, and for that reason, as well as from his

own conviction of the utility and excellence of the plan, he should moil certainly give it his concurrence. He considered oeconomy and retrenchment as effectyally necessary, in the present calamitous situation of this country to our salvation; j and there was not any thing in the present bill which he conceived to be improper or unfit to be carried into execution.

Sir Francis Sir Francis Bajfttsaid, that an honourable gentleman, who

spoke early in the debate, had told the House, that those young members who voted against the bill then before them, would betray the confidenc ^. reposed in them by their consti - tueftts. He should certainly vote against the bill in its present form; but he was not consciousof betraying that confidence which his constituents had thought proper to repose in him. Could the honourable gentleman declare hirgfelf, that the part which he had taken ia this debate would meet with the approbation of his own constituents. } He had the hp - nour of being one of his constituents, and he declared that he did not approve of his political sentiments. In speaking his opinion, that night. Sir Francis said, he was convinced j that he should speak the sentiments of those who had lent ! him to that House, for his constituents were friends to the King, and to the constitution. With regard to the bill then before them, he would freely confess that there were par# of

, it

A. 1781, D E B A T E 6. 4J

it which he very" much approved, though the greatest part of it, he owned, he disliked. If the honourable gentleman could be persuaded to make the alterations proposed by an honourable friend of his [ Sir William Dolben ] who had fpo - ken lately, he would give it his hearty assent and approbation.

Sir Francis declared he objected to many parts of the bill in its pfefent form, particularly to that part of it which proposed a redu£Hori of his Majesty’s houshold, because he did hot imagine that the establishment of our present Sovereign fcas in any respect larger than that of former kings of this country had been; and because that the inconvenience attending such reduction would more than overbalance any advantage that could arise from the small saving proposed to be made by it. Great pains, he observed, had been taken to prove, that the petitions presented to the late Parliament, expressed the sense of the people. This assertion he did not think Was founded in fa& : it was fresh in all their memories, that the meetings from whence many of the petitions were sent, were convened without the concurrence of the sheriff, whole presence he had always imagined to be necef - fery to constitute a county meeting : and he did contend that the resolutions of a meeting where the sheriff did not preside, were in no respect whatever binding on the county at large : but meetings were not only convened without the concurrence of the sheriff, but convened also at a short notice by gentlemen who thought it their interests to procure petitions to Parliament : at many of these meetings, only the tenants and immediate dependents of the gentlemen who Were most active in framing petitions, attended, and the petition waa in many places voted and sent to London to be presented, before a tenth part of the freeholders even knew that such a measure was in contemplation : many of these petitions were signed by people who bad no right to sign them and who had not, and perhaps cpuld not, read them. Sir Francis said, he was well aware that he should be told, that 4t that he had then said about the lat petitions, was asser - tion, which would be of no weight without proof; but if qjlted on, he was ready to produce proof, at the bar, that the Tyhich he had act ' erted really happened in more counties than one. He would wish then toafk the House whether this mode of obtaining petitions was not a daring infringement on the rights of British freemen, an infringement the more criminal, because it was made by those who called themselvea ' ( how justly he would not pretend to determine ) the friends and assertors of the rights and of the liberties of the people }

G 2, He

y

44

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

He held, that such a proceeding was a daring infuit to the le - giflature of this couritry, such a one a£ he thought should not pass unnoticed. If the gentlemen of the other lide of the House could persuade them, that meetings held in an illegal manner, and at a short notice, really expressed the sense of great and opulent counties, the freeholders of which, ( or the greatest part of them, ) did not know that such a measure was in contemplation, before it was too late, they might also persuade the House, ( which he suppoied they would be very glad if they could, ) that a minority was a majority and that they themselves composed the most virtuous, popular and independent opposition, that everexisted, or any other proportion equally absurd and ridiculous. From that Housej in his opinion, the sense of the people could only properly be collected; for was it to be supposed, that their constituents would fend those there, whom they did not know to be of the fame sentiments with themselves ? The late elections had shewn whom the people look upon to be the real supporters of them and their rights, and who they consider as inimical to their rights : but whenever the late elections were mentioned from that tide of the House, the voice of the county of Surrey, and of the city of Westminster, was immediately thundered in their ears from the other; the choice those places had made was so much boalted of, that an uninformed auditor would suppose, that whatever was the sense of the freeholders of Surrey, and of the housholders of Westminster, mult of course be the sense of the freeholders of Great Britain. The county of Surrey might perhaps think they had acted very handfomcly in chuling their new representative; other counties might think they had done full a ? well in chuling representatives of a very different stamp : but this would be mere matter ofopinion, both on one side, and on the other : the sense of the people of Great Britain could be bell known, by the votes of that House. He should have said nothing of Bristol, he should have thought it too delicate a subject even to hint at, if the honourable gentleman, who brought in the bill then before them, had not said that he could bear his re - jection there with temper and moderation : the honourable gentleman had told the House, that his rejection at Bristol, was no proof that the freemen of that city disapproved of hit bill, and he would own, that it was not politive proof that they did so; but the presumption that they disappreved of it, was very strong; for, as the honourable gentleman bill was before the last Parliament, he should have thought, that if the citizens of Bristol approved of it, they would on

their

v

A. i % iu

REBATES.

their rejection of him, have declared, that however they disapproved of his conduit in general, yet they thought he had acted well, in proposing the bill which was then before them : hut they had done no l ' uch thing : they had rejelted the honourable gentleman, and of course had declared, that they did not approve of the honourable gentleman’s conduit in the late Parliament; they had rejected him without any reserve, without any exception. A great deal. Sir Francis observed, bad been said in the course of the debate about the increased and increasing influence of the crown : that influence could potfurely be so very visible to every eye, as some gentlemen baa endeavoured to persuade the House, when the only proof produced, that such an influence really existed, fully convinced him that it did not exist; he meant here to speak of the resolution of the late Parliament, " that the influence of the crown is increased, increasing, and ought to bediminish -

ed. " If that influence extended so widely in that House as bad been asserted, he apprehended such a vote would never, have passed : but it {hewed rather a bad cause, when the honourable gentlemen of the other lide of the House had re - Qourfeto a resolution of a Parliament which they were con - femtly abuling : surely they could have very little faith in the determination of a Parliament, which they themselves, eve - xy day, declared to have been most venal an4 infamous. Sir Francis added, that he had already said, that he mud give his negative to the bill before the House, unless the alterations proposed by his honourable friend, were made in it; for, as l e disapproved the greatest part of the bill, he should not tfajnk, himself justified in voting for it, because it contained a ffW regulations which he very much approved.

. JUgnt hon. T. Townshend, in reply to Sir William Dolben, Right hon. i$d every thing that fell from a gentleman whole private Town - character had rendered him so amiable, that when he lb}icited to represent one county, he had been called on by a learned university, in the county in which he lived,

tp become its representative, was undoubtedly entitled to great respect; he nevertheless could not suffer such extraordinary language to fall from a gentleman, even of his high dbaralter, unnoticed. He did not know that any honourable gentleman was entitled to talk of opposition as the diicarded dependants on difcaided ministers. There were in oppofi - tk », gentlemen as respectable, as independent, and as virtuous, as any who voted with the minister; nor could he conceive that an attachment ' to those, whom the country looked up to for salvation, and who alone perhaps could bring

, it

# PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

it out of its present calamitous condition, was tb be thrown in their teeth as a matter of reproach, or as a matter of dif - grace; much less did she conceive that it was either fair of decent to assert that every man who a£ed in oppofltion to the meafuves of the present ministers was actuated by the impulse of disappointed ambition or avaricious anxiety. No gentleman had a right to question the manner or the cause of his election : he flood there as independent as any man in that House, and he would support the bill of his honourable friend, not merely because it held out a system of ceconomy ( though that was a pretty strong recommendation of it to his mind ) but because it went some way at least towards diminish - ing the dangerous and inordinate influence of the crown. It had been asked in the course of the debate what proof there was that the influence was increased ? Let those gentlemen look at xht encreased public expenditure; let them look at the nay, and the army, and at every department of govern ment ! Mr. Townshend pursued his argument in favour of the bill with much warmth, and before he fat down, took occasion to declare the great satisfaction he felt at the promising display of abilities, which the young members had that day made, on both fldes of the House. ' He said, he hoped he might be permitted to express the pleasure it gave him, when it was considered that those young members who certainly had not the least distinguished themselves that day ', were gentlemen with whom he was intimately conne£led in friendship and in blood. - % ll nirum lT William Dolben replied to the remarks Mr. Townshend

9 had made on what he had said, and declared he meant not

so give that gentleman, or any other, the least offence; that he had only professed himself willing to adopt a plan of reform and reduction of influence, if it was made general, and went to the influence of the aristocracy and democracy, as well as to the influence of the crown; and had said further, i that if it was asserted, that those who derived emoluments

from the crown, acted under influence of one kind, it was fair to say, that disappointed ambition, or avaricious anxiety might produce an oppoflte kind of influence, and therefore that the one side of the House was as liable tQ the imputation of being swayed by undue influence as the other.

S r George Tvngedefined the distin£tion between pre -

tng ' rogative and influence, and said, it was as much their duty to check and prevent the fraud of the latter, as it had been the duty and the care of their ancestors to resist the power of the former.

Mr.

A 1781. DEBATES *

' Mr. St. John, junior, spoke in favour of the bill. Mr.

Mr. Sheridan represended Mr. Courtenay e for turning every

thing that passed into ridicule, and for having introduced into the House a stile of reasoning, in his opinion, every way unsuitable to the gravity and importance of the subje£U that came under their discussion. If they could not act with dignity, he thought they might, at least, debate with decen -

cy. Mr, Sheridan said, he would not attempt to answer Mr. Courtenaye’s arguments, for it was impoflibleferioully to reply to what, in every part, had an infusion of ridicule in it.

Two of the honourable gentleman’s fimilics, however, he must take notice of The one was, his having insinuated that opposition was envious of those who balked in court fun - fhiue, and desirous merely to get into their places. He begged leave to remind the honourable gentleman, that though the fun afforded a genial warmth, it allb occasioned an intemperate heat, that tainted and infected every thing it reflected on; that this excessive heat tended to corrupt as well as to cherish, to putrify as well as to animate, to dry and soke up the wholesome juices of the body politic, and torn the whole of it into one mass of corruption. If those tiierefore who fat near him, did not enjoy so genial a warmth as the honourable gentleman, and those who like him kept dose to the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, he was certain they breathed a purer air, an air less infected and less corrupt.

Another of the honourable gentleman’s allqfions was not a quite new one—he had talked of the machine of Hate and of the drag - chain of oppohtion. He would only observe upon this, that a drag - chain was never applied but when a machine was going down hill, and then it was applied wifely.

As to any thing else the gentleman had said, he should not offer a reply, but should fit down with alluring the honourable geritleman that the most serious part of his argument appeared to him to be the moil ludicrous.

M. r. Ccurtenaye in reply, said, the honourable gentleman was Mr an enemy to mirth and wit in any house but his own.. He flopped by the chair, on account of the personality of the expression. ‘

Mr. : Charttris asked. Whether it became a man whose fa - Mr. Char ther was a lord of police, to support a bill, one objtfl of which was to abolish all these offices ? He also was told, that these personal allusions were disorderly.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland now rose, and bjefled Lord

to the bill, in all its parts. The principle he condemned, as being founded in injustice, in a violation of the contract which

4$ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 ;

which Parliament had made with the crown; and by which the crown had given up considerations more than adequate to the sum of revenue which it now enjoyed. That revenue was therefore to be considered as politive freehold, and as a personal estate, held under the faith and solemnity of a bargain made upon equitable terms. He did not deny the power of parliamentary resumption; they certainly had the right, but he could not divide his ideas of their omnipotence, from those of their justice and discretion; and he conceived, that they would at all times limit the exercise of their power within the boundaries of their wisdom. The consequences to be expected from tfiis bill, were not, in his opinion, adequate to the sum of injury, which it would commit in the - principle. ( Economy was undoubtedly an object of the most desirable kipd, and in our present circumstances, it was to be coveted and courted by every individual. But he submitted to the House, whether oeconomy might not be purchased at too dear a rate; when, for the fake of saving thirty or forty thousand a year, we were to lay violent hands upon property the most sacred, to abolish a number of places which had been created by the wisdom of our forefathers, to support the dignity and the lustre of the British crown; and which were now held by the first characters in the kingdom for services of a public nature, performed by themselves 01 by their ancestors. He then went into a long detail of argument on the several heads of the bill, reprobating theib all as improper to be complied with, but at the same time paying many compliments to the honourable gentleman who had introduced the bill.

Mr. Burie+ Mr. Burke rose directly, in answer to the Lord Advocate ?,

and in a speech of the most beautiful and nervous argument, in which the honourable gentleman’s aftonjlhing powers were warmed and roused by the debate, he combated every alter - tion that had been made against the right, the expediency, - or the advantage of the bill proposed. He did not omit any particular of the smallest consequence that had been advanced, j and declared, that he now saw the firm establishment of that influence, which it had been his wish and obje£ to diminish; and he should consider the issue of this struggle as the tri - j umph or the overthrow of parliamentary corruption.

The House divided at twelve o ’ clock on the second reading; for it 190, against it 233. The bill was then put off j to that day lix months.

The commissioners for Hating the public accounts presented the following report

To

v

A. 17. 81. D E A % S. 49

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

7i be Third Report of the CothmiJJtoner appointed to, take, and

/tatty the Public Jetounts of the Kingdom

HAVING, finished oof examinations of all those - public accountants that came to our knowledge in the first class, as far as relates to the balances of public money in their hands, we, in the next place, directed our attention to those accountants who receive public money out oLthe exchequer, by way of imprest, and upon account.

The certificate of the accounts depfnding ii\ the office of the auditors of the imprest, trani mitred to us pursuant to our precept, furnish - % ed us with a list of thelc accountants : as much of this certificate as relates to the subject matter of this present report, is inferred in the Appen - dtt *. We took them into our consideration, in the order Sn which theystand upon that certificate; a rule we pursue in regard to all lifts of accountants, unless there is some special reason for departing from it.

The let of accountants therein first mentioned, are the treasurers of the navy; and of thele, the names that stand first are the executors of Anthony Vifcoum Falkland, whole final account is dated the 4th of " Apnl 1689, and from whom a balance of twenty - seven thousand six hundred and eleven pounds six shillings and five pence farthing, is declared to be ' then due. We did not mil pend our time in a pursuit where there was so little probability of benefit to the public : a debt that has fabfifted for near a eentiiry, may be prelumed desperate. Faffing over therefore this article, we issued our precepts to Earl Temple, as representative of the late George Grenville, esquire; to Lord Vifcqunt Barrington, Lord Viscount Howe, and to Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, yirsprcUmtuiive of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot, for an account of the public money in their hands, custody, or power, as late treasurers of the navy. The returns made to our precepts are let forth in the Appendixf 5 from which it appears, that the balances of public money re - toaimngifttheir respective hands, upon the days therein mentioned, amounted together to the sum of seventy - six thousand seven hundred siboty - tfrree pounds eighteen shillings and one penny farthing.

That we might learn for what reasons, fervtces, or purposes, these Amis are permitted to remain in the hands of treasurers of the navy, so teog after they are out of office, tve examined several of the officers in •department, namely, ' George Swaffield, esquire J, cashier of the W&ealling; Andrew Douglas, esquire §, paymaster; Mr. Adam Jel -

No. h + No. a. t ho. 3, 4. $ No. 5.

Vol. 1I. H licoe.

50 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

licoe, chief clerk to the paymaster *, and Mr, Francis Cook, ledger writer f. By them we are 1 applied with the following information : The office of the treasurerof the navy is divided into three branches, the paymaster ’ s, the cashier ’ s, and the victualling branch. All the money he receives is for the navy services, and placed under or car -, ried over to one of these branches; the money in each branch is fubdi - vided, arranged, and kept under various different heads of services; the whole balance, at the time he leaves the office, continues to be liable, whether it be in his hands, or in the hands of his representatives, in case of his death, to the fame services for which its several parts were originally, destined; and the commissioners of the navy victualling, and sick and hurt offices, each in their several departments, continue to assign bills upon fiim for payment, until they have reduced his balance to such a sum as, in their opinions, will not be more than sufficient to answer purposes for which it has been usual to leave money with him, until his final account is passed. These purr poses are, first, to carry on the recalls upon those ships books which were open in his treasurership, and the payment of the half, pay lifts and bounties to chaplains. The ships books are usually kept open for •recalls, for seven or eight years after the expiration of the treasurership, in order to give those seamen who, by being either turned over to other ships, or employed in other places, could not attend at the time their ship was paid, an opportunity of receiving their wages when it is in their pqwer to apply for them. 1 he only fund applicable to this service is the money in the pay branch, placed under the head of < c To pay Blips, and carry on recallsthis service is at an end when the ships books are made. up. They are made up as they come in xcourse in order of time; and after the last is doled, the half pay lifts - are also closed, and the payment of the bounty to chaplains ceases.

The other purpose is to pay the fees and expeqees of carrying on, making up, and passing his accounts. Upon passing every annual a ^. - - jcount, feesvarepaid to the auditors of the imprest, out of the money ip, his hands, under the head of u To pay exchequer fees, and other. contingent expences of the pay officebut upon passing his final account, thpre is a gratuity also paid in the following manner : the offi - cers and clerks who transact the business of the treasurer in office, carry on also at the same time, and finally make up, the accounts of the treasurers our. of office; for which extra work they have no salary or ( Tecorapence whatever, until the final account is ready to be passed, at i; w}iich time it has been usual for them, vby petition to the lords of the treasury, to obtain a reasonable allowance for their trouble, which has. feeeu paid them, by virtue of a treasury warrant, out of any money

6, 7, 8. f No. 9,

remaining

V

A. 1781. DEBATES. 51

remaining in the hands of that treasurer, under whatever heads of service it may be placed. This gratuity, together with the fees of passing the annual accounts, and for the quiet ! ' *, it is imagined, will exhaust the whole balance now remaining in the h : mds of Lord Temple.

All the ships books which were paid by Mr. Grenville, Lord Barrington, and Lord Howe, are made up, and consequently the balances which the three boards have left in the hand of these treasurers must be for the purpose of paying ' the fees and expences of carrying on, making up, and passing their accounts. Of Sir Gilbert Elliot’s ships books, five hundred and six are still open for recalls; and payments, if applied for, are made upon them once a week; and therefore, whatever sums {land upon his account, in his paymaster’s branch, under the head of wages, half pay, and boupties to chaplains, are still applicable to those services; and the residue of the money permitted to remain with him is for the purpose of paying the fees and expences of carrying on, making up, and passing his accounts.

How soon then will these several sums be wanted for this purpose } The accounts of the treasurers of the navy are made up and palfed as they come in course in order of time; the officers must finish one year before they begin upon another; and a subsequent treasurer’s account is never firiished till his predecessor’s is finally doled. The state in Which their accounts are, in the office of the auditors of the imprest, is this : the last which is declared is Mr. Grenville’s ' account for the year 1758 : 6f alL the subsequent accounts, only some sections of their re - fj > c£tive navy and victualling ledgers are delivered into this office; which parts of the treasurer’s accounts are usually sent thither as speedi - ly as they can be made up after the year expires.

From an account of the balances remaining in the hands of thelc treasurers, at the times they respectively cealed to be treasurers f; and an account of the times when their last ships books were made up; and a state of Mr. Grenville’s balances |, and of the balances of Lord Barrington, Lord Howe, and Sir Gilbert Elliot §, every year finee they severally went out of office, all transmitted to us from the pay office of the navy, pursuant to our requisitions, we find that Mr. Gren - ville resigned this office in 1762, and his last Blip’s book was made up in 1771; that Lord Barrington resigned, this office in 1765, and his last ships book was made up in 1775; that Lord Howe resigned this office in 1770, and his last ship’s book was made up in 1778; and that Sir Gilbert Elliot died in 1777 : hence it appears, that for near nineteen years there has been in the hands of Mr. Grenville, or of his re - pwfentatives and for fifteen years in the hands of Lord Barrington, and for ten years in the hands of Lord Howe, and for three years in

No. 10. f No. it } No. 2. § No. 13, 14, 15.

H 2 th

5 *

P A R L I A M E; N TARY A. 1781.

the hands of the representatives of Fir Gilbert Elliot, cofcsiderable fftms of public money ( exclusivepf the sums on the heads, of wages, half pay, and bounty to chaplains ) destined to purposes which ( except the passing three years of Mr. Grenville’s accounts ) have not yet existed, apd which, if w. e may judge from the progress hitherto made in paf - jibg these accounts, are not likely loon to txift.

Where public money is appointed for a service or purpose toarife at a future time, we are of opinion, "the public alone ought to have the custody and use of that money, in the mean time, and until the service of purpose calls for its application.

When the fees and the gratuity become payable, we fee no reason why the treasurer in office should not pay them, in like manner as the freifurers out of office pay them now.

We did not form our opinion upon these balances without first hearing the late treasurers themselves, or the representatives of those who are dead; and therefore we examined Earl Temple, Lord Viscount Barrington, Lord Viscount Howe *, and Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet f; notone of whom made any objection to paying their balances into the exchequer, upon condition, some of receiving their, others of

being made secure in such payments. We do therefore conceive, that the balances of public money, now remaining in the hands of Earl Temple, as representative of the late George Grenville, Esquire, and in the hands of Lord Viscount Barrington, and of Lord Viscount Howe; and of Sir Gilbert Elliot -, Baronet, as representative of Sir Gilbert Elliot, late treasurers of the navy, ought to be paid into the exchequer, for the public service, leaving in the hands of Sir Gilbert Elliot the sums in his account placed under the heads of wages, half pay, and bounties to chaplains, to carry on the services to which the fhme are applicable; that such payments should be without prejudice, and a proper security and indemnification be given to each of them atgainst any loss or detriment that may accrue to them in consequence of such payments.

The right honourable Welbore Ellis, the present treasurer of the - nay, returned to our requisition J, a balance in his bands upon the 3. 1ft of August last, of three hundred forty - eight thousand nine hundred forty - one pounds eleven shillings and nine pence. The act directa us to examine into all balances in the hands of public accountants, for the purpose of considering what sum may be taken out of their hands, tdbe applied to the public service. It is obvious, we could; not examine the balance in the hands of the treasurer in office with this view; it could not be in our power to say, that any part of it ought to be paid back into the exchequer, because, in an office of; so constantand

No. 1, 6, 17, iS, No. 19. \ No - a©.

large

X

A iy81 DEBATES *

large an expenditure, this sum must probably be exhausted, evsen while it was under ogr eonlideration; but it was competent to us, and we thought it our duty, to examine whether this was a larger sum than the current business of the office required should at that time be intruded to the treasurer of the navy. A coroparilon between the quantum of the lum, and the demands upon it, would enable us tp form fom judgment upon thisi point; with this view we examined the present treasurer himself, Timothy Brett, Esquire, commissioner of the navy, and comptroller of the treasurer s accounts, John Slade, Esquire, f commissioner of the victualling, and John Bell, Esquire, J commissioner of the lick and hurt; from whom we collect the following information.

All the money received by the treasurer, for the services of the navy, is either issued to him out of the exchequer, or paid to him by fondry persons, ' in pursuance of the directions of the navy, victualling, or lick and hurt boards. The money from the exchequer is if sued to him, and arranged in his accounts under various heads of fervid ecs; thele heads are kept distinct; and he cannot place or transfer a fiim issued to him under one head, to any other head Of service. All bills assigned upon him for payment by thele boards, specify the cor - respondent head of service out of which that bill is to be paid, and he mult not pay it out of money placed under any other head of service than that so specified on the bill.

When money is wanted, the application for it never originally moves from the treasurer, except in the single instance of money to pay fees, and other contingent expences; this he craves of himself, whe® that fund ia nearly exhausted; in all other cases, the board, in whole department it is, by letter, delire him to present a memorial to tho lords of the treasury, speeifying the sum wanted, and for what ' particular service; the memorial pgrfucs the letter, and the issue is directed from the exchequer in the terms of the memorial. The treasurer immediately certifies to the navy bo rd the whole sum he receives, and to the other boards, so much of that sum as concerns them; he abb transinits to the navy board an account of all his receipts and payments in the cashier’s and victualling branch every fortnight, and fh the pay branch every month; by these means they have an exact knowledge of the date of his balance under each head of service. Each of these boards enter in their books all the assignments they make upon him for payment; of which they transmir to him a list; he nee. they know what the a&uai demands upon him amount to; and, from their experience in the coarse of the navy business, they can form some conjecture relative to the probable approaching demands that may be made upon

s '. -

No. si, st f No. 23. No. 24 *

' •.. him

( ^.

( 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

him in the various branches of the service. By such knowledge and conjecture these boards are guided in their directions to the treasurer, as to the, time when, the quantum of the sum, and the fetvice for which, every application for a supply is to be made to the treasury.

> At the end of every month, the navy board transmit to the treasury a certificate, containing an exact flite of all the receipts and payments made by the treasurer during that month, as they appear from their books; hence the lords of the treasury have full knowledge of the Hate of his balance every month : this certificate for the month of August last we procured from the navy office, on which the balance in the hands of the treasurer appears to be two hundred sixty thousand ( even hundred sixteen pounds one shilling and eight pence farthing. Being made acquainted thus far with the course of business in this offipe, our next step was to resolve this balance of three hundred forty eight thousand nine hundred forty - one pounds eleven shillings and nine pence into jtsconftituent parts, and compare the quantum of each part, as far as we could, with the actual and probable demands of service upon it on the 31st of August, the date of his return.

♦ The first circumstance that engaged our attention, was a difference between the treasurer’s balance and the navy balance, upon the fame day, the 31st of August, the former exceeding the latter by the sum of eighty - eight thousand two hundred twenty - five pounds ten shillings and three farthings; this difference lies in the cashier’s and victualling branches, and arise from the following cause - —When the three boards assign bills upon the treasurer for payment, they immediately give him credit for those bills, in his account kept at their offices; but the treasurer does not himself take credit for any bills in his own account till he actually pays them. The persons who receive these bills do not always immediately present them to the treasurer for pay - inent, but frequently keep them in their possession for a considerable time. The treasurer’s balance must therefore exceed the navy balance as much as the sum of the bills assigned upon him for payment, exceeds the sum of the bills actually paid by him. We conceive this excess is not money for which the treasurer is accountable to the public, b& ' t belongs to the proprietors of those bills, and remains in his hands, at their risk, until they apply to him for payment. This sum, therefore, we think, should be deducted from his balance.

We, in the next place, observed that several sums in each branch Were not actually in the hands of the treasurer, but of his officers and clerks, either carrying on services in London, or at the distant ports, whither these sums were directed to be sent by the navy board, to carry on the services at those ports : it may reasonably be presumed that the boards would not have directed into the hands of the officers, nor the

No. 25.

treasurer

x

A. 1781. DEBATES. « 5U

treasureF have intruded them with, larger Turns than were wanted; and therefore theie Turns, too, may be deduced from the treasurer’s balance; yftich will reduce the public money actually in his hands to the sum of one hundred twenty - eight thousand eighty - three pounds sixteen shillings and ten pence farthing, as appears by the date inleFted in the Appendix. The condituent parts of this balance, under their several heads of service, confiding of a variety of articles, are dated in the navy certificate; some of them carry the appearance of having been applied for i ' ooner than the Services Teem to have required; but, upon examination, we find that the boards do not direct an application fora supply to any fund, until they know that fund is nearly, or likely fpon to be exhauded. The treasury are sometimes prevented from granting theiffue until many days after it is craved; and therefore the board are careful ro apply early enough, to guard against the hazard of a demand upon an exhauded fund. To search into the actual and proba - bledemands, at that time, upon each of these sums, was hardly practicable; lone circumdance alone might enable us to judge with sufficient accuracy, whether the sum total was too large or not; that is, in what time this balance was in fact jpaid away by the treasurer. It appear from his accounts for the month of August, that this whole balance and much more, was received by him during that month; and by hi accounts for the month of September, f transmitted to us pursuant to our requisition, it appears that not only the balance remaining on the 31st of Augud, but a much larger sum, was in fact paid away by him during the l ' ucceeding month. Considering, therefore, this sum b Itself, independent of, and unconnected with, his other receipts and payments, prior and subsequent to the date of this balance, we have no grounds to say that this individual sum, received in one month and paid away in the next, was more than the service required should be in the hands of the treasurer of the navy upon the 31 ll of Augud last.

But it was, necessary to extend our enquiry still farther. What i the amount of the sum that has been continually in the hands of thf treasurer of the navy, and has that sum been more than the current farvices required ? To come at this knowledge, we obtained from the navy office an account of the total sums received and paid by the treasurer of the navy for every month, from the ift of January 1779 t die 31st of Auguli last, with the total of the balances remaining m hi bands at the end of each month, as they appear in the monthly certificates, to the treasury.

As the public money should pass without delay from the pocket of the subject into the exchequer, so it ought not to issue out of the ex - v 1

♦ No. 4.. f No. t No. 48.

chequer *

- 56 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

chequer, cither before it is wanted, or in larger sums than the service forwhich it is issued requires. By this lad account, a very large iurrt has been constantly in his hands, during the period therein mentioned, exclusive of the amount of bills assigned upon him, bat not presented to him for payment. The principal cause of the magnitude of this balance, is the practice, in this office, of not applying money issued under one head, towards Satisfying a demand upon any other. head of service; the consequence of which is, when the moneys upon the account of any head of service is nearly exhausted, a l ' upply mud be procured for that service, how abundant Soever the Sums upon other heads of accounts, or the sum total of his caffi, may be. Were all the sums he receives ' toconffitote and be considered as one common general cash, and be applied indiscriminately to every Service, a much less sum than the lowed of the balances in the account last - mentioned would, in our opinion, Suffice to carry on the current Services of the - navy, even various and extendve as they now are. Tt would create no fctmfufion in the accounts; for the receipts and payments under each head of service might dill be kept distinct; and though the payments might frequently exceed the receipts on Some heads of accounts, yet the treasurer would not be without Sufficient cash, and the next issue from the exchequer would redore the balances. What the Sum necessary for carrying on the Service Should be, mud depend upon circumstances; it will be different at different times, and muff be left principally to the difcr6tion of those commissioners from whom the direction for Supplies move, who, being conversant in the business, can bed determine. ®ut, to enable the lords of the treasury likewise ro judge of the propriety of, arrd be a check and controul upon, the requisition, we are of opinion, that bdides the certificate Sent every month from the navy board, an account of the sum total of the balance in the hands of the treasurer of the navy should be inSerted in every application fora sup - ply to the treasury.

We have not been inattentive to defers we have observed in this office during the course of our enquiries; defeats which concern tire officer, the office, and the public.

The treasurer finds his business does not end with his office; his ' - accounts are dill open : he goes on, receiving and paying, until he ' feels himself, his family, and his fortune, fuhjefr to all the evils of "long public accounts far in arrear, and the difficulties of rendering am ccoijnt encrc&sing daily : he continues responsible for millions, without an expectation of obtaining his final discharge during his life.

The office is perplexed with the multiplicity of these accounts, — There are four didirict accounts, ot four ' treasurers of the navy, - at this time open at the pay office, and business is carried on upon every one of them at the Same fime, By the feme officers, when the current

3 bulinefe

V

for them all.

There have been issued to three of these treafuterS, fot the navy service, upwards of thirty - three millions, § the accounts of which are not passed; exclusive of above twenty - five millions to the late Mr. Grenville, whole final account is not yet settled; and of sixteen, millions to the present treasurer none of whose accounts could as yet be settled.

The navy accounts in July last, when the inipreft certificate wag transmitted to us, were in arreatin the office Qf the auditor of the im - prest twenty - two Years. This delay is occasioned by the accounts of subsequent years not being made up at the pay Officeof the navy, where there is a want of officers and clerks for this department. A sufficient number of persons, intelligent itt this branch, laould forthwith be provided by the proper authority with adequate salaries, for the foie puf - pose of proceeding upon, bringing forward, and making up these accounts, with as much dispatch as the nature of the business will admit;

By this delay in making up the accounts the public loses the use, at leaf !, of considerable sums of their own money; not that the principal itself has always been safe. A defaulter of above twenty - seven thousand pounds Hands at the head of the lift of treasurers of the navy topon the imprest certificate.

Wc enquired why a tireafurer, under the present constitution of the office, might not, upon his resignation, immediately pay over his balance to the successor, or into the exchequer and all the subsequent transafiions of office be carried on by the treasurer for the time being. Two reaforis Were assigned for the necessity of keeping open his accounts, though out of office.

ift, That sufficient time may be given to his fub - accountants t6 clear their imprefts.

The fttb - accountants are certainly ' very numerous; and as, according to the present mode of passing these accounts, they mull all be set irfuper upon the final account, Whs that account to be made up fooh ifter the expiration of the treasurership, it would be very voluminous and troublesome to the office. —But since the treasurer in office does now clear the imprefts of some of his predecessors, and can clear the imprefts of all and the three boards can, at their pleasure, call upon the fub - accountants to clear their imprefts, we do not think his reason con - dofive.

2d, That the payment of his ships books may be compleated.

A ship’s book is the voucher for the treasurer who pays it : two cannot pay upon the fame book; it would create confusion, as the payments of the one could nsot, without great trouble and difficulty, be distioguished from those of the other; it could not therefore be made

VoL. II.

§ No. 29.

1

a vouch -

s % PARLIAMENTARY A - 178,.

a voucher for two treafujers. To enable a treasurer in office to carry on the payment of a ship’s book open in the time of his predecessor, the names of all the seamen not paid must be abstracted, and entered in a new book; a work of great labour and length of time, where the books are so numerous; and during all that time no payment of wage could be made to the seamen unpaid upon those books.

Upon the examination of a ship’s book, there appears a foundation for this objection, which opens a door for a possible mischief, worthy consideration. It is in the power of a treasurer of the navy, retiring in disgust, to refuse carrying on any more payments, and by that means to put a flop, for eight months or more, to the payment of all the seamen on the numerous volumes of drips books open at the several ports in his treasurership, Mr. Grenville left open above thirteen hundred. This evil does not rest in speculation : we have an instance of it in evidence. The office that does not guard against the possibility of such an evil, is fundamentally defective. *

. These defers should be speedily corrected. To alter the constitu - tion of the office; to abolish the subordinate treasury; to render a treasurer the mere accountant; and to vary the mode of accounting, carry with them a strong appearance of an effectual remedy : but were ' we, in the present state of our enquiries, to come to deciuons of such moment, we should be premature, perhaps radi. It is easier to see the defeats than to supply the regulation. The pay of the navy is an important object; and any alteration in the mode should be well weighed before it is adopted; it should be traced through all its effects, and perfectly ascertained to be as feasible in practice as it is specious in theory. To disturb, to confound, or to delay ( effects not unfrequent, when novelty of form is introduced, and new principles applied to an old office ) might be attended with very serious consequences.

The defers to which we have alluded presented themselves in the course of an examination made, in obedience to the act, for a more limited purpose. Coming, howevej, before us, they are, in our opinion, too important to be paded over in silence : we thought it our duty to point them out, that, should they be deemed a proper subject for the exercise of the wisdom of the legislature, the solid advantages which would result to the public from their correction, might not be delayed. Had we protracted this report until we were possessed of materials for a well - grounded opinion upon these ' points, we must have. disobeyed the act, that enjoins us to report, in the first place, upon the balances in the hands of accountants in this session of Parliament, to the end that the public money, long ago issued, and still remaining in

’ No. 6.

their

U.

A. 1781. DEB ATES. $9

their hands, may, with all convenient speed, be restored to the possef - iion of the public.

Office of Accounts, GUY CARLETON, ( L. S. )

Bell - Yard, T. ANGUISH, ( L. S. )

March 6th, 1781. A. PIGGOTT, ( L. S. )

‘ RICHARD NEAVE, ( L. S. )

SAM. BEACHQROFT, ( L. S. )

GEO. DRUMMOND. ( L. S, )

APPENDIX.

No. 1.

- To the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer.

Trinity Term, 1780. WE hereby certify how far the several accountants have paired their account before us, to the end propels may issue again# defaulters, according to the course of the Exchequer.

Trafur&s of the Navy,

Executors of Anthony Vif - His final account, ending 4th April 1689, is de -. count Falkland. < dared, with a balance due from the account

1. tant of 27, 61 il. 6s, 5 d.

- f His accounts from 25th November 1756, his ft -

The Right Honourable cond appointment, to 31ft December 1758",

George Grenville. By J are declared. The navy and victualling led *

patent, dated 25th of No - gers part of his accounts, from lit of January vember 1756. 1759 to 31ft December 1761, are under exa -

mination.

rHas delivered his navy and victualling ledgers

Lord Viscount Barrington. P « t of his accounts, in he several years from « a J June 1762 to 31st of December 1764.

7tP x He hath delivered several fections of his navy

• une t I ' and victualling ledger ?, from ift January 1765

to 9th August following, f He has delivered several fections of his navy I and victualling ledgers, from 9th August 176$,

Richard Lord Viscount the day of his appointment, to 31S Decern Howe. By patent, dated ber following,

9th of August 1765. j He has delivered several fections of his navy 1 ledgers part of his accounts, for four yean, L ending 31ft December 1769. f Has delivered several fections of his navy and

Sir Gilbert Elliot, baronet. J victualling ledgers, from 19th March 1770, (. the date of his patent, to 31ft December 1777 X 2 N6.

o

o

cS

ft

An ACCOUNT

No. i.

Treasurers. GeorgeGrenville, Esquire,

of tbt Balanc ' d i the HauJs of tie late Treasurers of tie Navy from tie Returns i£.

foners appointed to examine, tdke % and fiate the Public Accounts of the.. " Cww"T ’

Dace of the Balance. oth June 1779.

31ft December 177

Lord Viscount Barrington, ift September 1780,

Pay branch.

•For wages — —

Half pay — -

Sick quarters •—

Cslhier ' s.

In the bank - 1—

Money and premiums —

Mr. Slade’s hands —.

Exchequer fees, &c. —

Victualling.

Balance remaining —

Pay branch.

For Wages —

Half pay

Sick quarters —

. Bounty to chaplains —

Cashier s.

For paying navy bills —

Exchequer fees, &c. —

Victualling. balanceremaining — -

Branch.

£ s. J.

1, 471 16 4{

193 l8 IO

103 9 10

1 954 4 8£ 362 9 ij

193 17 H

4. 96S 3 4

3 048 14

S3 3 3, t 3 8 219 — —

1, 307 9 3 5, 364 13 2

a.

- - - - - *, 769 5 —i

7, 475 4 i > *, 5 4 —

« 3, 801 - it 7

Total *

3

6, 573 2 5 3, 388 13 i

33, 769 7

Lord VifcoimtJHowe,

Sir Gilbert Elliot,

' O

o

- dBth August 17B0. 3Paybra « db *

For wages Yards Half pay

Bounty to chaplains

Cashier ’ s.

Tor payment of bills Exchequer fees -

Victualling. Balance remaining

26th October 1780. Pay branch *

For wages Yards Half pay Sick quarters r Bounty to chaplains

Cathier ’ *.

For payment of bills ' Exchequer fees

Victualling. Balance remaining

7 jj M3 3 f 1, 731 3 o

226 i 6

4rS99 4 9i 4 43 « > 7 4

- 9, 036 a sj

«, 8o7 3 xoj

‘ ~ 3. 06 M

a, - 70 19. 9I

» ® 4 7 i 874 6 5 46 14 - - 42 zo 6

*. 94 > 7 P4

io ', 447 6 9i 3. 7J1 13 4

14, 9® 19 t

— — — 7M 5 1 * i

37. 6 t

if 7 793 48 if

A. 1781,

0

6z PARLIAMENTARY

Np. 3.

J7 > ( E amination of George Swaffield, Esquire, Cajbicr of the the

Pay Office of the Navy} ( aken upon Oath, the 18 and 19 of October 1780.

THIS examinant faith, That he now is, and has been between seven and eight years, cashier of the victualling, under the treasurer of the navy, and that he has been upwards of thirty - three years in the pay - office of the navy.

That his buhpefs is to receive and pay all money ' issued to the treasurer of the navy 00 th head of victualling.

That t e office of the treasurer of the navy consists of three branches, the, paymaster ’ s, the cashier ’ s, and victualling.

That he superintends and takes care of the accounts of the late George Grenville, Esquire, and of Lord Vifcopnt Barrington, late trpafurers of the navy.

• That it is the practice of the office for the paymaster to superintend the ae - counts of the treafm ers of the navy, after they are out of office 5 and that, during Mr. Wallis’s time, who was paymaster to Mr. Grenville and Lord Bar rington, but very infirm, he transaded the business for him, and on his death the said business devolved upon him. ’ ’ ’

That he thinks the balance of one thousand seven hundred and sixty - nine pounds five shillings, returned by Lord Tenjpie to be in his hands as representative of George Grenville, Esquire, upder the head of wages, is not likely to be demanded on that bead, the books being all made up for that branch. # That in the ca&ier’s account, he think the balance of seven thousand four hundred and seventy - five pounds fourteen shillings and four pence halfpenny, will be exhaulted in fees and gratuities to be paid on passing the accounts; larger sums patted through Mr. Grenville’s hands, in the four last years of his treasurership, and the auditor’s fees increase in proportion.

That in the victualling branch he thinks there may be some few bills, but to no great amount, ( till to be. paid out of the balance of three thousand one hundred and fifteen pounds four shillings, remaining on that head, and that the residue will be exhausted in fees and gratuities. "

He believes that some sections of Mr. Grenville’s accounts for the years 1757 and 1758, were delivered into the auditor’s office soon after the expiration of those years, and that the voluntary charge, the account of payments of wages to seamen for the years 1759 and 1760, are not yet delivered in to the auditor, but are signed by the commissioners of the navy, and will be delivered in a few days, which will complete the accounts for these two years 5 that all payments by bills for both the navy and victualling branches, for the year 1761, have been delivered into the auditor’s office near eighteen years. It is a rule in the office, to fend in these parts ' of the treasurer’s accounts as speedily as possible after the year expires.

That none of the accounts for the year 1762 are as yet sent into the auditor’s office, that being Mr. Grenville’s final account, which is the most trou - blefome, and the office wiffies1 to have the former accounts cleared, before any part of the final account is delivered in, as the persons who have received money on account, and have not cleared their accounts are returned in the final account, and the treasurer then, and not before, takes credit for 1 ’ the

D £ A. 1 £ S 63

the Turns lie has advanced them, and all the transactions of his treasureribip are then finally closed.

That He believes all Mr. Grenville’s accounts, as far as relates to the trca - surer of the navy ’ 6 office, will be \n the auditor’s office before the end of the year 1782, ' and finished there by the end of the following year *

That the reason why the ships books, for the payment of seamen’s wages, cannot be delivered in along with those of the payment of bills, is, because they must be kept open to give the Teamen an opportunity to receive their wages; which they often cannot do, when the ships are ordered to be paid, being turned over to other ft ) ips, and dispersed in different parts of the world.

The ships books are gene lly kept open for recalls about seven or eight years, and are then made up as they come in course in order of time. When a ship’s book is once closed, no further payment can be made upon it, but the Jeaman entitled to his wages must apply by petition to the navy - board, who order the wages to be entered on the lift of arrears, and paid out of the money received on the head of wages; the treasurer’s account for any year cannot be made up until all the ships books of that year are closed; the same reason bolds as to the voluntary charge, that accounts cannot be completed until the ships books are closed.

When a treasurer’s final account is passed, he pays the balance remaining ia his hands in to the exchequer.

That a treasurer’s account must necessarily be kept open after he is out of office, to give time to those who have received money from him upon account, to clear their accounts; and that ( a treasurer’s account cannot be made up, and the balance paid over to his flftcessor, soon after he goes out of office, be - caofeof the trouble it would create to the office, and the delay of paying the seamen’s wages; as all the sums not paid by him must be extracted, and carried over to new books, to be paid by the succeeding treasurer; for different trtafurers cannot pay on the fame book, as one voucher cannot be admitted for two persons.

That this examinant believes Mr. Grenville paid in his treafunsrship between thirteen and fourteen hundred ships books, which were left open when he went out of office.

That the treasurer for the time being has no power to call upon any persons, to whom bills have been issued by way of imprest, to clear their accounts; that is the business of the navy, victualling, and lick and hurt boards.

k This examinant further faith, that as to Lord Barrington’s account, none of his paymaster’s accounts are yet in the auditor’s office; they cannot be lent in until Mr. Grenville’s accounts are settled in the treasurer’s office, as the clerks must finish one before they begin another.

That he thinks there may be some small demand still made upon Lord Barrington for wages, but to no great arhount; and the navy and victualling L boards may. still assign bills upon him for payment, so as to reduce his balance : to such sum only as shall be fi fficient to pay the expences of passing his ac - 1 counts; and they do exercise that power.

That he believes all Lord Barrington’s accounts will be complete in the auditor’s office within three years after Mr. Qrenville ’ 9 are finiffietl; and that, there are no other services to be carried on with these balances, except such as are above - mentioned. Gao. Swaffleu >.

Guy Carliton % T. Angvish, Rich. Neanret

Geo. Drummondr Sam Beach croft. Ho *

i

L

PARLIAMENTARY

A. iy$h

H

No. 4 ;

Tie further Examination ef George Swaffield, EfjUire; upon Oati, tit

ibtb February 1 81.

THIS examinant faith. That after a person has received roohey, by wdy, of imprest, from either the navy, victualling, or sick and hurt boards, he delivers in an account of his disbursements to the fame board. They settle his account; and if a balance is due from him to government, in the navy and sick and hurt offices, an entry is generally made at the foot of his clearing bill, ( hat such balance is to be paid in to clear the account *. This bill goes to the treasurer; wno receives that balance, either to clear the imprest, or, if the imprest was in a former treasurership to become a part of his voluntary charge. In the victualling office, they write to the treasurer; desiring him td receive the balance, in order to clear the imprest.

In the navy branch, alone, the number of imprefts is always great, and if a treasurer’s account was to be made up soon after his resignation, all those persons whose imprefts were ' not cleared must be returned, and ercry

imprest bill described upon his final account. The practice of the auditor’s office makes this necessary, and is one caofe of the delay in passing a treasurer’s final account.

The sum under the head of fees and contingencies, is applied by the ' treasurer in office to the payment of fees at the % reafury and exchequer, upon his 1 application for and receipt of money, and to the payment of other small incidental expences. After he is out of office, this sum is appointed solely to thfc payment of the fees of passing accounts.

When the voluntary charge of any year ' s account is carried into the office of the auditor of the imprest, the fees for passing that year’s account art then settled, and paid out of money remaining in his hands under the head of exchequer fees, &c. which sum they allow in his account The expence of procuring the quietus is paid by him in pursuance of a bill made out by the navy board, and assigned upon him for payment, out of the fame fund.

When the final account is ready to be passed, the officers and clerks who have carried on the accounts of a treasurer ever since lie was out of office; and who have no other reward or emolument for that business, petition the lords of the treasury for an allowance for this extra trouble, in proportion to the length of the treasurership, the sum accounted for, and the extent of the Account. The treasury refer the memorial to the auditors of the imprefi, td examine and certify whether the sum applied for be reasonable; and upon their report the lords of the treasury issue a warrant to the auditors, to allow that sum out of any money remaining in the hands of that treasurer; who pays it to the officers and clerks in pursuance of that warrant.

T. AnguiJhy; Geo. SwAFPiELtf.

A Piggott, '

Rich.

Sam. Bcacbcroft,

Gee. Drummond.

No. I V

V

A. 1781,

D E B ATE S.

Np. 5.

The Examination of Andrew Douglas, Esquire, to the Treasurer of the

Navy; taken upon Oath, 2 of October 1780.

THIS examinant faith, That he now is, and has been for upwards of tqn JIM, paymaster to the treasurer of the navy.

That he Superintends the accounts of Sir Gilbert Elliot, latp treasurer of the navy.

That, according to the report of the clerics of the office, from their hooks, thelaftie&ions of his vidua 1 ling ledgers, to the year 1778, were delivered in itttbe auditor’s office on, 17th June 1779.

That he cannot form any judgment when Sir Gilbert Elliot’s accounts will be finally puffed.

That het is informed, and believes, all the open accounts, of the treasurers of the navy are proceeded upon at the same time; but a subsequent tre - fortes account is never fmUhed until his predecessor’s is finally doled.

That the balance that was in the hands of Sir Gilbert Elliot, when h£s tttafitrdrfinp expired, has been reduced by payments made on the head of wages, ' navy, victualling, and sick and hurt bills, assigned by theie boards upon him for payment.

That the balance remaining is applicable to the several services for whiqh the money was granted, and the payment of the expence of passing his accounts.

That Jie believes the, expence of passing the late Sir Gilbert Elliot’s accounts will amount to Aye jthoufand seven hundred pounds and upwa « ds, be - tides the usual allowance granted to the officers and clerks employed in the treasurer office in settling the accounts, which he thinks may, according to former infiances, amount to foor thousand pounds more, and upwards.

That he knows of no rule which governs the navy board, as to the amount of the balance they permit to remain in the hands of a treasurer of the navy,. after be is out of office.

T. Anguijhi # Avdrew Douglas *

A. Piggott, *

Geo. Drummond,

Sam. Beachcroft.

No. 6.

The Examination of Mr. Adam Jelljcoe, Clerk to the Paymaster in '

Office of the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon Oath, the iyth of 03. 1780.

THIS examinant faith, That he now is, and has been for near four years, chief clerk to the pay mailer in the office of the treasurer of the navy, and that he has been in the pay office of the navy about forty years.

That it is a branch of his office to make up the ships book, ’ and to settle the accounts of the treasurers of the navy, ’ as far as relates to the paymaster ’ a branch.

That All the ibips books of Lord Barrington’s and Lord Howe’s treasurer - ships are made up *

VoL. ir. / K That

66 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

That the number of ships books paid upon by Lord Barrington, was six hundred and fetnenty - nine; and by Lord Howe, six hundred and twenty - five.

That Sir Gilbert Elliot, the late treasurer, paid upon eight hundred and sixty - four ships books, of which three hundred and twenty - lix are made up; that none of these books were begun to be made up until the treasurership was expired, in order to give time to the claimants to come in and be paid; he last book made up of Sir Gilbert Elliot ' s treasurership, was that paid in June 1772; that fliipa books are made up in course, in order of time; and that he believes it may be near three years more, before all the ships books in Sir Gilbert Elliot ' s treasurership can be made up.

That he remembers, when Sir John Rufhout was displaced from his treasurership, he refused to carry on any payments, and, in consequence, all the ships books in his time were abstracted, and the names of ' those men who had

not received their pay were taken out, and entered in a book, which was called the abstract of that ship ' s book. This work took, as he believes, about eight or nine months to perform, and nothing could be paid in the mean time on any one book, until the abstract of such book was completed *

That when the book are finally closed, he makes up the voluntary charge of the pay branch.

That the voluntary charge for the last half year of Mr. Grenville ' s tfea -

furership is just finished, and, the first year of the voluntary charge of Lord Barrington’s treasurership is drawn out, and part of the second year is nearly finished.

That the reasons why these accounts are so far in arrear, are, the great labour there is in making them up, and the great quantity of current business in the office; for it is the business of the fame clerks to make up the accounts of former treasurers, and to carry on the present business of the office.

Guy CarUton % Adam Jellicoe.

4. PiggOtty

Geo. Drummond,

Sam. Beachcroft.

‘ No. 7 *

The further Examination of Mr, Adam Jellicoe; taken upon 18

December 1780.,

THIS examinant faith, The ship9 books of Sir Gilbert Elliot ' s treasurership, that are ( fill open for claimants, are five hundred and six; payments are made upon these books once a week, to those persons who apply, out of the money in the, hands of the representative of Sir Gilbert Elliot, on the head of wages.

The sum of two thousand one hundred and seventy pounds nineteen shillings and nine pence three farthings, mentioned in the return made by Sir Gilbert Elliot to this board, dated the 16th of October last, on the head of wage9, being nearly exhausted, the navy bodrd, about five weeks ago, required the treasurer to crave from the treasury five thousand pounds as a sup - ply, to pay claims in the tteafurership of the late Sir Gilbert Elliot; which sum was obtained, and assigned by bill from the navy board upon the present treasurer, for payment to the representatives of Sir Gilbert Elliot, on the head of wages.

The

A/1781. DEBATES. 67

The navy, board do not direct the payment of wages out of any other fuhd iathe hands of the treasur ? r, than that under the head of wages; and that fund is applicable to the payment of wages only.

The sums under the heads of half pay, and bounty to chaplains, are applicable to any demands that may be made for those ' services upon the late uefefcrers, in like manner as the sum under the head of wages.

Guy Carle to ) Aj > AM JELLICOE,

T. Anguish )

A *

Rich Neave¥, -

Sam. Beachcroft,

. Geo. Drummond *

- No. 8.

Thefttrther. Examination of Mr. Adam Jellicoe; taken upon, the 19

February 1781.

THIS examinant faith, That when the time is ajme for paying a ship « wages, the captain fends his ship’s book to the navy board, where it is examined and corrected by the mutter books; and the wages of those officers who have been paid, and of those men who are upon that book, and have been either upon being turned over to other ships, or becoming unservice - ' able, or being dead, are marked off; the book is then returned to the commissioners office at the port where the ship is to be paid; the captain settles the day of payment with the commissioner, and for this service money is sent down by the treasurer to his pay clerks at that port, in pursuance of a minute of the navy board made for that purpose, a copy of which is sent to the trea - larer. This book, after the day of payment is over, remains in the pay office at the port, for the purpose of carrying on recalls, until the navy board orders it to the office in London, to be made up; and those books at the pay office, which are nota&ually making up, are ( till open for recalls. All payments after the fixed day of payment are filled recalls.

The half pay lifts open in a treasurership, continue to be paid upon by the treasurer, after he is out of office, until they are made. up, which is usually done after the ships books are doled. None of Sir Gilbert Elliot ' s half pay lifkare as yet made up.

T. Anguish % Adam Jellicoe.

A. Pigg U

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond *

No. 9.

The Examination of Mr. Francis Cooke, Ledger Writer in the Cnjbier ' i Branchy under the Treasurer of the Navy; taken upon, the of Nov. 1780.

THIS examinant faith, That he is one of the ledger writers in the cashier ' s branch, under the treasurer of the navy.

That it is a part of his business to see that the navy ledgers are fltode up, ah3, after they are examined and signed by the navy board, to fend them to the auditor ' s office.

K a That

6ff PARLIAMENTARY Jkvfl *.

That Lord Howe’s navy and lick andhurtfe6tions, to theendof the year 1679, are all sent to the auditor’s office; the abstracts for those years are in the pjy office, and he believes are finished; the fections for the year 17 79, which it the final account, are in great forwardness. He believes the abstracts of Lord Barrington ' s ledgers are not yet finished.

That the fections of Sir Gilbert Elliot’s navy and sick and hurt ledgers, for the years 1771 and r772, were sent into the auditor’s office in December 1774; those for the next four years are all finished, and signed by the n vy board, but not sent to the auditor’s office, because it is needless, as there are so many there not passed, and as the abstracts are none of them finished *

That the fections of Mr. Ellis’s navy and sick and hurt ledgers, for the years 1777 and 1778, are finished, signed by the navy board, and sent to the auditor’s office j those for the year 1779, are now under examination at the navy office,

Guy Carkton, F AN. C#6Jt£,

T. Anguijby Sam. Beacbcrcfty Geo. Drummond,

No. 10,

An Account of the several Balances remaining in the Hands the under,

mentioned \at the Time they respectively ceased to he Treasurtrs of His Majests Navy; viz,

Mr, Grenville’s ad treasurership, succeeded by Lord Barrington the ad June 1762. d,

Paymaster’s balance, 30th June L762 101428 3 aj

Cashier’s do. 14th June 176a 85958

Victualling do, do 46649 14 5

— - - - —2J4036 7 1

Lord Barringtons tteaterership, succeeded by Lord Howe the 9th August 1765.

Pay matter’s balance, 3 tft August 1765 54389 5 4 *

Cashier’s do. 14th 41977 3 8£

Victualling do. do, 36519 19 11

— - - - ——i - iu - urji886" 19

% Lord Howe’s trea/brership, succeeded by Sir Gilbert Elliot the 19th March 1770.

Paymaster ’ « balance, 31ft March 1770 44408 3 §

Cashier’s do, do. 24918 49

Victualling do. do# 9514 4 3

- - - - - 78840 14 - - 4

Sir Gilbert Elliot’s treafhrerfhipy succeeded by Mr, Ellis the 12th June 1777,

Pay matter’s balance, 30th June 1777 41153 12 I ! f

Cashier’s do, 14th 63927 18 ij

Victualing do, do, 26638 1 11

.. - 13 719 13—4

Taken from the certificate books remaining in this office.

Office ijtb Qjlo&er} ij$Q. ANDREW Douglas.

No *

A. ry&F *

DEBATES

f 60 -

No.

ii,

A Account of the ' Time when the loft Ship ' s Beck was made up in the -

Jbifs ef Mr. Grenville, herd Barrington, and Lord Howe,

THE last book in Mi. Grenville ’ treasurership, was made up in February 1771; the half pay lifts, lifts of officers, lifts for seamen removed from one fltip to another, See, were all made up in September 1771 *

The last hook in Lord Barrington’s treasurership, was made up in October 17. 75 5 a all the lifts ', &c, were completed in February 1776.

The last book in Lord Howe’s treasurership, was made up in March 1778; and the lifts, &c. were finally dosed in September 1778,

The number of ships books paid in the treasurership of the right honourable Welbore Ellis, to the 31ft An gull 1780, amounts to 824.

Trufury - Qjjkt of the Na % y, lyth February 1781, Adam Jsllicoe *

No. 12.

A State of the late Right Honourable George Grenville’s as Treasurer

of the Nany, at the following Periods

14 February 1781,

£• r. d -

1762 68640 — 11 i

1765, 7681 11 7i

1764 3359 ° 25 3 9f

176s 21514 io

1766 16049 18 7f

1767 13961 25

1768 5 57 7

! 769 177 ° .; $s 18 27 7{

1771 26294 8 "i

1772 26145 10 H

T773 25913 23 1®i

2774 14899 6 6

2775 1776 132x0 15146 11 10 11 - 1

2777 12360 7 H

17 0 I2 « 6o 3 4 i

Geo. Swapfield.

No. 13,

*. fn Account of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Barrington, at the End of every, Jtnce he ceased to be Treasurer r the Navy, Prepared in pursuance of a Requiftion from the Commffiouers of ' uhlic ' Accounts, dated 2yd Infant, viz.

At the end of the year 176c 1766, 17&7

49798 4

31201 2

20448 pg

d.

11

At

so PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

26th February 1781,

£ So d.

At the end of the year 1768 19938 18 n

1769 18940 2 : 9I

1770 22974 ' 2 44

177 15788 6 xf

i ? 7 > 3574 7 TOi

13112 2 2r

177+ > 4599 2

> 775 14134 H i f

1776 14134 H nf1

> 777 ' 14026 6 74

> 778 13766 11 4

> 779 > 3763 7 if

1780 13027 8 7 *

Geo. Swaffield.

No. 14.

An Account of the Balance. remaining in the Hands of the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Howe, at the End of every, since he ceased to be Treasurer of the Navy. Prepared in pursuance of a Requifitioik from Public Accounts, dated the 23d Infant; viz. Commifjhners of f. s. d.

At the end of the year 1770 45939 5

77 43273 x3 "f

1772 39679 18 —f

7 73 3S8l6 3 9f

1774 36905 17 —4

77$ 3607O 2 2f

1776 35899 12 4f

1777 29 > 5I 3 I ° 4

1778 29133 9 44

> 779 23130 3 74

J780 18133 — 24

•6th February 1781. Geo. Swaffi ELD.

No. 15.

An Account of the Balance remaining in the Hands of the late Right Honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, at the End of every Year, since be ceased to be Treasurer of the Navy. Prepared in pursuance of a Requftion from the Comm ' fjioners of Public Accounts, dated the 2 3d Infant $ viz.

£. s. d.

At the end of the year 1777, 44, 186 6 6

, 1778, 30, 088 13 9

J779 > 9 > ° 76 9 3

1780, 29 488 7 of

•6th February, 1781.

Geo. Swaffield.

No.

V

A. I7&I.

7

DEBATED

No. 16.

The Examination of the Right Honourable Earl Temple, taken upon Oath tb&id of November 1780.

HIS Lordflrip faith; That the sum of twelve thousand three hundred and sixty pounds three shillings and four pence three farthifkg9, mentioned in the return, made by him to the board on the 13th of October lad, is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, the whole. - balance remaining in his - hands, as personal represen tative of the right honourable George Grenville, as late treasurer of the navy.

That he knows of no other public services to which the sum in his hands is applicable, except the services for which it was granted, and the feet of pafHng the accounts.

• That it would be his mod earned wife, to be allowed to pay it into the exchequer, upon two months notice, and having his quietus.

Guy Carleton % NUGENT Temple.

- T. Anguijhy

A. Eiggott,

Geo. Drummond,

No. 17.

1

Tbt Examination tf the Right Honourable Barrington taken upon

Oatby the ] thos November 1780.

HIS lord ship faith. That the sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred and sixty - three pounds seven shillings and one penny three farthings, mentioned in the return made by him to this board upon the aid September last, is, to the bed of his knowledge and bel ef, the whole balance then remaining m his hands, as late treasurer of the navy.

That he knows of no other public service to which this sum is applicable in his hands, except the services for which it was granted, and the fees of passing his accounts. v

That he has no objection to pay the balance into the exchequer, when he can do it confident with his own safety, as an accountant to the public.

T, Anguijhy Barrington.

Sam. Beachcroft

Geo. Drummond,

No. c8.

% e Examination of the Right Honourable Lord Howe; upon

Oath, the ytb of November 1780.

HIS lordship faith, That the sum of twenty - three thousand one hundred and six pounds eleven - ( hillings and five pence three farthings, mentioned in the return made by him to this board upon the 10th August lad, is, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, the whole balance then remaining in his hands as late treasurer of the navy.

That

4

ja PARLIAMENTARY A. zySi.

That the above balance is Iblel/ applicable to the services specified in the said return.

That he is ready to pay the above balance into the exchequer, when {6 acquired.

Ti > Anguish, Howe.

Sam,

Geo. Drummond *

No. 19.

The Examination of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet• taken upon Oath, the d of

November 1780.

THIS examinant faith, That the sum of1 twenty - seven thousand five hundred aid firty - th ewpounds sixteen shillings and one penny j mentioned in the

return

1780.

No. 20.

State of the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis’s f as

Receipts and payments in the paymaster ’ s

July 1780

$th.

« 9th.

recalls To ditto To ditto

1780.

To balance of account, dated 31ft July 1780

August 3d. To cash received at the exchequer, on the head of wages, to pay ships and carry on recalls -

4th. To ditto, to pay bills of exchange and ' impress victualling

to pay necessary money, extra - necessary, and contingencies

F £• f. d.

9S < > 5® I OO Si

40000 OO OO

40000 OO OO

40000 OO OO

2I565O OO a

CASHIER ’ S

£. s. d.

135136 16 1Qt

40000 OO OO

17000 OO OO

5000 OO OO

7th. T#

A. DEBATE - S. 73

return made by his direction to this board on th4 ' T6fh of O ( Sober lift, is, to the beffc of hid knowledge and belief, the whole balance of public moqey then remaining in his bamfe, mthe personal reprefitntatiTC of the right honourable Sir Gilbert EUier a late treasurer of the i vy *

That be knows of another public farvigct tp which - thus sum is applicable in his hands, except the services for which it was granted and the fees ' of passing his accounts *

That he has no objection to pay the balance into the exchequer, upon having his quietus *

Guy Carletorty GILBERT ELLIOT.

Y. Anguijbs Sam. Beacbcrofty

Get, Drummond *. -

T *

Treasurer of the Navj for the Month of

branclp, between the ift and 31ft Aoguft 1780 *

1780 ' ‘ 1 ' jf. eL

Aoguft. By ca/h paid for w ges this month ' > 9 6 7113 16 jJ

Yards 1 ' f 30821. 6 a

Half pay 1177 4 3

9912 6 8£

Balance 31ft August 178a 116524 13 9I

15650 00

j£ ' r A

for wages 110281 7 9

yards - : 12 70 4 4

Half pay 4865 8 a}

Bounty to dhaplains 147 13 6

51

116 4 > 3 -

BRANCH.

17800 £ *. d £ $. d.

Aoguft. By perfect bills paid $94 74

By tmpreft bills paid 157910 a 6

— - — - - - — 752084 18 4

By perfect bills, sick and hurt, paid. 1376a : j j

By imprest bills, ftck and hurt, paid ' 995 ° 7

■ mi ., ' 33712 l8 OO

Vol. II L 3d. By

74 PARLIAMENTARY A.

1780. £. f *

August 7 th. Td rtceived kt the exchequer, ter pay three months course, eating joth of September tfj % 9 with hrterefl due thereon; viz. £. r. < /.

On the head of wear and tear 435640 00 o wages 4 59 3 4

transports 129770 00 o

victualling 311744 00 o

- - - - - 919413 $ 4

£. 600000 In exchequer bills.

319413 3 4 In money *

9 94l3 I, 4 loth To cm received at the exchequer, on the head of wear and tear, to pay im - prefts and bills of exchange 36000 00 00

' 14th. To cash of fobdries, towards clearing impress -, - (. .. 44 10.

To sundry abatements out of perfeift bills 240 8

To sundry abatements and bills taken in : t6 cleat impreftsL 7394

19th. To cash received at the exchequer for the

, -. .. .. .. .. following services s

• - To be impressed to Gabriel Steward,

, paymaster of marines t £. 6000

On the head of wear and tear.

To pay fees at the exchequer, and other contingencies of the pay office 1 - *, £ 3000

On the head of wages.

To pay flag pay, bounty money, &c.. 1 ' 1500a.

To pay billaibr pilotage 2000

Topay for substlencf of French officers and seamen 8000

— - - - 23OOOO j, r.

■ - - - 34OOOO ' OO OO

- 23th. To received at. the exchequer, to pay ships

and carry on recalls 40000 00 00

29th. To received at the exchequer, to pay ships

and carry on recalls 40000 00 90

31ft. To cash received of fundnes towards clearing impress 276 00 7

To cash received of fundnes for new and old flpres, •, 2819 17 1®

To sundry abatements out of perfect bills 122 6 6

To sundry abatements and bills taken in to clear impress - 35059 £ 2

£ > S9 SX3 8J

IN

le

7S

A. 17S1, D E ' BATE S.

1780.

Aug. jd. By case liked tofhe paymaster9on the head of

wages, to pay flupe and carry on recall 40000 00 00

4th. By cam ifluedto Mr. Swaffield, on the head of v&faalltng, to pay hills of exchange nod im - pitfi - - v 17000 00 00

By do. to do. Ar naodfiny, aaw nrrrffiiry mower, and contingnaeiea - goooo 00 do

, 7th. By issued to do. on the head of ildsaUing, to pay three month coorfc, ending 50th Sept.

1778, wMt mart doe tfceneon 511744 00 00

£. 20400b 4o no in exchequer bilk.

107744 ' 00 no la money *

311744 00 00 15th. By. issued to the paymifler, to pay ( hipa and

carry on recaUt - 40000 00 00

19th. By liked to do. to pay ships and carry anrocalU 40000 00 00

Balance < $2972 00 44

if. 39 513 16 8}

Whereof £ :

In the hank - 1174 9 11$

Money and premium 4077 52

Mr. Slade’s hand 25730 7 H

Exchequer fees 57 6 16 3

9 ' '

£‘ 5 97 < > 41

La

BRANCH

? 6

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1781.

IN THE VICTUALLING

1780.

August. To balance of - account, dated $ift July £ « /,

- : 1780 - - - 60579 11 3i

4th. To cafc recei at rivets chequer, tapay

' bills of exchange and impicftt 17000 oo 00

To do.. received at do. to pay necessary, extra - aecefiary money and contingencies 5000 00 00 7tV : To received at the exchequer in exchequer

bills ? £, 204000 00 00

In money 107744 00 00 To pay three months course, ending 50th September 1778, with sneered due thereon $11744 0® 00

31ft. To calli received of sundries for old&eres,

offidl, &c. fold ' - 4945 is ij

To sundry abatements out of perfect bills 123 18 6}

— To - sundry abatements, and bills taken in

to clear impreiis - 29302 19 10

£• 428676 2 9J

No.

t

7be Examination of the Right Honourable Welbore fillis, Treasurer of the Navy; taken uponOathy the 8 thand io of November 1780.

THIS examinant faith. That all sums of money received by the treasurer of the navy from the exchequer, are issued to him under distin£t heads of services, and that he is strictly forbid, by his instructions, to transfer sums issued on one bead of service to any other head of service; if the sum granted for one service he nearly exhauited, a supply for that service mud be procured, though he has large sums in his hands under other heads of services.

That no demand on the treasury moves originally from the treasurer of the navy, independent of the navy, victualling, and sick and hurt boards, except the sums requisite for the payment of exchequer fees, and other contingencies at the pay office.

When the sum received for any other particular head of service is nearly exhausted, a letter comes from the navy, victualling, or hek and hurt boards, each for their respective departments, to the treasurer, requiring him to present a memorial to the lords of the treasury, speci fying the sums required, distinguished under particular heads of services; that thereupon a memorial js drawn up, atcerding to ifee exact words of the letter, and, ' together with the

77

A. i ? 8r. DEBATES.

BRANCH.

1780,.

AuguiL By paid perfect bills. - -

By paid to purfert of his maicfly’s ships in ordinary, on quarterly bills assigned for parent

Balance

Remaining

£• /•

349021 5 8

108 19 7

349 3 5 3

79444 x7 H

428676 A 9 *

Welbore Ellis Do. of Mr. Swaffield

Balance of the pay branch of the cashier’s do. of the victualling do.

Total balance 4

£ - d.

49549 5 J,

19893 2 3 i

79444 7 H

116514 9 *

15197 00 4 *

79444 f7 H

548941 11 9

the letter, is presented by the paymaster to the treasury; who direct the issue eiadly in the form of the memorial.

That the paymaster, on the - receipt of the mooey, immediately certifies the whole to the navy board; and the respective parts which regard the victualling and lick and hurt boards, to them also.

That; the navy board has fall knowledge of the receipt and expenditure of the money in the hands of the treasurer; of the receipt, by these certificates; of the expenditure, by their own books, in which are entered every bill, order, or assignment, given on the treasurer for payment, under the respective heads of servie *; tad by the accounts which the treasurer transmits to the u vy board once a fortmgltt, on the head of victualling and cashierVbranch, andonce a month on the pay branch. These accounts are compared with, and tauft agree exactly with their own books; and from thence mail appear the balances on each respective head of service.

That he does not know of any rules which govern the navy board in their direction to him to apply to the treasury for money, except their knowledge of the actual or approaching ferrices, and of the exact date of the balance in his hands under each head.

That, upon application to the lords of the treasury for a supply of money, they do not, to his knowledge, examine into the ft ate of the balance in the

hands

L

? 8 PARLIAMENTARY A, 478i.

hands of the treasurer; but he is informed, and believes, that they have an exalt account of it, by the means of a paper transmitted monthly from tfif navy board, containing an account of the cash received by the treasurer, and the alignments made upon, him by the several boards for payment *

That, to the best of his knowledge and Belief, the several sums of one Iran dred and sixteen thousand five hundred and twenty - four pounds thirteen fhil lines and nine pence halfpenny, in the paymaster’s branch; of one hundred and fifty - two thousand nine hundred and seventy - two pounds and four pence three farthings, in the cashier’s branch; and of seventy - nine thousand four hundred and forty - four pounds seventeen shillings and sixpence three farthings, in the victualling branch; making together three hundred and forty - eight thousand nine hundred and forty - one pounds eleven shillings and nine pence, mentioned in the returns made by his order to this board on the 31ft August last, was the whole balance for which he was then accountable to the public as treasurer of the navy.

That of this balance, the Aim of twenty thousand two hi&dfed and two pounds seventeen shillings and eleven pence farthing was in the hands of Mr Taylor, pay clerk at Portsnjouth; the sum of thirty - seven thousand and sixty - one pounds fifteen shillings and seven pence, in the hands of Mr. Lynch, pay clerk at Plymouth; and the sum of three thousand eight hundred and five pounds thirteen shillings and four pence halfpenny, in the hands of Mr. Mai pas, pay clerk at Chatham5 which sums were, at that time, balances remain ing in their hands of sundry payments ordered by the navy board for the use of those ports ' : that there was in the hands of Mr. Jellicoe, six thousand one. hundred and twenty - four pounds six shillings and seven pence three farthings, for the purpose of paying wages, ships, and recalls; in the hands of Mr Slade, twenty - five thousand seven hundred and thirty - eight pounds seven shillings and sixpence three farthings, and four thousand and seventy - seven pounds five fhil lings and two pence, m money and premiums, making together twenty - nine. thousand eight hundred and fifteen pounds twelve shillings and eight pence three farthings, for the purpose of carrying on the payments of three months course of the navy and other bills; in the hands of Mr. Swaffield, twenty - nine thousand eight hundred and ninety fire pounds two shillings and three pence three farthings, for the purpose of carrying on the payments of three months course of the victualling and other bills; which were the reasons why such large sums were permitted at that time to be in their hands : and in the hands of Mr. Douglas, five thousand seven hundred and twenty - six pounds sixteen shillings and three pence for carrying on the payments or exchequer fees and contingencies : which sums, amounting together the sum of one hundred and thirty - two thousand six hundred and thirty - two pounds four shillings and ten pence, reduces the above balance to two hundred and sixteen thousand three hundred and nine pounds six shillings and eleven pence.

That this balance is only applicable, in his hands, to the respective fervi tfes for which it was issued.

That, in his issues of money Co the chief clerks in the different branches, to carry on the current services, he is guided by their requisitton; which, in the cashier and victualling branches, is formed upon the amount of the daily assigned tiffs, transmitted from the different boards to the respective departments

a

A i ) 8r - IJ7 E B A T E S '

in the treasurer s office; which lifts contain a particular account of atl bills assigned on that day for payment; and in the pay branch, by a conjecture formed of the demands which may probably be made for paying of {hips, carrying os recalls, payment of the yards, and of half pay.

That bills assigned by the several boards, in their respective departments upon the treasurer of the navy for payment, are not always presented to him immediately after such assignment; on the contrary, they are frequently, by die various accidents of death, litigation, trusts, and executorfhipt, the absence or convenience of the proprietors, not presented for. payment until a coosiderable length of time afterwards.

That he does not know what part of the above balance of two hundred tad sixteen thousand three hundred and nine pounds six shillings and eleven pence had been assigned by the several boards for payment on the 3 iftof August last; bat that, by the monthly certificate lent by the navy board to the treasury for that month, it will appear what assignments had been made, and of what parts that balance is compounded.

Gay Car let on,. W. Euu.

T. Angutjb,

Pigrott, \

Rich•

Sam. Beachcrofty

Go. Drummond•

No.

The Examination of Timothy Brett, Ef One of of itr

Navy, and Comptroller of the Treasurer of i taken ufo *

Oaf by the 29thand 30 tbof November 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that he is comptroller of the treasurer of the navy’s accounts. 4

That the navy board transmit every month to the treasury a certificate of the receipts and payments by the treasurer of the navy, under the respectvc heads of Cervices.

That the Yi&ualfrag and sick and hurt boards fend the like accounts to the navy board, which they include in their certificate, to the inrent the treasury may have full knowledge of the sums, under their several heads, in the hands of the treasurer of the navy. The navy board has the fame knowledge, from the certificate sent thera - by the treasurer every fortnight.

That the navy board desire the treasurer to apply to the treasury for fuels sums, and for such services, and at such times, as they, from their knowledge of the demands for those services, judge will be wanted.

That the difference between the treasurer’s balance and the navy board balance, in the hands of the treasurer, on the 31ft August last, in the ca{hier a branch, arises from bills assigned by the navy board upon him for payment, and not presented to him.

That upon the back of every bill assigned upon the treasurer for payment, is iodorfed out of what fund it is to be paid.

4 That

80 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

That in the caftuer’s branch, alignments are continually making by the na - vy and sick and hurt boards, for payments out of the several funds which constitute the balance appearing to be in the treasurer’s hands in that branch; and in the pay branch, the navy board are continually making alignments of tickets for payments, and directing payments of ships, for which there were open, on the 3 ift of August, eight hundred books and upwards.

That part of the fund of old stores is appropriated for certain payments, and the navy board reduces the remainder, from time to time, by their a£ - signments, as they in their discretion think proper.

That as to thd sum of thirty, six thousand pounds, which appears to be received in the cashier’s branch on the ioth of August, and no part of it to be paid away in that month, the treasury was applied to for that sum on the 8th# ' andifluedit upon the xoth; whereas it frequently happens, that the sum is not issued until eight or ten days after it is applied for; and it appears that in the next month this whole sum, and seventeen thousand eight hundred pounds and upwards of another sum of thirty - six thousand pounds, was paid away for the fame service. 7

Guy Cartoon, T. Brxtt. T. Anguish

A. Piggotty

Sam. Beaebcroft.

Geo. Drummond

No. 3.

fie Examination of John Slade, Esquire; One of the Commissioners of the Pit tualling Office; taken upon Oat by the $tb of December 1780.

THIS examinant faith, that the difference between the treasurer’s balance and the victualling board balance, in the haiuls of the treasurer, on the 31st of August Uft, in the victualling branch, anses from the bills assigned by the victualling board upon him for payment, and not presented to him I they are outfiapding bills, payable at fight, remaining in the hands of the proprietors.

The treasurer never alks for money, in the victualling branch, but by di - rection of the victualling board; when the comptroller of the treasurer’s accounts finds a fund nearly exhaufied, he informs the board of it, and, in consequence of that informaiion, they direct the treasurer to solicit a supply for that fund.

The sum received by the treasurer, are kept under a variety of heads of service; the bills assigned under these heads of service are kept quite distin&, and bills under one head of service are never &isigned upon a fund under another head of service, except in the case of old stores, upon which fund bills under any other head are assigned, according as they may be wanted. The fund of old stores arises from the sale of decayed stores in the victualling branch, and the board directs the treasurer to receive from the purchasers the sums those stores are fold for.

A

v

r > E B A T E S

fem ’ of seventeen thoofond pounds to pay iaapreft and bills of ex - ifWg in the navy certificate to have been obliged on the 4th of part of it exhausted at tb$ $nd of the month, it appears from the chief clerk of the comptroller, that this sum was applied 1 ft of July, and received fb soon after as the 4 : ! ' of August, tfeafury requentlyTlo not issue the sum applied for until ten day it afterwards.. When that sum was applied for, bills of exchange unt, 0$ thereabouts, had beep presented to and accepted by the ft appears that a great part of them were paid the beginning of Bill oi exchange, are preferred to the board every day for ac -

Cazlcton, finguish,

Drummond

J. Si A D

No. 24 *

The Examination of John Bell, Esquire, one of the Commissioners of the Sick and Hurt Office; taken upon Oath, 1780.

THIS examinant faith. That when a supply of money is wanted for the service of the sick and hurt office, the board, by letter, desire the treasurer of the navy to apply to the treasurer for such a sum as they, to the best of their judgments, think will be wanted under each particular head of service, which iums they endeavour to render as small as possible; out of these sums the board assign bills upon the treasurer for payment, which bills are payable at light, and it is directed upon each bill out of what sum it is to be paid. Each head of service is kept as distinct as possible, both as to the bills assigned, and the funds out of which they are to be paid.

The board takes care that the treasurer has constantly in his hands a sum, in each branch of service, sufficient to answer the probable demands upon him for that branch.

Guy Carleton, J Bell,

T.

A. P iggott

Rich. Neave,

Geo. Drummond.

No, 25.

See the annexed

Vol. 11; m

Navy

fc PARLIAMENTARY A

Nay, Office, An Account of the Monty the Navy ' s

31ft August 1780. Navy BoarM, and iVagts paid by him to Ships gad Tards, the ift and of August 1780 *

Whereby be is Dr.

1780.

July 31ft, To balance tfien remaining - 956 0 pa

August 3d. To calli received, to pay ships and

carry on recalls 40000 00. - 00

35th. To ditto - * 40000 00 oo

? gth. To ditto r 40000 00 po

fa 1565 00 5I

> " " —. Jig

A. t7 i *

t > E B A ? £ Si

Paymafi&y h be waived by bjm; w/3 the Assignmenl of AiMs from tbt m Mfofuch other Payments as are mhtioikd in his Certificate between

PerCohtfa fey alignments from the navy board on bills By ditto on tickets hr lifts for ships before they are paid By ditto after they are paid - -

By ditto for yards before they are paid By ditto after they are paid - -

By payments for wages to ships, ordered to be paid By ditto by recalls

By ditto to widows and relations of registered fenmert

By dkto to yards, Deptford

By ditto, Woolwich

By ditto, Chatham

By ditto, Portsmouth

By ditto, Sheernest

By ditto, Plymouth * '

By ditto, Kinfale By ditto, Harwich

By ditto, remittance bills - -

By payments of bounty to seamen that enter theihfeirel voluntarily into the service By ditto of half pay to sea officers - -

By payments made by the pay maftef, according to hiscer tificates, viz.

Ministers e d. abated on ships books -

Dkto ott yard books - -

By ditto, viz. chirurgeons 2d. abated on veflereal fctfteS

By ditto, viz. ditto on ships books *

By ditto, viz. ditto on yard books

By ditto, viz. ditto on flop cloaths By ditto, for abatement on ships books for dead men’s cloaths - - -

By ditto, for ditto for tobacco -

By ditto, for ditto, for chest at Chatham

By ditto, for ditto, for Greenwich Hospital -

Cu

£• t. JU

30605 a

54 4 00

44 xo 11

42836 3 H

Balance

Of the above balance - remains for wages

Of ditto for yardS -

Of ditto for half pay

Of ditto for bounty to chaplains

30745 4 5

1926 $ t '

1177 4 3

221 7 9

■ 21 3 11

22 2 18 10

346 3 X

57 5 10

JOt 16 X

663 16 3

99123 6 H

116324 13 9 *

2I565O 00 si

£. 1 0281 1 9

1290 4 4

4805 8

147 3 6

£. 116524 13 9i

[ YBriltt, Q. Marsh *

M a

N y

84 % PARLIAMENTARY \ A, : i 5u

N avy Ofikc, An Account of the Monies the treasurer of the Navy ’ s

31ft August 1780# ether wife 5 with the Payments made by him pursuant to the

kof Augu/l 1780.

• The Treasurer, Dr.

1786. ( £. s. A *

August. lit. To balance of the preceding account - $3773 4

To received of William Painter, /or fwet -

ings sold by him between 1 ft July and

v 30th September 177. 9 - r 16 - QO

ad. Duto of James Young, for chips, fold tye -

tween 1 ft July knd 30th September 1779 4. &,

Ditto of Charles FianlUand, iw grains, do;

and do. - - 1© oi£

4th. Received in money out of the sinking fund,

anno 1780

, — - to pay bills of exchange and im -

prefts - £. 17000 00 00

. — - - - tQ pay necessary,

aridextra - necessary money,

and contingencies - 3000 00 00

- - - - -; - - - ~ V OO

7th. Received in exchequer bills for the service j of the year 1780, and charged upon the

rfirft supplies to be granted for the year ’ 1781 - £• 104000 00 00 *

In money out of the sinking fund, anno 1780. 107744 00 ©o

. 311744 ©Of tOO -

To pay three months course, ending 30th September 1778, with interest due thereon. frith - To received of sundry persons for old ftavcs, Sec ., sold by public sale, between 3d December 1778, and 30th September 79

30th. To received of John Knowh, ofh 9 M > ef - ty’s hired transport Admonition, he being so much debtor in the balance of his account for victualling soldiers between 8th February 1775, and i$th January 1779

To. over assigned, 5th July 1780 *.

4708 ' 5i

81 00 t r 34, 00 ©0

£ 37 547 Si

A. 7 « f. DEE. A. T. - E :. /; / '

Cafbitr fortTi& Victualtransm[^i]tt transmittling, to be received by him from the, or

Warrants of the Commissioners of the FiHualUng betwtm the \Jl and $ift

Per Contra *

By perfect bills afl&gned in thi9 month By bills of Exchange aridiittprefe ditto

Cr -

£ - 314027 14 if

- 52 0 6 00

Balance £3309, 19 si

£• 37 557 9

The aforesaid balance "feihains out of die following ' funds, vik.

£. s. d. r f.

ioooo 00 00 Received ift July 1779, in money, out V of contributions to annuities; 1779, to pay ihort allowance

19158 6 it deceived 15 th June 1780, out of do *

- « fund anno 780, $6 pay - officers, la bourers, &c. *

61000 oo 00 Received 24th May - 1/80, out of do.

' fund to pay bills exchange, -

19500 OO OO Received 9th July 1780, out of do. to pay do - -

12000 v" 00 00 Received $th July 1780, out of copay necessary money -

17000 00 00 Received 4th Augu ft 1780, out of the.

■ ftnking fund 1780, to pay bills ?. j \ of excharigkj &c.

poo 00. ooj Received 4th August 1780, out of do# *

| ’ ’ to pay necessary raon

311744 od T > ai Received ' 7th August 1780, in money; and exchequer bills, to pay bills in j. Coprfe -

11932 3 objReceded of Oakes and others be *

( lag edd store money ' -

£. u

450 00 00

366 4 4 -

34 00 co

2813 9 % 7l

3014 22 1

17000 00 00

5000 00 00

2689 9 ©of

11932 $ ooj

S33 ° 9 19 3i

Cm. Middletown, J Willia is T Beett, Geo. 1$1a, esiu

A STATE

1

No. 26.

o

o

c§

FT

A S T A T E and Hi/foftion of the Balance in the Hands of the Right honourable Wflbort Ellis, on Treasurer of the

upon the 31st of August 1780.

Branch.

Treasurer ’ Navy Board Balance. Balance.

ft S dt ft St dt

Braneh.

In the pay branch.

In the pay branch 116524 13 9J 1165 4 13 9 At the following ports, pursuant to or -

In the cashier’s 15 97 00 90881 8 7 ders of the navy board

In the victualling 79444 17 6£ 53309 l9 3i At Portsmouth

At Plymouth

£. 348941 11 9 260 716 1 8 J At Chatham Difference qo 00 o 88225 10 0} InMr licee ’ shandtjLond. topayffiips 6124

ft 348941 ii 9

£• dt

20202 17 J7061 ij 7 380 5 13 4t 7f

r

H - l

s

w

2

H

J

5 *

67194 13 6

o

o

o

In the cadHer 1

Difference between the treasurer « and the navy board balance - 62090 u 9J

in the hands of Mr. Slade to pay the course - - £73®

And tinder the head of money and pro *

miums - 4 ° 77 S

In the hands of Mr. Douglas, under

the head of exchequer feet, Ac. 3726 x6 3

- - - - - 9. 7633 00

bb

In th f victualling.

Difference between the treasurer#s and die navy board balance - 26x34 x® 3

In the hands of Mr. Swaffield, to pay the course - 989$ 2

56030 00

H

Balance in the treasurer’s hands, under various heads of serviccs -

220857 14 i3f 128083 16 10J

H ‘

w

01

348941 II 9

4

JfSi ’ V

ft PARLIAMENTARY

No. 27 *

• 1, State of the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis’s Account, as

Receipts and payments in the paymaster ’ 1 17B6. £ - s, d.

Sept. ift.. To balance of account, dated 31ft Aug. 1780 1x6. 524 13 9 *

20th. To cash received to pay ships and catty oil

recalls - - 490001 00 00

To ditto to pay one quarter’s wages to the yards, ending 30th June 1780 126700 00 00

283214 13 gf

- A——— - - - - -

- IN THE CASHIER ’ S

17S0. £. i. d.

Sept, ift. To balance of account, dated 31ft Aug. 1780 152972 00 4

To cash received at the exchequer, for the services fpllowing;

On the head of wear and tear *

To pay the agents fot neutral *

Ihi ' ps, for value of their cargoes, and expences of £• their detention xopoo" 00 00

On the head of wages. v

To pay for medicines, bedding, provisions for

hospitals, and hospital £• s. d,

ships 15. 00 00 00

To pay for subsistence, of French officers and seamen detained in England 5000 00 00

To pay forsubsistence, &c.

of rebel prisoners i$oo 00 00

■ 21500 00 00

- - - - -; - - 31500 00 00

14th. To c&fh received of sundries, towards clearing

imprefts, - - 14 2 00

To cash received for stores fold - 134 12 3

To sundry abatements and bills taken in to clear imprefta - 9065 6 if

Sept *

v

; A. 1781.

DEBATES.

89

Trtofurerof the Navy for tht Month of S 1780 *

Branch, between the ift and 30th September 17804

78 < > .; /•

Sept. By caih paid for wages this month 63963 7 8

yards - 29357 2 S

half pay - 1441 7 7

Balance the 30th September 1780 1 8463

£ i. d. -

wages yards 86318 00 1

98633 11 iof

half pay. 33 4 00 7

bounty to chaplains 147 13 6

188463 6 1

BRANCH *

1780.

Sept

By perfectbills paid this month 525813 12

By imprest bills paid this month 195736 4

By perfect bills, sick and hurt, paid this month 9974 7 6

By imprest bills, sick and hurt, paid this month 10620 10 3

dm

3

1 \£ s,

- 7 1549 i6

13th. By calli paid out of money arisen by the sale of old stores, pursuant to his Majesty’s sign manual, for demurrage and expences on account of the detention of the Dutch ship Vrow Judith

15th,

1

83224 13 9I

20594 17 9

19

_ 99 5

By issued to Mr. Swaffield, on tha head ot visual - ling, to pay part of three months course, ending 31ft December 1778, with interest due. thereon - 308050 00 00

£• s d, 4

87500 oq 00 In exchequer bills.

229550 00 00 In money.

20th.

308050 By caih il

00 00

issued to the paymaster, for the services following:

On the head of wear and tear 143100 00 00 Ordinary 13600 00 00

You II.

N

126700 00 00

By

so PARLIAMENTARY

178®.

Sept. 15th, To. cash received at the exchequer, for the services following:

To pay part of three months course, ending 31st December 1778, with interest due thereon; viz.

On the head of wear and £. s. d.

tear, transports, wages 5727 549 if Victualling - 308050 o o

£. s. d. —. —— 880804

250000 00 00 In exchequer bills *

630796 18 6 In money.

7 10 7 Out of duty on gum Senega.

889804 9 if

20th. To caih received at the exchequer, for the services following; viz.

To pay in full three months course, ending 31ft Dec. 1778, with interest due thereon;

On the head of wear and £• s

tear, transports, wages 64645 10 rof '

Victualling 3475 ° 00 00 £• u

- - - - - 99395 * "1

To pay one quarter’s wages to the artificers, labourers.

See, of the dock and rope yards, due 24th June last.

£• s d.

On the head ofwearfc tear 113100 00 00 Ordinary 13600 00 00

— 126700 00 o#

On the head of victualling.

To pay the officers, labourers,

Sec. one quarter ' s wages, due at ' Midsummer lift 18500 00 00

To be impressed to Gabriel Steward, Esq. paymasterof marines, on account of the marine service 22000 00 00

On the head of wages.

To pay ships and carry on recalls 40000 00 00

——— 306595

33d. To caih received at the exchequer on the head - of wear and tear; viz.

To pay impress and bills of exchange 36000

25th. To cash received at the exchequer for the ' services following; viz. '

' On t, he head of ordinary.

To pay one quarter’s salary due to the lords commit - fioners of the admiralty, the

V

A. 1781

U d *

9

IO lof

•© O *

com -

A. 1781 - DEBATES. 9 *

1780.

By cash issued to Mr. Swaffield, for the servicei following:

To pay in full three months

ceurfe, ending 31ft December jf. s,

1778, with interest due thereon 34750 00 oo To pay labourers, &c. a quarter’s wages, due at Midfum - merlaft 18500 00 00

Sept. ' ' •— - - -. - - - 53250 00 00

20th « By cash issued to the paymaster on the head of

weges, to pay ships and carry on recalls 40000 00 00

Carried forward 1270243 19 n

A

92

PARLIAMENTARY

On the head of wages To pay flag pay, &c.

To pay the commi onera of the tick and hurt office, their secretary, clerks, &c. a quarter’s salary, due 29th instant To pay for fubiistence, &c. of French officers and Teamen detained in England To pay forsubsistence, &c of Spanish officers and 1 Teamen detained id England

commissioners and other officers of the navy, the 29th instant

IOOOO

iroooo 09 00

s *

00

d.

00

680 of bo

8000 99 ©o

5000 00 00

28680 00 00

Sept. 30th. To eafh of sundries towards clearing imprefts To cash received of sundries for old and new {lores fold To an abatement out of a perfect bill To sundry abatements and bills taken in to clear imprefts

38680

20

173

4

39971

780. Sept. ill.

15th.

20th *

1495972

IN THE VICTUAL

To balance of account, dated 31ft August

1780 r - - 79444

To received at the exchequer % /.

in exchequer bills 87500 00 00

In money 226550 00 00

To pay part of three months course, ending 31ft Dec. 1778, with interestdue thereon To caih received at the exchequer for the services following:

To pay in full three months course, ending 31ft Dec. i 778, withintereflthereon 34750 00 00 To pay the officers, labourers,

&c. one quarter’s wages, due at lididsummer lad 18500 00

308050

Z

30 th.

To cash received of sundries for {lores and offall fold - -

To sundry abatements out of perfect bilb To sundry abatements, and bills taken in to cleju - impresss -

53250

4 9

30418

471651

( V. 1781.

J. dn OO OO

18 4

9 1

OO OQ 2 2

00 4f LING

J. d *

» 7 H

00 00

00 00

25 IX

16

A. 17 1. DEBATES. 93

£. s. J. Brought forward 1270243 19 11

Balance 225278 00 si

1495972 00 4{

BRANCH.

i ? 8o.

Pt By paid peffecX bills, ice. - 365496 6 t

Balance 10615$ 10 4$

Remaining

In the hands of right honourable £. s.

Welbore Ellis 68 349 15 3

Pot of Mr. Swaffield 37805 15 i{

106155 10 4J

balance of the pay branch 188463 6 1

of the cauiier 9 do 225728 00 5}

of the victualling do. 106155 10 4J

Total balance 520546 16 11

471651

16

Si

No.

by

94

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7gi.

No - 28.

Navy - Office, 8th December 1780.

An Account of the Total Sums received and paid the Treasurer of the Navy, fir every Months from the if January 1779 to the 3 ijl August 1780; with the Total of the Balances remaining in his Hands at the End of each Months as they

appear in the Monthly Accounts transmitted by the Navy Boar, d to the Treasury during that Period. Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated 30 tb November 1780.

rear. Months• Received. Paid. Balance.

1778 December i. At

rema : ning £ s. J. £• s d. 199895 8 oof

779 January 578331 12 7 I 286829 3 4 * 9 397 7 3i

February 119823 4 4 190106 10 9 i 121X14 IO IO

March 316718 ! 3 i 216841 6 9z 220991 7 3,

April 48035 17 3i 263594 4 H 05433 9 lit

May 296513 1 $ 3 3O63OI 18 7i ! 9564$ 6. 6f

June 426761 4 H 285H8 16 1 337287 15 1

J"iy, 950680 6 i 1076222 13 Si 745 8 6

August ! $343i 6 9, ' 83374 2 9i 181802 12 5I

September 295619 6 si 2226l2 2 1 of 254809 l6 00$

October 985689 12 3l 1056797 9 2k 1837OI 19 if

"November 198550 12 II 189054 8 i 193228 3 I *

December 429905 * 5 747 1 si 370386 18 5

1780 January 19 94 ! lS 10J 3 4344 8 3 i 238984 5 if

February 206621 I Ilf 35 1 13 9i 222093 14 11

March - 280612 14 II 506180 7 4 296526 10 4$

April 249791 9 ° 309776 00 oof 336541 10 4I

May 870549 OO H 83775 1 10f 269358 9 2$

June 316 - 391 I 3 9338 6 ' i 356391 4

July 264206 00 91 28578O 17 ooj 234816 8 5f

August 1139584 5 io4 I II 3694 12 7i 260706 1 Sf

Chat. Mj dlkton. J - Williams Geo,. Marsh. T. Brett.

No. 29.

An Account of the Public Money iffitedfrom the Receipt of the, to the

following Treasurers of the Navy, by way of, and upon, from the ijl Day of January ly Ertethe $Otb Day of September 1780 *

George Grenville, Esq.

William Lord Vifcaunt Barrington Richard Lord Vifcqunt Howe Sir Gilbert Elliot, Bart.

Welbore Ellis, Esq. ’

£ r. dm

25265 82 2 i\

9338790 4 oof

8387744 11 8

1595277a 6 6

16781217 11 1

Tuesday

A, 1781. DEBATES. 9$

February 27 and 28.

No debate,

March T.

A short debate arose on the third reading of the bill introduced by - Mr. inch in for appointing a commission of the peace to, aft in cases of riot and insurrection, without having the usual powers of justices conveyed to them by the writ ivtitlcddechmus potejiattm,

Mr. amber Gascoigne said he had £bme objection to the Mr. hill, because thottgh it held out the idea of its being intended only to impower magistrates to act in cases of riot and infur - rection, yet the bill was lo loolely expressed, and so unguarded, that these justices, without taking the oaths ne - ccfiary to a dedimuspoteftatcm, would be enabled to act in all" the fouations and all the powers, of the magistrates who had taken these oaths.

Mr. Afinchin explained the mistake of the honourable Mr. Min - gentleman in this respect, and stated that the magistrates to he appointed under this act could not be inti tied to act, but in cases where the common magistrate neglected his duty.

Me; Turnerconceived that this new mode of appointing

magistrates would not produce the salutary purposes for which k was intended; but it would produce one material inconvenienoe, for the inteference of these new magistrates would dtfouft those who take upon them the laborious functions of the office, and who in the country arc generally men of fortune, character, and respect. He was also appechenlive, that by this act, men of low condition, and filfpicious character, might creep into the commission of the peaces and render the magistracy of the country as despicable aft that of Westminster,

Sir Grey Cooper said, that the bill was put upon very high ground indeed; for it was to prevent the interference of the military power in : all cases by superseding the necelfity of their interference. This he consideredA as an improper idea, lince undoubtedly occasions might arise, to which nothing but the military power eould be adequate.

Mr. Mtnehin said, it wasjiot the meaning nor the tendency m c£ the bill : to say that the interference of the military would at all times be rendered unnecessary. Its meaning was to prevent the interference of the military power in the manner Vfhich we saw it last summer, and that it should never be CRerted again milfefs under the controul and authority of the qvilmftgiftrage In answer to ' what his honourable friend,

1. Mr.

9$ PARLIAMENTARY A 178 *.

Mr. Turner, bad said, that the present magistrates would be offended by the interference of those under the commission; he observed, that they would never interfere, unless when the magistrate failed to dp his duty, and in such case an in - fult would be proper, because it would be merited.

The bill passed. '

March 2.

Mr. Robinson ( chairman of the committee who tried a petition respecting the election at Bridgewater ) reported, that Mr. Poulett and Mr. Ackiand were elected, and that Mt. Putlett. Mr. Allen was not elected; upon which, Mr. Poulett rose and congratulated the House on the spirit and virtue with, which the Grenville aft was carried into execution. The gentlemen who fat on the committee, the report oL which had just been made, he said, had done themselves great ho - r nour by their decision; but he begged leave to observe, that as no evidence had been adduced tending to affect his election, the committee had not declared the petition frivolous ' and vexatious. He, therefore, could not but consider that some stain remained on his character, and should take the liberty of troubling the House with a few words on the subject.

Mr. Baker. Mr. Baker called him to order, and said he conceived, as the Grenville aft put the whole jurisdiction upon election petitions into the hands of a committee, no gentleman was ' warranted to impeach the proceedings of any committee, - without make some regular motion to bring all their minutes, papers, &c. and the ckrk of the committee, before the House. If the honourable gentleman had any such motion to offer, well and good 5 if not, he should consider his adverting to any past transaction, that had reference to the - late election, as highly disorderly.

The Speaker confirmed all that Mr. Baker had advanced *

Mr. Poulett rose again and attempted to proceed.

Mr. Pwys, Mr. Powys called him to order, and asked if he had any motion to make; if he had, begged he would make it then Lord Beau - Lord Beauchamp said, Mr. Poulett had been put to great ebamf, expence in seeing counsel, bringing witnesses to town, 8cc ' and all he meant, if he understood him rightly, was to make it appear that he had b$en ill - treated.

he The Speaker interrupted the noble lord, to declare that he *

$pak r. never was more clear in any opinion that he had ever formed than that every part of the consideration touching ele&foa cases, was, by the Grenville aft, taken out of the House, r

and

A. iySu DEBATES .; 97

and the whole judicature delegated to a committee. If therefore neither concerned the House, whether the dedffon ' was unjust, whether one party was injured, or put to unne - ' ccfTary expence, dr any other point that had the least relation to the petition; the kw was, that the committee were to try and report and by their report the House must ne - ceffarily be governed. .. ..

This reasoning was acqntefced in by the House.

Adjourned to March 5.

March 5.

Mr. Jinlunfon, secretary at. war, moved for leave to bring Mr. 7 *, in a bill for the better regulation of ballotting for the nji - ttsk *. litia. He said, that from, the nature of the militia efta -

blishment, the time of service of great numbers expired a once, by which the corps were confidently weakened till recruited by the new ballots. These periodical ‘ disband - JMBts were exceedingly dangerous to the state, by reafori that they usually occur in the midst of a campaign, as would be the case in the futnmer of this year, when so large a number as 12, 300 militia must be discharged. He thought" it necessary; to trouble the House with the bill now moved for, the scope of which was to enable the militia corps to wife recruits by ballot, four months before they should be ! decreased by the time of service expiring; so that on the dhhanding of any number of troops, they might be imme - ’ diate y reinforced by the new levies.

An act had passed in the year 1780, by which the feveraf corps had it in their power to ballot for the men that would be wanted, four months before the expiration of the term of the militia men, whose places were to be supplidd. Several v colonels had taken advantage of this act, and were non/ com pleating their corps by that mode. He wished to make ' it general; and for that purpose it was, that he wished bong in a bill. If it was speedily passed, the whole corf *

Alight be compleated Within two months. He concluded with moving that leave, &c. \, ’

Sir George did not object to the bill, but complained Omp ofjfie militia btang sent out of their otfn counties, ahcl toY / *. difUnt places.

Sir Edward ' dftky said, die militia was becdrne exceed - Sir M < h#rd ijfelf bunthe&feme to the country; aftd, in hi Opinion, the4 ’ pSptr that Waa vested in deputy - lieutenants and cOlonefi tiA obp&to ohiw; He complained of the enormous fuihs whicli2 Werefs cobfor fubflituicij tathft gteftt ddMment of thd

Votp. lL O regular

s Parliamentary a. 1781.

> < ' f '

regular fer♦ice. To prevent this evil, be said, that every militia nun, who had served three years, ought not to be permitted tb serve again as a iubftitnte during the next three years.

UuTumtr. Mr. Twrikr declared, that he would object to every part of the bill prpposed. It wa his idea that no motion nor proportion whatever shouki be made respecting the militia, without giving due notice to the House. He had given this advice in the last Parliament; and he trailed that regulations, tending to disturb the country, would not be adopted without the most mature diiicufliaa.

Leave was granted, and Mr. jenkinson having prepared

. the bill, he brought it up, and it was read a first time.

Mr. Sb&idan now role, agreeable to hi intimation, to offer his prppositions respt fling the police of West mincer.

He began with saying, that if he had presumed to offer hiss sentiments to the House on this fuhjefl at the opening. of Parliament, he should have felt the necessity of apologizing for the presumption of taking up the matter; since after the ' recolle£lion of the dreadful tumults which ravaged and drf graced the metropolis in the month of June last, he should have naturally conceived that ibme ' gentianan, of more ex - : perience and more weight than himself, would have thought it worthy his own attention, as well as that of the House. 1 But as so long a time had elapsed, and no gentleman under - ' taken the important confederation, he thought himself both justified, and called upon to the talk. The police of evefy ‘ country was an object of importance. ( Gentlemen would understand what he meant by the term police; it was notin '

( expression of our law, or of our language, but was perfectly

understood. ) In a despotic country, where the laws Verb1 1 regulated by the will of the sovereign, the view and purpose of the police Is to give. comfort and security to the subject, and, perhaps, to furnish secret information to the rulers : InT a constitution of liberty, like that of Britain, it was thii duty1 and the objc& of the people to prefer the essentials of free

' dom to the comforts of case; and they were not to purchase Internal. rote&ion at the expence of slavery. ly is not a dead and slavish quiet; it is, not a passive calm ana submif - iion that is the ultimate object of police in such a fxate; but as much good order as is consistent with the active and bnfy, bufllrng genius of liberty. They were not to be awed inter submimon by a military dependent on the will of one man, ! to whom they delegated their power; nor to conditute a ' police which only could derive maintenance and effisft by7

• % die

A. 1781, DEBATES.,

the intervention of arms. It was for this purpose that the kgiilaturc of Great Britain prudently and wifely established military power only for the duration of one year, or rather they suspended the illegality of the military power for a year.

It was for this that they would intrust no permanent and durable military in the hands of the crown, but preferred to themselves the security of escape whenever that military should be ' inifepplied to objects for which it was not designed. The police of Westminster in its present condition was wretched and miserable. Its state was too well known to every gentleman who heard him, to require description : its weaknefe and inefiicacy were too severely felt, at the jate dreadful period, to be depended upon in future. To that we were $0 aferibe the riots and the outrages that had broke forth in Juno last, and which had raged without controul for many days To that we were to aferibe the order which bad been issued to the military to act without waiting for the orders of the civil power. To that we were to aferibe the establishment of military power in this country for four moo hs, and its being extended to every part of the country.. It was the police of Wefhntnfter that had given rife to all these calamities and alarms; and yet not one measure Had been taken, nor one attempt made, to correct that police, or to prevent, a repetition of the fame dangers.

He was aware, that it might be said, that if the negligence ndthe incapacity of the civil power of Westminster had contributed lb much to these evils, the fame imputation ought to be thrown upon the megiftracy of the city of London; fiace. the tumults had reigned with etjual impunity in that city and with equal consequenees. To this he could only say, that. be could not forget, for a moment, that the tumults be gpn in the city of Westminster; that there they had their lfoakbtgin&ings, and that there they might have been checked with kfs exertion than in the subsequent progress of their ac - cumulating force. But the luccefs of the riots in the city of London had been aferibed to the want of coududt and courage in the chief magistrate. It was to him, and not to the civil powervinjgdneral Of that city, that the hlame was given. By the feme « iode of reasoning, he would be permitted to say, that if chief magistrate of the city of London was condensed £dt not having animated and directed the refinance, the chief nisigistrate of the county of Middlesex ought also to be changed ' jprirh. inattention and inactivity in those seenes. If rciponiibility was to he proportioned to trust, which certainly was cfee rule and nieafure of justice, the lord lieute -

O a nant

i0 ° PARLIAMENTARY A. i7 i.

nant of the county of Middlesex was infinitely more crimi -. nal and guilty than any other man, because his obligations.. and his. powers, were greater. Invested with the important;. trust of appointing and regulating the civil power, it was his

. duty to see that the magistrates and the officers which he had £Ut into the commission, did their duty to their country; Jind if they did. not, he ought to have collected them together, to have appointed them their stations, and to have put. theta into active employment. If it should be said that the JBoble Duke could have done no service t > the kingdom by duch a measure at that moment, because the magistrates wetc - duch that they would have disobeyed his orders, then he would

. beg leave to ask, why were such magistrates put into the ommiflioo } The crime was equally enormous in Stiver case.

If it should be said that the office of a magistrate in this city was so exceedingly troublesome and offensive, that ‘gentlemen of character and fortune could not be found ro enter on it, then be would ask, why had no tneafures been taken to put the police on a more respectable footing ? and " aiter the melancholy experience that you have had, how comes h nohing has been done since ? " This is the material question; for after the fatal experience which we have had, it became an in - jdilpeofable duty of government, and of the officer of the frown, to whom the regulation of the police of Middlesex was intrusted, to prevent the necessary of recurring again to the alarming expedient that had been uled in June last. Was pot the conduct of that man or men, criminal/who had per mitted those justices to continue in the commission ? Men of tried inability and convicted depravity ! Had no attempt I been made to establish some more effectual system of police, j in order that we might still depend upon the remedy of the bayonet; and that the military power might be called in to the aid of contrived weakness and deliberate inattention ? It might, perhaps, be the wifti of Come, that the subject might be familiarised to the use of the soldier, and that, upon oc£a - fions less alarming than the last, they might resort again to the fame remedy. It was a matter pretty well known, that prders of a nature not dissimilar to those of June last,

given to the military on the acquittal of Lord George Gordon. Orderly serjeants were attending in Westminster - Haiil; the courts of justice were beset with loldiefs; and the guards were all in readiness to act in case of necessity. He did not aiTert this as an imputation upon government. He did not Jay that they ought to have Hood by, tame spectators, and

beheld

4

A. 1781. D E B A T E Bi

beheld the city set on fire, ere they began to act ., He only wished to fh w, from this circumstance, that the weakness of the civil power was recognized by government; that they acknowledged the incapacity, and applied again to the fame remedy, unconstitutionai as it was, before the occeffity w s ascertained.

There were only two reasonable excuses that could l e assigned for the conduct of government, in ilfuing the orders that they did to the military power. The first was, tbyt they conceived that the riots were not produced by theft men who had assembled around the House, inftjgated fy, religious enthuiiafm, and impelled by the frenzy of apprehen five zeal j nor yet by a set of Vagrants, and abandoned rafters who had industriously mingled with the original titude, and taken advantage of the occasion to commit hofli - Cities and depredations on the metropolis; but that tbty were the effect of a deliberate and deep - laid scheme; a conspiracy, contrived by the enemies of this country, with fh ? intention of spreading plague, pestilence, and famine over s kingdom; to lay the metropolis in ashes; and to ftri ] jp the very foundations of our wealth and credit 4s a nation If such was the sentiment of government, they might bje justified in applying the means which were in their power for destroying the diabolical scheme. Jf such was the truth, Wf should have recourse to every expedient; we ftould hare itgiments planted in our churches, piquet guards in our fcmares, and centtnels instead of watchmen in our streettp This was the sentiment and the opinion which had been pep pagatfd by government, as their excuse and their commendation. A grave and venerable chief justice had pronounced tjmaflertion in the House of Peers, and another chief ju£ tice had delivered it from the bench, and on this respectahkt authority, the world are desired to believe, that the whole jvas a fyftemaxic conspiracy of the enemy, levelled at the being, and exigence of the empire. This was an opioion which, if it was true, would justify the exertions which Jiad been made; it was at the same time a doctrine which he, for his part, could not consider as just or well - founded. Let; diem feflrch for its truth in the circumstances and probability of the pale. What was the conduct of the two Houses of Parliament on the occasion ? Not having been a member of the House at that time, he might for a moment conceive him self to be ignorant of their proceedings. It might naturally be exprfted, that if there was an active conspiracy in the metropolis, and war was levied against the person and dignity

of

PARLIAMENTARY A. iySr

of thecrown, the two Houses surely fat from day to day, artd day and night, in anxious deliberation; that there were conferences between the two Houses, and committees appointed to fethom the ' plot, and to contrive and direct the means of national salvation. Was this the case ? No : oil the contrary, the Parliament did not meet, or if they did,

' m$t in numbers that were unfit for the study of any national question; they adjourned their Houses; they went into the country, and left the conspiracy and the conspirators to the /fugitive justices of Middlesex : they abandoned their coun -

try in the moment of danger; even in the hour of attack, they flew from their stations, and delivered over the kingdom to the care of those very men, whose criminal negligence and ' timidity had given strength to the inferrc&ion in its first ' movements. He would not believe, then, that Parliament concurred with the chief justice in this sentiment; he would ‘ 6t libel them with the accusation, since he could not believe ' it possible that the House could continue so remiss, so inattentive, and seemingly so ignorant or so careless of the danger, if it had existed. In the House of Lords a noble Duke had at that time brought forward a proposition of the utmost importance, especially at such a moment; and there were but nineteen of the hereditary counsellors of the realm to support the right of the subject to carry arms in his own defence. Was this a proof that the empire was threatened with diflb - lrition by the hostile scheme of the enemy ? If the House vfrould peruffc the whole of the trials, from that of the first unhappy man who had been brought to the bar at the Old Bailey to the noble lord who had been tried in the King’s Bench, they would find, that the noble lord was the only person who had been charged with high treason; he was both the leader and the army; not one of his subalterns had rifea above the humble charge of felony, and he was the leader and the army in this great machination against the being and the dignity of the state. Forty thousand people were desired, by a public advertisement, to assemble, and in the fame advertisement the civil officers were also desired to attend to keep the peace. The forty thousand people obeyed the invitation; but the justices and the constables did not. Though it could hardly be believed that so many people could assemble, however pious in their intentions, however orderly in tKeir demeanour, without giving rife to some disturbance, by the interposition of vagabond ?, who would take advantage of the occasion, yet the civil oflicers took notice of the ad - :. - vertiferoent.

v

) A. i78t. J > - E B Ji TES *,.

• vcrtiiement. They assembled, and as it was suspected, a muhitude of the moil abandoned wretches mingled with I them, and they pulled down a chapel that night. So weak ! and untremendous Was that mob, that the very chief justice Who declared afterwards from the bench, that it wasao army levying war against the person and majesty of the crown, took five or six of them with his own hand. Several were, taken and afterwards expiated their offences at the gallows *

I The day after they were silent and harmless, a very signifi -.

| cant proof of its being no conspiracy; for it was not the nature of a plot to admit of intervals and cessation; its fucceis depended on its rapidity : it would give no leisure for detec - i tion and defence—but with closeneis it would connect dif - j patch. When they rose again, they demolished the house of a gentleman, whom he could not better describe than by j saying, that it was a house that fhotfld have fallen by any [ other storm than that of popular fury. It was then, and not before, that their rage burst out, and they went to pull dowit and destroy the prisons, as if conscious of their guilt, and knowing that they could find no fit associates for men who had been guilty of such a deed, but in the cells and dungeons, among those wretches who had forfeited their lives to the laws of their country. In all the trials, in all the proceed -, ings, gentlemen would find no fblid and convincing proof of there having been any deep - laid scheme, any regular machination, any plot against the country, in these riots.

The other reason which might justify government for thes - orders which they issued was, that they believed the substi - tiition of the military to be a lafe, easy, and constitutional measure, in all cases of tumult and riot. ] He would not attempt to g6 into any serious investigation of this argum&t but only assert, that if it were true, that in cases of extrenpe danger, such a remedy might be safe, easy, and constitutional. Hill it would be improper to be acknowledged by Parliament; for what might be legally done, would be done oftener. He wjftied to fee a bill of indemnity pass, by which the question would be established on its proper basis, and the people would havd the confidence of knowing, that though the late inter -. I ference was salutary, it was unconstitutional. If he wanted, any additional reason to convince him of the dangerof leaving such a power in the hands of the crown, a circumstance which occurred in the other House on the opening of the fcfEon, would give him the most convincing proof of the necessity of deciding on the doctrine This was, that his Majesty was i praised

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

pfaised and exalted for hot having acted, in that hour of terror and ' eonfufion, like the King of Sweden, in directing hit arms against the liberties of the country. This was an ex - pr ffion so alarming in its nature, so threatening, and so formidable, that he could not help thinking it incumbent on the House ' to refeue the country from a iufpicion so dreadful. What 1 w&s it ih his Majesty’s power, at that moment, to h£ve trampled ' on the liberties of the country, and to have introduced military government in the place of the present con - flitut ? on } Was that the crilis when this might have been eflabUshed, when the minds of the people were loft interror ahtf cohfufion ? No, that was not the moment of danger ;, the Crifii Was, when, after the interference of the military pb\Vef, the chief justice of England said that it was legal, and laffeitedi that the military acted not as soldiers, but as dWf2ensu; arid when this declaration was not objected to by a specific resolution ' of Parliament, but bore the testimony of generall acquiescence. That was the moment when the liberties of the people Were in danger; add if it did give the opportunity to the crown, the opportunity still existed. It had been afterted, in feme instances at least, without a cause The danger was confined to the metropolis; then, why was the order extended to every part of the kingdom > On granting that it was necessary to extend it, why continue it for four months ? If this doctrine was to be laid down, that the crown could give orders to the military to interfere, when, Whire and for what length of time he pleases, then we might bid farewel to freedom. If this was the law, we should/ then bfc reduced to a military government of the very worst species, ‘iri which ' We should have all the evils of a despotic mte, without Thd discipline or the jsecurity. But we werei giVfcft ' tb understand that we had he best protection against this ! evil. in the virtue, the moderation, and the constitutional pHhdjftes ' of thb sovereign. No man upon earth thought with mbte reVefeh e than himself of the virtues and modera - tion of the sovereign; but this was a species of liberty which he trusttd wouldI heVer dlfgrace ari English foiL The liberty/ thkt rolled oh the virtuous inclinations of any one man, was but fulpenfl d defpdtlfm; ! the fwbrid wis not ’ indeed upon tfieir netkSj but it hung7 by the small and brittle thread of hu - rtan will. He adverted to his Majesty’s speech from the tHfone after the ' ridti which had Teen‘peculiarly called his Majesty’s ownfj cCh; he desired lt tb be ' rca ' d from the ta -

bifc;

The

A. 1781 : DEBATES.

The clerk then read the full part of his Majesty’s speech of the 19th of Jane last, viz *

"The outrages committed by bands of desperate and abandoned men, in various parts of this metropolis, broke forth with such violence into acts of felony and treason, had so far overborne all civil authority, and threatened so directly the immediate subversion of all legal power, the dcftr. uflioa of all property, and the confusion of every order in the stase, that I found niyfelf obliged, by every tie of duty and af - fcftion to my people, to suppreis, in every part, those rebellious insurrections, and to providp for the public safety, by the mott, effectual and immediate application of the force in - trusted to me by parliament. ".

Here, said Mr, Sheridan, his Majesty takes the whole upon himself, and rests the issuing of the order on its true ground, the necessity of the case, If his Majesty’s ministers had followed the example of the Sovereign, and come down to Parliament desiring a ' bill of indemnity, the House would have added panegyric to their confeot, and would have praised their moderation in the second instance, while they extolled their exertion in ihe first, He entreated the House, to forgive him for havir ^; dwelt so long on these excuses, which were all that could be urged in favour of ministers for acting as they did on that occasion. Either they must believe that the whole of the outrage were the result of a deliberate plot and machination, contrived by the enemies of this country, and aiming at the overthrow of the empire; or that the fi hftitution of the military was a lafe, easy, and proper remedy in all, cases of riot and tumult. These were the only arguments whiph could justify m piders in the orders which they had giyen. He would trouble them no farther than by offering to them the propofitiuns which he held in Jus hjidd, as the ground of a remedy for the evil of which he had Complained. He carried his ideas much farther than he had br&ugbt them forward to the House; but hp had been retrained by the opinions of rpen for whom hp entertained niueh respect He now rpad his motions, the purport of iffiich were as follow

1. u That the military force entrusted to his Majesty by

parliament, cannot justinably bp applied to the dispersing illegal and tumultuous assemblies of the people, without waiting fir directions frp. pi the civil magistrates, but where the outrages have - broke spith with, such violence, that all civil au -

Vol. II. P thority

to6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

thorlty is overborne, and the immediate subversion of all ie - gal government direct, threatened. "

2. < c That the necefltty of issuing that unprecedented order to the military, on the 7th of June Iaft, to act without waiting for dire. fiions from the civil magistrates, affords a strongprefumption of the defective state of the magistracy of Westminster, where the riots began. "

3. < c That a committee be appointed to enquire into the conduct of the magistracy and civil power of the city of Westminster with respect to the riots in June last, and to examine and report to this House, the present slate of the magi ft racy and government of the said city. ’

He concluded with moving the first of these proportions which, he said, as it was altogether declaratory, he trusted would not be opposed. At the same time it was not essen - tial to the subsequent motions, which were specific, and went to the purpose for which he had presumed to call thtr attention of the House.

and hick

he had the honour to belong, would thank the honourable gentleman for bringing on the business, and clearing up a dottrine which gave them very much uneasiness and pains They were anxious to have the question brought to a deci - fion, that it might remain no longer in doubt and perplexity. If the military were to be employed against their fellow - ' eitizens, without waiting for the orders of the civil power, he should no longer wish to belong to a profession so dangerous and fatal to the liberties of the country. At the same time he said, the justices of Middlesex were too eager to caR. in the military power. On every little occasion they retorted to this desperate remedy, and found in the assistance of the military a ready excuse for the want of their ovyn exertion and activity. He had often had the mortification of attending them in those combats, combats - which the French, de - fbribed by a term which, indeed, was vulgar, and he trusted the House would forgivfc him for using it; by the term guerre des pots de chambre. He was called upon in the, late

riots, and he acted in that guerre des pots de ebambre which. was instituted against the person and the dignity of, the ' c ' own. In all that war, the persons who menaced the crown and the constitution of the country, were men of the lowest ' c ’ sara&er, unarmed, undifeiplined, and who had not drawn a d of of blood, that he had heard of, so much as a broken

head

icon - Mr. The - honourable Mr. Fitzpatrick seconded the motion, k rrw ‘said, that he as Well as the profession in general to w

v

07.

A. i7Sl *

h,.

DEBATES.

ead even, during the whole struggle. He drew a ludicrous picture of the rabble on the idea of its being a disciplined army marching in battle array, seemingly in allusion to the language of the crown lawyers on Lord George Gordon’s trial; and gave an account of them afterwards in more fe - rious terms from his own observation, introducing some sharp animadversions on the cowardice of the civil magistrates.

The hon. gentleman he said, had alluded to an expression in the other House, at which he could not forbear pro - fefling his indignation. To suppose that the military would assist in overturning the constitution if the monarch required it, was a libel on the profelfion. Could he believe such an opinion well founded, he would think his character as an officer disgraceful, and would hold it no longer. He earnestly recommended the confederation of the buuness, and truHed that some mode would be established to put the police of this great city on so respefitable a footing as to render the interference of the military, in cases of riot, unneceiTary,

Earl of Surry objected to the latter part of the firu motion, £ « ! of as making the purport of the whole vague and indeterminate. Overthrowing the civil power was a matter which would ad « mitof various acceptations; and if a cjifcrction was given to government to interpret that charge, it might be applied to every riotous act whatever.

Mr. Sheridan said the noble lord had not accurately at - Mr. Sheri - tended to the words of his motion; for he had himself advert ted to the latitude which might be taken in interprethig the exception, and therefore, instead of Hating the order for the military even in such cases to be legal, had Only called it justifiable, leaving the specific justification, as now, open to the rcyievv of Parliament in every particular case. ' He had, however, no objection, he said, to leave out that clause, and julvifed it to be done; but was informed by the speaker, that as the motion had been made and seconded, it could now pnly be altered by another motion for an amendment.

Mr. Sheridan then said he had no objection to withdraw the first motion entirely, since it was merely declaratory.

Mr. Mansfield solicitor general, then rose to oppose the Mr. Men

motion. He said it did not alter the matter to withdraw thef ' firs ijjotion - - ! he objected to the whole tenor of the "business.

Jfe thought it quite unneceiTary to touch upon such questions M those decided on in the resolution proposed, which he conceived hid nothing to do with reforming the police ofWeft - minlter; and such ' declarations were the less requisite, as he P % could

PARLIAMENTARY a. 1781.

could not recollect one inftsnce wherein the legislature ha 1 by name introduced the military into any civil regulations; the power of suppressing commotions was left entirely to the magistracy, without any express provision for military assistance; and therefore it was belt not to form abstract opinions into Vefolutions of the House, but leave the vindication of ministers, for calling in the soldiery, to rest as it had hitherto done, on the neceftity of the case.

He thought the complaint which had been urged against the measure in question peculiarly unreasonable, because the behaviour of the military had been meritorious in the extreme. No instance of cruelty or insolence had been or could be adduced, nor had they abused the power committed to them in a single instance : on the contrary, if their behaviour had been in any respect exceptionable, it was in being too paf - five at first, and - waiting too tenaciously for the authority of the civil magistrate to direct them. Their interference he should entirely consider as that of citizens anxious for the preservation of public order, and in that character the employing them was surely unexceptionable.

This do£trine had been brought into dispute, he thonghr, very idly, since nothing in his opinion could be more clear and distindf, than that every man in this country, soldier as as well as citizen, was bound by his obligations to the community, to protect the property and the lives of his neighbour against violence and outrage. Therefore, when they saw any act of felony committing or committed, they were called upon to aftift the oppressed, and if they could not prevent the felony without making use of force, they were bound by their allegiance to resort to that force. There was no distinttion between citizen and soldier in this respe£f, their duties in this respect were the fame, and their justifica - tion would also be equal; it woulddepend entirely on the necessity of the care.

The riots had been aferibed to the want of spirit in magl - strates; if that was a true explanation of those unhappy events, it was plain we were not deficient in police, but in magi - strates only.

He next commented ironically on that spirit of legal enquiry, so observable in the honourable gentlemen who werfc the authors of this motion. In that place of wisdom tveri thing was understood; they underftowl naval affairs, an Jitary ones perfectly well, andrthere was not such a congregation of lawyers in the world As to the law point t littife

drawn

A. 1781.

DEBATES *

drawn into question to - night, fie mighty with propriety declare any decilion of them on the present question unnecef - ftry; but one Teeming a little cpnnefled with his own conduct, it would Teem like shrinking from enquiry Ihbuld he avoid touching upon it. This was with respect to the nature of the offence for which a noble lord was lately tried *

The crown lawyers had been in fcVeral places milch condemned for inditing his lordship on high treason, and yet he would not scruple to avow that he entirely approved to this moment of that mode of prosecution. He begged he might not be here understood as impeaching, in any degree, the abilities or intrepidity of the twelve gentlemen Who tried Lord George Gordon.

They judged from their wisdom, and decided no doubt thereon with the bed of their judgment; but this he would be free to say, that if the fa£ls dated by the council had been farisfa&orily proved, the noble lord was unquestionably guilty of the crime of high treason. Here he took a review of the several facts charged against Lord George Gordon and attempted to be supported by evidence on the trial, adding, that he might give his opinion the more fafelv within those walls, as several parts of his lordship s conduct there which could not for good reasons be brought forward against him on the trial, spoke more drongly against him than any jof those dated to the jury In holding this language, with tefpefl to his lordship, and in his conduct oti the trial, he disclaimed any fereen behind the character of the advocate; he spoke ingenuously his sentiments, and would not, on such an occassion, exceed in severity the fuggedions of his owfo conscience for the universe. Once more he would pmfefs, that he approved of the prosecution, and thotight the fafts it proceeded on, if true, amounted tp high treason in the object of it. He had not the conduct of the process bn its insti - tution, not being then solicitor general, but if he had his sentiments would have been the same as now.

The term Military Government had been much used upon this occassion. It was a language which in this country hp could not clearly uriderdand, and believed the gentleman who adopted it had no precise meaning fdr it. It was popu -, no doubt, and adduced merely ad; but

rit of our military gentlemen remained unaltered -

H&fc was no fear of such a chimerical fydem being brdught inffi practice. As to an expression which had teeri quoted itih the otherHouse, it certainly was ' af very fddliffi brie.

and

10

PA Ri I ' AM ENT ARY A. 178 u

and he was not to learn, that in every popular assembly many foolish things would be said; perhaps enough might tome - times be found in their own House without going in iearch of them to any other place.

He confessed himself against any, alteration in our police; it having, in its present form, been found, through the course of ages, adequate to every common purpose and as to the riots in June, it was a ( ingle indance of a defeat in the civil power, which, in all probability, would never again occur. If the number of magistrates was found infufheient, there was a ' power in the crown to augment it and any addition which might appear necessary could be made in three days. Me never, therefore, could give his afient to a bill which, if he rightly underdood its principle, was calculated to estab - Ii ( h a new kind of military power, not subject to any con - troul of the crown, to remedy an evil which could so much better and more easily be remedied another way.

The noble lord at the head of administration had been complained of, because the order for the military had been made general; that is to say, in other words, because he had taken care to preserve the property of those poor catholics in the country who had not yet been attacked; this wicked and diabolical piinifter was attempting to introduce a military ' government. He fat down, professing a total disapprobation of it, both in form and principle.

Right Hon. T. Townshend answered the solicitor general ted. ° W ~ very ably. The honourable gentleman was greatly diflatif - fied that the House of Commons should arrogate to itself any profeflionaL knowledge. It was presumptuous, it seems, in that House, to know any thing either of naval or military affairs, but to underdand any thing of the law, was worfp than all ! —He, however, mud venture to incur the learned gentleman’s contempt, by thinking that House had fom$ right to interfere in the laws of their country, and the opinions of our ancedors would support him in that idea. They thought it an essential branch of duty to look into the con - ' du£t of the courts in Wedminder - Hall, and if they had not sometimes been very attentive to solicitors and attorneys

£neral our conditution in the present day might not have d much excellence to bead.

He took notice of the disposition which prevailed to tree with indifference and contempt opinions delivered in that House by the mod able and respectable. members,. a mod glaring indance of which occurred in the debate on the Mur

tiny

X

A. 1781. DEBATES.

tiny Bill, when a gentleman, intitled in the highest degree to attention, had hardly begun his speech, when a noise l ' ud - denly arose, with every appearance of a signal from forac— body, and the honourable gentleman was prevented from going on upon a subject on. which he was particularly qualified to give information, if a fair and full investigation of the important question had been the wish of those who form, or who direct, the majorities of the Houte. The honourable gentleman who had made the motion, had expressed all the diffidence which it became him to express as a young and unexperienced member of that House; but his speech had fully proved that he was equal to any talk which he might think proper to assign himtelf; lie had alluded to an opinion that it was imprudent, and might be dangerous tabring any great constitutional question into agitation in the pretent times. It certainly was foj and every real friend to liberty would rather wish to have many resolut ABlons on subjects raott faered to liberty, and to the preservation of the constitution, as they were framed and supported by our ancestors, than brinj them into agitation now, when they might receive much injury, byt could hardly obtain any new accession of strength; but as the honourable mover had thought proper to - ftftte a proportion to the House, highly proper in itfelt, and perfe£lly constitutional, he hoped the House would adopt it, and hot by a rejection give the colour for an assertion that they thought the proportion wrong, or that they were of a different opinion.

Tn the course of remarks upon the riots, he professed some f/mpathy with that unfortunate man, the Lord NJayor of London, who was, he underwood, to pay all the danpages of Mr. Langdale’s prdfecution. He remembered that magi - ffrate when he kept an excellent tavern, to which he, who Was fond of taverns at that time of day, frequently resorted.

' Honeff Brackjy Kennet gave good dinners and made a long bill, bpt it was the lead of his expe£la, tions at that time, he would ever be called to account for not saving the capitals The honourable and learned gentleman thought our liberties failed by the public spirit of our loldiery; but for his part, who had converted much with the military profession, he fbpnld be very terry to rest the freedom of his country on fvjjch a foundation, if they were frequently to be invested ♦ With those powers they possessed in June last. By the habitude of such tervices the minds - of men gradually acquired ’ ablood - thirsty and ferocious nature, and it might readily be

conceived

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

conceived how apt the foldicry would he to abuse a flattering authority, to which they have been formerly unaccustomed. To such a pitch of vanity did the common ibldiers arrive irj June lad from being told they were magistrates, and heing I cloathed in fa& with the powers of migidracy, that he had

beard them frequently address each other by the title of

fPbr/hip.

"He was firmly and fully of opinion that an indemnity bill necessary to the character of the minider, as well as to the security of the subject. After the riot about the Gin A; £fc there was an Indemnity A£; and it hud always been thought by constitutional men as necessary, in order that the illegality of employing the military might be recognized by Parliament.

Mt. Pelham. Mr. Pelham said that a ( ingle indance of mal - practice in the executive administration of a city police, was by no means 3. sufficient foundation for destroying the established fydem of interior government, and introducing a new one.

Ld. North. ’ Lord North {hen rose, and began with some animadversions upon the imputation which had been urged against him by Mr. T. Townshend of having contributed to hoot an honourable member [ Mr. Burke ] into silence, when he had risen a few days ago in that House, to express his sentiments upon a great conditutfonal auedion He afliired the honourable member who had made the accusation against him, that ho equally disapproved and despised such kind of conduct, and that as he always heard the honourable gentleman alluded to, with infinite satisfaction when he didspeak, so it was his entire wish and inclination, that he should be deprived of no fair opportunity of displaying; but that he, in common with every other individual present, should be permitted their jud constitutional right, as members of that House, of fuggeding their sentiments with freedom, and with an entire exemption from every species of interruption and obdru6tion ., It was a hJtrfh and unauthorised conclusion to infer, that hpcause an accidental noise had been made towards the lower end of the house when an honourable member was preparing to speak, who, on other occasions had always deserved, ana almod al ? Ways met with attention, that therefore the minister had fodered an intention of putting an end to all parliamentary dHcuffion, and bf comp llingfhe members into a silent acqui ? efcence with his measures. These precipitate inferences were often made against him in rthat adembly, and were as ungenerous to him as unjud in Ate authors of them. Why should h have entertained a wish tb preclude difeuflion on the nature

of

A. titii. DEBATES.

of the bill, that was the subject of their debate when this interruption took place ? It was the mutiny bill for Ireland and he was responsible for it to the Parliament of this country One of the charges that were made was against the Earl of Strafford, in the famous impeachment against him, confided in an accusation of mal - administration in Ireland. He was "therefore open to the fame species of danger, and could riot be fb weak as to entertain an idea of precluding the discussion of a subject, which, by the nature of his office, he was amenable for, and, by the usage of Parliament, any member had a right to complain of His own opinion was, that the honourable gentleman gave up the point too soon. Some little noise had happened at the bar by gentlemen moving to or from their feats, and he had too hastily misconstrued it into an expression of disinclination to hear him, Having cleared himself of this very unfavourable assertion, the noble lord proceeded t6 speak to the motion before the House. The honourable gentleman he fafld, who had opened his motion with such particular ability, had mentioned it in his introduction as a matter of surprise, and as a confirmation of his sentiments concerning the subject matter of the motion, that the ministers had not petitioned the House for aif act of indemnity, after they had been guilty of having recourse to the military power on the 7th of June last. The ministers, hesaid, had several reasons for entertaining no such idea nor intention In the first place, an act Of indemnity, in his conception, evas only necessary where one individual wjk liable to a prosecution from having done another an injury, by an Act which had nevertheless been productive of the greatest public utility.. It forAfctimes happened, that in the accidental confluences of tfhofe ' great political measures, which, from the emergency of the particular crisis were necessarily to be adopted, without the knowledge Or con - fens of Parliament, some particular citizen might sustain con - frderable injury, and as the minister had exceeded law in the execution of the iheafure Which had produced this injury, the fuffeting man could1 have a legal action against the miniftef, add might Recover damages in a court of justice. In such iri - stances, therefore, it Was necessary for1 the author of such a njeafarb to have recourse td Parliament to secure him against the stigma and inconveniences which would attend a convic - ' tion in aeofarof justice, arid it had Been the uniform practice of Parliament to grant these indemnifications With alacrity 9rid pleaforer j teat, in the present iriftahfce, what individual ' < #39 there Who couldpretend to have sustained art injury ? Iji protecting the lives and securing the property of his Maje - VOL. II. CL % ’

PARLIAMENT ARY A. 781. v

fly’s subjects, he felt no apprehension of a prosecution. If any, such in fiance should occur, then, and not till then, would he apply to Parliament, for it was never too late to supplicate their patronage, and to shield him against the effects of such an assault. Another reason why he had solicited no indemnity as yet, was this, that so long as Parliament wertf quiet as to his conduct, he required none. They had it in their power to impeach him, if they did not, that was his indemnity, and he was perfectly con tent with thetacit implication of prote&ion which they had hitherto, by their forbearance, afforded him, and he doubted not would continue to afford him. There was still another circumstance which had operated with him inducing him to neg ! e£Tthe application which the honourable gentleman seemed to expect, and that was this, a full and perfect consciousness that he had done his duty, and no more than ' his duty; that he therefore had no occasion for an indemnification, for the proper execution of duty required none. Ne - ceflity superseded all law, and constituted law. Where that existed, ' illegality was nonfnfe : there could he no illegality then properly considered, for the first of all laws inhered in such instances, andjuflified what it produced. Would any man seriously contend, that the dreadful tumults in June last had not constituted a necessity ? If they had, the remedy that was applied, however illegal under different circumstances, and under different circumstances he admitted it to be so, ceased to deserve that appellation, and became as perfectly constitutional, as any act could be under any possible suppo - fition or situation whatever. The principal object of the motion, as he understood if, was this, to regulate and define the circumstances under which, and which only, it should be proper and legal to recur to the military power. An attempt of this kind was, in his estimation, perfectly impracticable. There could be no definition comprehensive enough to include all the poifible variety of cases which might occur j and what would be the consequence, if an instance should happen not embraced in the description, but this, that there proa Id bean unavoidable timidity in the executive power, and the eife&s of any tumult might extend to a degree fatal to the constitu tion and existence of the country ? But where would gentle men choose to have the power reposed, of preventing improper applications of the military ? Surely not in better hands than it now was; for this power was in the possession of Parliament. Nothing could justify the introduction of this ' power but necessity, and the Parliament always had the right 1 of

c ’ *

n5

A 1781 -

DEBATES,

of enquiring into the nature and degree of that necessity. If it Was made afalfe plea then they could punish the authors of it; if not, nothing illegal had been committed, and the liberties and constitution of the people remained untouched and uninfringed. With respect to this particular point therefore, he did not deem the improvement practicable, for the rights of the people, and the properties of the constitution could be nowhere so securely defended as in the protection of Parliament, and there it reftea at present. If any immediate remedy however had beenN either wanted or practicable, it certainly was not likely to be produced by the motion in question. The terms 01 that were too vague, and too indefinite, either, to operate as a direction or a security to the persons concerned in the execution of the business implied in it. How could military men underftarid them ? It was acknowledged that soldiers were not the most conversant ' in law. What then would they be able to make of such a wide description/as this, namely [ here his lordship read the motion ] that the military power mould only be justifiable " when the iubversion of the constitution, &c. appeared probable, and the tafety of the kingdom in danger. " How were men avowedly not feilledin discrimination, and too modest to confide much in their own talent to be able to perceive when this critical moment was or was not arrived ? It is very likely they might err in their construction, and if they did, there was no appeal against them, ' and they could not be resporifible for any consequences arising from their injudicious exercise of a legal power; whereas the ministers in whom that occasional power was now in some degree invested, were always amenable to Parliament for their just application of it, ana Parliament therefore were in the ultimate possession of that prerogative. His lordship proceeded to remark, that he did not expedfc to hear so vague a difeuflion introduced from the simple foundation of a bare, motion for the regulation of the police of Westminster; but whatever SBgbt be his opinion of that police he would suspend his senti - mpntsfidr the present, and content himself with opposing a motion too indefinite to be either clearly intelligible or ea : fily, prafhcable and not calculated for the redress of any constitu - ttOnal grievance whatever.

Mr. Turner remarked, that the magistrates of Westmin - Mi. Tiriw.

fitor plight very fairly be compared to rat - catchers; for in their endeavours to destroy the human vermin, which it was

their business to pursue, they were sure to leave some for the of the breed.

Q. 2

Sir

? jt6 PARLIAMENTARY A. IJ8 *.

Sir Gemjt $\r George jSuvile professed himfdf much obliged to the

tfiviik. learnqd gentleman who had gone so far into the arguments he had used in the trial of Lord George Gordon. He had not been able to obtain admission at that trial, and he felt his gu - riofity gratified by the recital; but for what other purpose they were recapitulated, other than to gratify the cuiiofity of gentlemen in his predicament, he could not ( ice, as they were foreign to the question now before the House, A part indeed of the learned gentleman’s speech had been more immediately pointed to the subject in debate, but it contained doctrines at which he felt himself much alarmed, as highly dangerous to the eonftitution, because it went to disguise that great source of danger, that constant object of terror, to every man who valued constitutional liberty, a ( landing army. Soldiers, we were told, were to be considered in common with other subjects; three or four of them were formed into a file, others were added; they were lengthened and deepened into Golumns and battalions, and Hill considered merely as citizens, perfectly harmless to the eonftitution; and we were told to fort of danger whatever was to be apprehended from

employing them in services which the voice of the ancient law, and the policy of our most virtuous ancestors, had guarded most anxiously against their being employed. Admitting the quibble for a moment, he said, that such doctrine might be law, with respect to the interposition of one single individual, would the learned gentleman, who had that day maintained this opinion in the House, farther contend that there w$ts no difference between one man’s that one man to be a soldier, and a re to ad under the c

jrposes ? The learned gentleman knew this to be an unconstitutional doctrine, and when he mentioned it there, he doubtless had recourse to some such personal bifec - tion as was referred to in his doctrine, and gave this opinion, not as a lawyer, but as a member of Parliament only. He would willingly, he said, have waved the difeuflion of this business, but as it was fairly before the House, ministers ought to be very cautious how they proceeded concerning it; they ought to ad with caption, for oy negatifipg the proportion which had been made to them, they would in all probability excite suspicions and opinions very injurious to the safety of the country, and the preservation of cooftitation. What would the world think when they put ftejfe cjjrcum - jft nces together f The crown appoints the magistrates of

Westminster,

- Upon by the King and execute his p

interfering, admitting gular body being called Dmmand of his officers.

A. 1781 DEBATES 11

Wefhtoinster, and ministers contend, that the introduction of the military is to be directed by the mandate of such magistrates, and by no other influence whatever. This had a very suspicious aspect, and might produce bad consequences. He cast no reflection, but he would wish every cause for reflection on a subject of such importance, to be totally removed. Magistrates would also naturally grow careless, if they were apprized of the doftvine that the military might possibly aft without them, and ©ccafions therefore of necessity would be eventually increased to such a degree to their unconditional assistance, as to render both expedient and - unavoidable.

Sir George argued this point with great Solidity and precision.

Sir Grey Cooper endeavoured to judify the employment ofsir crty

military men io the suppression of tumults, and the ideas that on such an occasion they were considered in the eye Of the law in common with other subjects, by ancient precedents as high as the reign of Henry the Seventh, when a tumult was suppressed by the ( heriff of Norfolk, aided by three hundred men in array, not soldiers indeed in the modern sense of the word, but such men as had conquered at Cressy and Agin - cotfrt, men Serving under feudal tenors, and possessed of all the Superior advantages of discipline which the times could give; but no danger was apprehended from them, and in the cases where their conduct, in suppressing the tumults, was mentioned, it was greatly applauded.

Mr. Fox Said, that much of what had been urged against Mfr die motion of his honourable friend might have been Spared, if the words of his motion had been attended to All that was said about employing the military under the direction of the civil power was totally nugatory; nobody disputed it.

The case quoted was, that three hundred military men acted under the direction of the ( heriff, who was thje person of all others the most proper, and on whom the condi tution principally depended for the suppression of tumults and popular com - *, motions. The opinion thrown out by the solicitor general, that the Housewas unequal to the talk of debating with propriety on naval and military quedions, and particularly on questions of law, and that foolish and improper things were said in popular assemblies, were treated with a numerous, but pointed and keen severity. He retorted on the solicitor at the conclusion of every period, and shewed the gross impropriety of he aSSertion, in a manner equally convincing and humourous. He Said, he had been always used to look upon

popular

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

popular assembiies, as the most advantageous places, for free and important discussion; had been early initiated in them himself, and had been taught both by habit and reflexion, that the remaining parts of the constitution had been prefer - ved by thpir means, and their means only. But why did he speak of constitution } This was Tome of the foolish things usual in popular assembiies, which the learned gentleman did not or would not understand.. The learned gentleman had expressed it as his opinion, that a, soldier in a case of emergency, acted only as a common individual; and yet he had granted that in lo acting, he was still under the controul of officers, and subject to punishment for disobedience. How did these parts of the learned gentleman’s reasoning agree ? But, after having, hazarded an assertion, that many foolish things were laid in popular assembiies, perhaps the learned gentleman conceived himself under a necessity of producing a proof of his assertion; and had therefore made this remark upon the tail of his declaration. Mr. Fox farther accused the solicitor general of replying to his observations Tome days after they were made; by which means he reduced him to the very uncomfortable alternative of being either silent as to his own vindication, or of violating the established order of the House, which did not admit a member to repeat what had been said on any preceding day. As to the proportions of his honourable friend, he highly approved of them, and he paid warm and ardent encomiums to him on the elegance and the energy of the speech with which he had introduced them. He said, at the same time, that he had not flattered his friend with the expectation of success—he had not given him any encouragement to the attempt; for he had been longer in Parliament than his honourable friend, and he knew the dif - poiition of the House too well, to be sanguine in his profpe6ts on any constitutional question.

The Solicitor General answered Mr. Fox, and said, the gentleman had accused him of having spoken contemptibly of that assembly. He was sorry he was compelled to give a direct denial to that assertion, the fact being, that he had never entertained the mod distant idea of so ridiculous and pre - sumptuous a proceeding. The honourable gentleman had also charged him with having said that many foolish things had

been spoken in that assembly. - - - He had the Tame reply to make to this second imputation, which was to deny it flatly. As for the third, he laid, he felt it of much less consequence but he assured Mr. Fox, that he had been mistaken in sup -

2I9

A 1, 781.

DEBATES.

poling that any part of his first speech had been produced by his [ Mr. Fox’s ] animadversions upon the trial of Lord George Gordon in a preceding debate, an occasion having been given him by the honourable gentleman who introduced the motion, to enter into the explanation of that affair with which he had troubled the House, without any reference to the previous debate whatever.

The Attorney General confined himself principally to the The Atfr - jollification of the trial ' of Lord George Gordon, and of his own conduct, but gave a general opinion against the motion.

Mr. Dunning, on riling, said he tauft add to the number Mr.

of lawyers, of whom four had now spoke on the question,

He said four, because he included an honourable gentleman,

[ Sir Grey Cooper ] who had left the honours of a profession in his, view, for the advantages of another within his reach.

After a vei y cool and masterly view of the general topics, he confined himself to the proportion which they were called upon to adopt, by a vote; this he highly approved; it contained a palpable truifm, a fa£l which no man who had any regard for the constitution would dilpute, and not, as had been said, a vague definition.

The House now calling for, the question, Mr. Sheridan repeated his desire, that the first motion might be withdrawn, which was complied with. The House then divided on the second proposition, when there appeared,

For the motion, 94; against it, 171.

The third motion was negatived without a division.

The following Papers were laid before the House.

An Account of Extraordinary Services and paid by the

Right Honourable Richard Rigby, Pay General of His Afa - jefifs Forces, between the 3 if of January 1780, and the r

hruary 1781, and not provided for by Parliament,

Dates ' of Warrants. "

1780. £, s. d,

July. 20. To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esqrs, in full of a warrant for 500001. to be by them applied and inverted In the purcha -

sing Spanish and Portugal coins, for the use and -

service of His Majesty ’ a forces fenring in North America — — $8 45 9 2

27. To do. to be by them inreiled in Spanish and Portugal coins, for the afe and service of His /

Majesty’s forces serving in do.

1oooo o o Aug.

P A R L I A M E N t A R Y; A. 9t.

1780.

Aug. 5. To do. to be by them invested in Spa -

nifti and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces, serving in do. — 111987 n 11

Sept. 30. To do. to be by them invested in Spa - niih and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty tf forces serving id do. 153791 # 9

Odf. 19. To do. to be by them invested in Spa - Hh and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in do. — 2, 50000 o o

Nov. 6. To do. to be by them invested in Spa - nish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty ' s forces serving in do. — 286582 5 7

To do. to be by theip invested in Spanish and Portugal coins, for the afe and service of His Majesty’s forces serving itt do. 149012 13 6

24. To do. to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in do. — 154480 x£ 9

Dec. 13. Ta do. to be by them invested in Spain ( h and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in do. — 1x0712 12 3

29. To do. to be by thcnr invested in Spani - fh and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in do. — 12976 111

Dec 29. To do. to be by them invested in Spa - ftfifti and Portugal coina, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving id do — 37295 7

1781.

Jan. ro. To do. tabe by them invested in Spa nish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His MajestyVforces serving in do. - 82101 7 3

15. To do. to be by them invested in Spanifti and Portugal coins, ordered to be iflhed a9 for the American service, bat a&ually font for the use and service of His MajestyY troops at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for the use of the tftoops sent with Commodore johnftone rr — 75000 o o

84544 ' 4 8 Towards the aforegoing payments to MeftT. Harjey and Drummond, apply the following. sums, via.

Cash received at sundry times of General Elliot *

Governor of Gibraltar, on account of the fubiift - ence of the forces serving in that garrison ' 34065 00

A. 1781.

D E 9T E

121

s 1780.

Brought forward.

Do received of General Murray, Governor of Minorca, for do. of the forces serving in that garrison

34065 9 o

6932 5 10

40997 5

' 1780.. -

Feb. 11. To Sir William James Baronet, Abel Smith, William Baynes, and Richard Atkin ion, Esqrs. for provisions delivered at Quebec, for the use of the forces serving in Canada

March 20. To Sir William James, Baronet Abel Smith John Roberts, and Richard Atkin ion, Esqrs, for Provisions delivered into storehou let at Deptford and elsewhere, on the river Thames, for the use of the forces in do. — *

To do. for do. service § —

To do. for do. service

April 11. To do. for do. service —

29. To do. fordo, service —6— -

May 26. To do for do. service ——

July S. To do. for provisions delivered into ( lores at Cowes, for the use of do forces

Aug. 11 kTo do. fordo, service - - - - -

O&. 24 To do. for do. service *

Nov. 13. To do. - for provisions delivered at Deptford and Cowes, for - the use of do. forces. March 23.. To John Durand, Esq. for provisions delivered into ( lores at Corke, for the use of the forces serving at New York and its dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida —

April 6. To do. fordo, service —

- f ] 1 To do. for do, service — «

May 24 To do, fordo, service r - - - 1

July 8. To do. for do service

Nov. 1. To do. for do. service ' — —— -

March 23. To Ad am Drummond, Moses Franks, rind John Nelbitt, hfqrs, for provisions delivered into ( lorehouses at Corke for the use of the forces serving in North America

April 11. To do for do. service - - - —

. May 24. To do. for do. service — > - June 28. To Jo. fordo, service —

Aug. 25. To dovfor do. service - - - *

Nov. 1. To do. for do service - - - - -

June 2it. To the representatives of Arnold Neibitt, and to Adam Drummond and Moses Vol. IK R

1804443 18 10

3 6 a 1

64856 13 4

59 ° 9 3 26500 o o 7408 8 a. 18015 5 8 34885 9 7

77751 o to

34593 8 10

12045 x 9 4122 16 3

9821 12 199 15

3113 S 16846 17 2874 8 2364 7

6243 14

T4097 8

22439 218 48 2

8236 3

8256 15

Franks,

m

PARLIAMENTARY

1780.

Franks, Esqrs, for provisions spoiled by the loft of the Betfey transport —,

March 23. To Sir George Womb well, Baronet, John Hehniker, and William Devaynes, Esqrs, for provisions delivered into storehouses at Corke, far the use of the forceaferving at New York and ke dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida To - do, for da *. service —

To - do. 4b - do service — - - - - -

To do. for do. service

To do. for do. service

To do. for do. ferWee

. May 19. To do. for do. service —

To do. for do. service. .. — -

July 3. To do. for do. service —

Aug. 11. Tb do. for do. femee ——

25. To do. for do. service. —

April 6 ' To Thomas Hazlewnod, Esq. for provisions delivered - into florehouset - at Corke, for the use of the forces serving at New York and its # dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida March 23. To Render Mafen and John White - lock, Esqrs, for proviftens delivered into store houses at Corkc, for the use of the forces serving ' at New York and its dependencies, in Georgia *

and in East Florida -.

April ii. To do. for do. service May 19. To do. foe do. service

a4—To - do for do. service - - - - -

July 8. To do. for do. service - -

April it. To James Bogle French, Esq. for provisions delivered into storehouses at Corke, for the use of : the forces serving at New York and its dependencies, in Georgia, and in East Florida May 24. To do. fordo#service ——

June 2. To do. for do. service. ..

April 4. To Benjamin Smith, William Fitz - hugh, and James Powis, Esqrs, for provisions dc -. livered into storehouses at Corke for the use of the forces serving in America ' ——

To do. for do. service

Aug. 3 Td do. for do. service April 19, To Robert Mnyne, ' Eiq. for provisions delivered into storehouses at Corke, for the use of the - fotces serving hi America — -

Aug. 3 Todo. lor do. service ——

Nov. 13, To do. for do. service — — March 10. To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esqrs, for provisions delivered into

V

A 178k. ' £• '

783 I z•

I1892 10 o 11003 13

4454 13 9

2981 13 o 11031 18 4 11040 13 6

20091, 6 IO974 1

7601 10 o 1902 19. 0

9779 o

10829. 0. 0

$4. 21 7 6

1 3398 iB 9 1992 7 6

1063 11 3

1786 5 o

5459 10 o 3374 5 ' r274 13 ' 7

J

24156 4 9

14751 ti 6 35944 7 4

' 17 t78 9 H

17390 9 11 452 10 o

. w

Kijdu DEBATES.

1780. £. V.

itorehouses at Deptford, and elsewhere on the river Thame ?, for the use o fthe forces serving in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland — -.. 19801 7 5

20. To do. for da. service " ■,.. 7500 o

April is. To do. for do. service — - 11894. 11 o

29. To do. for do. fer vice — ■. 3191 12 9

. June 2. To do. for do, service — — 29256 12 3

To do, far do. service « ?. - — 19162 19

June 2. To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esqrs, for victualling the forces at Sr.

John ’ s, and its dependencies, between 24th December 1778, und 9th Pecember 1779, and for provisions condemned — — 4647 $ if

To do. for victualling the forces at do. between the 10th and 31ft December 779, and for provisions condemned - — — 807 ' 3 9

July 8. To do. for provisions delivered into florehou fes, at Deptford, and elsewhere on the fiver Thames, for the use of the forces serving in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland — x 222 1, 3

20. To do. for victualling the forces at Nova Scotia, between the 3d November 1779, and l8th April 1780 ? 775 ° 5 7

Aug. ii. To do. for victualling the forces at Nova Scotia, and St. John ’ s, Newfoundland, between the 1 A of January and 12th May 1780, and for provisions condemned at St. John’s Newfoundland — ? - 2194 o 2

Nov. 13. To do. for provisions issued to the

forces at St. John’s and its dependencies, iq New ? foundland, between the 13th May and ? §ih July 1780, for provisions condemned - — - 1563 5 f

. Dec. 7. To do. for provisions issued to the forces at Halifax, &c. in Nova Scotia, between the

19th April and 13th June 1780 — - - - 4334 9

March 10. To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esqjrs, for provisions delivered into storehouses, at Deptford, and elsewhere on therir ver Thames, for the use of the forces serving in West Florida — 9, 060 I 3

April 19, To do, for ' vi&uaHing the civil branch of the ordnance at Pensacola, between the xft October 1778, and 30th September 1779, for provisions supplied to ’ the post at Mancha ?, to 29 h Auguf 1779J an < so do. delivered to John Do - rimer, hospital surgeon, between the 23th December 1778, and 24th December 1779 6n6 t S

June 19. To John Stephenson and John Blackburn, Esqrs, for provisions issued to the troops at

R a Redcliffe,

113

PARLIA MEN T ARY

1780.

Reddiffe, Pensacola, and Mobille, to 24th Dec. J779, and for provisions condemned at Pensacola Aug. 3. To. do. for provisions condemned in West Florida, between the 18th of Nor. 1779, and 20th. Jan. 1780

June 15. To Render Mason, esq, for victualling the forces in East Florida, and the out posts, between the 25th June and 24th OCt. 1779

19. To do. for provisions sent by him to St. Au - gustine, and ordered from thence to Georgia July 20. To do. for victualling the forces in the garrison of St. Augustiqe, between the 24th February $qd 3d April, 178 —

Aug. 3. To do. for yi faUing do. between the v 25th OCt. 1779, and 23 < J/Feb. 1780 /

Nov. 13. To do. for provisions issued to the out posts dependent on the garrison of St. Augustine, between 23th OCt. 1779, and 24th April 1780, and for provisions condemned ——

Feb. 22. To Anthony Bacon, esq. for provisions delivered into storehouses at Deptford, and elsewhere, on the river Thames, for the use of the forces ftrving in the West Indies April 6. To dp. for do. service - - May 19. To do. for dot service m

June 2b‘. To do. fordo, service -

Nov. 28. To do. for do. service - ? — -

To do. for provisions delivered at Cowes, for the use of do. forces —

Feb. 11. To George Browne, esq, for provU fions, stores, and disbursements for the use of the garrison at Goree — 3505 8 5

29. To do. for sundry goods /hipped for the use of the troops in garrifoq at Goree. - 1936 3 10

June 19. To do. for provisions sent to do. —— ' 2014 3 t 9

Aug. 29. To do. fqr wipe and other articles sent to do. ? 957, 6 9

June 23. To Sir George Wombwell, contract - or for victualling the garrison of Gibraltar, for victualling the fame, between the 17th Jan. and j th March, 178Q

A 1781 £• r# d *

10523 13 9 623 17 6

4447 3 6694 xo x

9 4 17 6 43 10 J

1907 16 8

10480 1 6 18477 13 8399 17 j

4 3 S 19362 4 Q

360 ?; 8 g

•10413 2 4

8391 9 6

916770 19 7

Towards

A• D £ B A T E

1780 *.

Towards the expence of provisions delivered to, the British forces. in North America, Nova Scotia,

Newfoundland, &c. apply the fu voted upon estimate 1780, for th service —~

Towards the expence of provisions delivered to the foreign do. serving in do. apply the futn voted upon do.

Towards the expence of provi 60ns delivered to the British do. serving in the West Indies, apr ply the sum voted upon do ., Also the sum flopped for provisions delivered to the said for ces, between the 15th of June,

1779, and 24th Dec. following Do. for do. delivered to the

laid forces, between the 25th of Dec. 1779 and the 24th June,

Towards the expence of provisions delivered to the corps Africa, apply the sum voted upon estimate 1780, for that service Towards the expence of provisions delivered to the British forces serving at Gibraltar, apply the sum voted upon estimate

1780, for that service

Also the sum voted ppon do. for provisions delivered to the foreign do. serving in do, garrison

n 927 4 9 48801 10 6 17732 14 o 69137 12 4

64399 3 Ms 5000 0

29878 It 2 9390 IO l\

■ ' 3 7367 6

359+03 13 4f

Mar. 20. To Thomas Harley, esq, upon account for provisions sent by him for the supply of the garrison of Minorca

July 20. To do. for do. service —

ax. To do. for a balance of an account of beef sent to do. garrison, between the 21ft Dec. 1773,

and 30th Jan. 1780 - - - - -

May 1. To Thomas Farrer, esq. for a cargo of wb$at, shipped for the use of do. garrison

14000 o Q 6000 o o

4 4 > 3 6

1190 o 9 To

PARLIAMENTARY

17 0.

1 o do. for do. service —

To do. for do. service — —

April 11. To Hehry Budd, esq, for keeping up provisions in the island of Jersey > May 19. To do. for do. service in the island of Guernsey v ——— *

. Aug. 11. To do. for do. service in do.

Nov. 24. To do. for do. service in the island

Jersey — -

April 11. To William Budd, esq. for keeping up provisions in the island of Jersey

May 19. To do. for do. service in the island of

Guernsey - - - - -

Nov. 13. To do. for do. service in do.

24. To do. for do. service in the island of Jersey

June 28. To Stmon Frafer, esq. being a balance due and payable to him for furnishing bread, wood, &c. to the forces encamped in the year 1778 Mar. 20. To John Maton, esq. upon account for supplying do. to the forces encamped in the summer 1779 ' -

July 19. To do. for do. service May 19. To Mathew Cox, esq. by way of advance, on account for supplying ao. to the forces encamped in the summer 1780 —

July 7. To do. in further advance in do. service 27. To do. in further advance for do. service Aug. it. To do. in further advance for do. fer -

, vice r— - - - - -

25. To do. in further advance for do. service Sept. 19. To do. in further advance for do.

service - - - - —

30. To do. in further advance for do. service l ) ec. 22. To do. in further advance fordo, fer -

Mar. 20. To. Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for freight of sundry ships employed in carrying provisions and stores to North America, for the use of the forces there

To do. for do service

12 6

18, 6

3 3 o 4 3 3 o 4

5 3 - 0 4

3 3 o 4

300 o 0

300 o 0 300 0 0. 3 ° ° o 0

MS 1 4

4665 ta 3

8500 o 0 1300 o 0

10000 0 0 4$00 o o 4500 o 0

4300 o o 4500 o o

4500 o o 4300 o o

4207 r 1

65672 13 6

914 18 8

> 939 *

A. 178

f ) E B A \T E S *

i7$q.

To do. for do. fervke To do. for do. service -

To do. for do. Service — « — To do. for do. service To do. - for do. service — -

To do. for 4p. service

To, do. far do. service —

May i. To do. far - dot service Todo. /or do. service — -

To do. for do. service —

To do. Jbr do. service -. To do. for do. service —

To do. fordo, service - - - - -

- 26, To - do. for do. service To do. for do. fprvice — *

To do. for do. service -

To do. for do. - service Tojdo. for do. service —

To do. for do. fer+ice June 30. To do. for do. service To do. for do. service - - — —

To do. for do. service To do. fordo, service —

July 34 - To do. for do. service To do, for do. ferrite —

To rio. for do. service —

To do. for do. service To do. for do. service ———

Aug. iii To do. for do. service To do. for do. service « —

To do. for do. service To do. for do. service —

Oft. 24 To do. - for - do. service To do. for - do. service •—

To do. for xb. service -

To do. for - do. service To do. for do. service — To do. for do. service —

To do. for do. service To do. for do. service —

Nor. 24,. To do. for do. service To do. for do. service —

To do. ' for, do. service To do. for do. service -

Dec. 21. To do. for do. service To do. for do. fervke

£ u 4

lo. gj k > 11

4 « 6 6

16 if 1

1440 7

6SS 6 9

7i : 7 4

74 4 9 jc

689 7 9

$ *. ' 5 8

4 f 5 6

19 x©

S o 0 9

0734 5 0

33 ° 9 6 1

‘ 5® 9

9 9 6 8

37 7 ' 2

4 9 9 X

goo 11

915 18 8

694 5 2

216 9 X

5433 9 II

499 7 7

, 2992 12 6

939 I t

182 4 0

3 9 7 X

453 1 5

689 2 9

1071 16 9

5 75 0 3

97 i5S 1 10 9

746 12 8

694 5 2

. 376 7 2

216 9 1 *

473 3

■ a 3 9 6 7

1293 10 4

181 4 0

6 53 s

, 633 7 2 -

47® 2 11

1i20to 17 8

Mar *

uS

F ARLIAM&NT ARY

Mar. 20. To Messrs Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the hire and maintenance of extra seamen put on board sundry ships employed in carrying provisions and stores to North America, for the life of the forces there —

May i. To do. fordo, ( erviee

26. To do. for do. service

June 30. To do. for do. service « —

•July 31. To do. fordo, service —

Odt. 24 To do. for do. service - —

' Dec, 21, To do, fordo service -

A 1781 *

£ * d *

4262 7 6

13402 1 4

$x9 ° 9 9 1101 4 z

3854 12 1

1097 12 11 7161 7 2

36068 14 JO

\ June 30. To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson, for the value of the ship Duke of Leinster, taken by the French, while employed in carrying pro -

visions to North America - - - 2S26 3 4

Aug. 21. To do. for the value of the ship Har - monia, taken by the enemy while employed in carrying oats to America - —— 1507 10 4

- 4333 5 8

Aug. 3 - t. To the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Caflel, for. levy money, for 70 - Hanau recruits. 505 6 3

Nov. 14. To the Margrave of A nfpach, towards payment of an account of pay and levy money for

recruits — 1230 0 0

To the landgrave of Hesse, for levy money for

931 recruits, for the troops of the said landgrave 6720 13 1

17. To the prince of Anhalt Zerbft, for do. for

172 recruits. — - — 1602 ir 3 i

10, 058 10 7

Mar. 20. To Messrs. Mure, Son, and Atkinson,

shoes sent to Jamaica - —— 1$$ 13 t

• To do. for cloathing, horse accoutrements, and '

( lores sent to : Georgia, for the service of the forces

there - - - — - 192 S 9

July 14. To. do. for barrack furniture, and •ther ( lores, shipped for the forces in Canada 7643 7 7

To do. for vipegar sent to America, for the service of the forces there 30 3

31. To do. for oats sent for the use of the forces ip North America — - - 23420 3

Aug *

1

\ -

le

Aug. ii. To do. far cany ? uip gc Ac ut r meats, doathing, and storca shipped _ ioiLthe fer -, > ' vice of the foVces; n America — - 9356 i 1

To do. for do. feryice. - < r— 1 68go 10 7

0&. 24. To do. for oau femJpr tfcspfe of the— n. -

fonts iq North America,.. - - - - -. .. nsa - ' 39 8 19 8

Nov. 28/ To do. for accoutrements *, cloatfcing,

and stores, font to Ajiujrica, for the % vice of the forces t ere. =— - > > 7W S 7

To do. for camp equipage, accoutrements, and r \ stores, font to do. foj the serv of do. forces 1699 12 0

July 14. TOj Thomas Hurley, for cloathing, blafckets, and hose, fentfor the service of the

armyinCanada ' M y. —p - bn. 0 6468 it 6

24. To do. for cloathing sent tpthe, Provincial -,.. troops in North America. ... r.. — - .; 9753 6

Todo. for do. service —. j. 9282 4 8

T ( do. foyfyodry articles of cloathing, ient for theife or the army yi dp *, ., r. 1 M

To do. for sundry do. for the toth, 4; th, and f d jegigients of foot, to replace the cloathing of these regiments, taken for the use of the Provin * - cial roops — ' 1 1 j •"

178 *. ‘ *. ... t x (. w;.

Jan. 12. To do. fijr blaqk s proxi&4 for the troops in Welt - Indies t.

March 11. To Willianv for pre -

sects to the Indians on the hdMfqpi ailip

May 1. To do. forprefehu to the Indians in Canada r r

To do. for presents to the Indian sin. the South distiid of ejvca ’ '. 7—= - V - - v : '

t ) ec. f4. To do for prefen to the Indiana in West Florida - jr— r - —A (, rr—i -

M rch, 23 To Joha trouerr Esq; for hospital bedding, and divf# ufen fils for the jufeol the forces in St. Lucia t; - — « ■.. j /; j 5 -

Ajjrilj Jo do. for 4o. ior the use p the - fbfees

May 22. To do. fqr do for tfieufeef hc force *

io North. America — *

Sept. 23. To do. for Jftores for the hpfpjtai in North America, and for the use of the 4 <; k it ) the infirn ary at Stromholo house, Ohelfea, in the.

1779# ! >. i I 4 r ' i 1v

U ) CC « x To Capt. William Barrington, in con - fidetation of the Losses he sustained in the Assis - Vol. II. S fiance

6491 11

: \ \ r 3189 8 4

« 47 « S 9 4731 17 a

r 1

13034 LQ 6

. t ' -

83fl, v « n 6"

- .;. r

722P $. ! § ;

2086 18

1 :.. A. ’ *. t 3999, 10.

- M bti.

65 ! lrS, ;

' 1 « > f. ♦ '

' « 1 < r

m 9 7

I#

. > > : T

P ARLIAMENt

779 -

fiance transportfidg, in his passage to Halifax, and in the Minerva transfMlft i e N ? ? 6irRhode Island to New York ' t ' —

1780. 0 - - r - - - * '

F b. 8. JJV Capt. Stephen "Wjtts,. for the cure of a wound receded id a£$d& h FFdrtrStaii -

wixy in No ? t4f America - - - sss — - 0

To Capt/Edward ' BafWn, beWgftMYMajesty, l bounty for the iofe ( ft tbfe die of ms leg, ' lA the~ a < Ton at ? Bankers Hill, ryrt\ June 177 f ~ March 1. To tlte ej eSfi£iVck, ’ of the late Major General Scott, for > dOathtdif of the 16th regiment, taken by the : fefcels ih Canada, Alt. 1 7 £ To Colonel GeorgB Gafthf, & > r trie ' lbiFes < he sustained in bUgfcage and; camp equipage; by the capture of the hip Champion by thd French

i3. To ' Mho Jamea Me Ilrairh *, ~for the falue of sundry articles delivered at Goree, for his M - jcity’s service n. - JU - oi. —

17. To Captain Johir jones, in consideratlqfi of his losses by the c&ptuieof - Jthe ’ ffitp ' Ch. irtpiOto ' taken by the French the 24th Septv 17 9 —

20. To Mr James Tttotoas, for brtiad sup - plied for the Wi of the government of Grenada 22. To Mr. Richard Littlewort, for repaip of •his ship, damaged duting thi VdvafiOnof Quebec '

in the years 177$ and 1776 - - - *. ——

April 20. To Captaip Urquhatr, for lofle fdf - tained by hint by the captuhfol ? the Shop ' Beftfey,

■ in 1775 —; - L - ul - r ' - b. 1

May y. : fTo Alexander Roft F. fqj. for fpnflry articles provided for the troops1 in Vif nia, and for hit pay, Id iKe year tjypi 9 - — -

8. To the Capratei o he 16th regimeit of ' dragoon for their contingent allowsnre ' from 25th June 17, 76 to 24th Det mber 1778 ’ * ’ '

ioth. To MefTrs. Shubrick add Ciemfoni f6t the charges of a boat for the forces in South Qa - rolina, from 28th May 177$1 to i 8 th Jan. ' 1776 0 2 ad. JTo lieutenant Robert Frank ! in, of the 42d regiment of foot by being taken by a rtW privateer - —. ‘ —

26 To Mr. Gilbert Hillock, for hii contingencies as barrack maifery &c « in the island of Sr ' Vincent ' s, to the 15th June 1779

Juge 2. Tdt Captain ~Mc LaugWtn, ’ of th f 55th regiment of foot, for Losses fujlaissed by bf

AA ? h.

£• b 4 -

f\ * ' /

‘•; 7v > f v;

; t. v i -

xeo o‘ o ‘

- .; ♦ x

' 9 « 9 fj c

166 *. o.

f, -

, OU < < J

if7i ‘

'. - "o : > r

• ». i, - h

, 4i

1.. « / v

* % ' }

' // - « I 1 ( ! I. *

4 *

o c

19 612 6 V

» '

i »

■; < '

. 8 > o v '

-, « wts r

# 1 tt

/. vV - >

. 11, i /

V

y 1 B A

¥ k : £ '

A. 1781. D fe

7& ° ’. ... i,;. :.. T - f

ing fbipwrecked on the coatt of Ireland, in his re turn from Jorth America

To Captain Cafhcart, ofjhe, 77th regiment of fbor, for loifes fpifyined by being taken by a rpbel - privateer, in his, passage ffpip New, Xprk to

15; To MefTrs Ad r. apd Co. for Losses fnf - tained by the officers oft be, 4 th regi rqeri t of, fpQr ^, t by being t ken off, the; Grades by the Count

t6. To John jfrafeif, Ef < j; a£Usg deppty gayr matter at Montreal, for the, contingencies of his

department r, — - '. < 1 -

29, To Thomas, Wilkiefon, for the arpowntpf brandies, taken out of a Dutch ffiip by the orde r of Governor Elliot, for the vfe of the gprrifon of Gibraltar, —r —

, July 4. To John Wentworth, Ef j hoing the balance of his account as governor of New Hampshire, from 13 th June 17, 7 to a5th J4 rph 1777 6. To Meffr #, Meyricks, to be by them paid over to sundry officer for conducting drafts for the forces ip North America - - - f

8. To the Hereditary Prince of Heflje, foepay advanced to an. addition l company of Hanan Chasseurs, and fame recruits for the troops of Banau, from the days of jtheir respective enlist - aentt to the 29th Ma/ h 779; fordfy, mopey t for the said company at ) d recrqits; for 0$ peaces on the march of do. to Portsmouth; and for pro portional subsidy for the said company, from the 29th March 1779 December following

14. To Mary Mince, widow and administra - trixof the late WilV m Mince, for the hire a vessel to bring dispatches, from Gambia - f.

•j221 To Captain WiUi % Hprqe, pay ' matter of the 48th regimeift - of, loot, to stiraburfefutjdry funw expended so % public services at Grenada, in

, 3I

fc T if

43 : 4

r - $4 4

- r ]. 6$ 4 ’ -

. aj0 o 9

— - 343 o a

7$# A

2#0 O - 9

2195 7

rr -. '. ' J® a

JJpvqobffti778 r 26. ToGeorc

& 26. To George Leonard, Efcfr ip part of payment for servicesporfntn hin Worth America ^, To Major Wilfeiw, AgnejvM ? of the 4th. ipgi - npntof foot, for the cure of a wound - he. received io America in 177 : '

August $. T % L put « n nt fioloppl Chariot QtHaga, Jfcte governor of ppqgafnhia, towards father payment of bts contingent disbursements for the Urvice of that province — *

S

, 446

2 Q

, 2000 4

r : 135 S tl

2000

10.

o

To

i3 *

PARLJ AMPN T KJST A. 178 *

1780.

v io. T&Mr. Joseph JVPLaugjilin for fqndry.. articles provided"by ’ h; ni as commifl - ry ' 2nd bar -; / rackimaflfcr at Grenada —,. ' — -. 657 ’ 6 4

11. To Mr. Robert AyY > fley, \fa¥ ’ tHd t value of1 4

a vessel and cargo, and the hire thereof, rmprefT d ' ' k‘ ' in the river Gambia, which tell httothe '. iiandsdfJ ' the French on the surrenderof rhat garrtfpn IS0 7

2i. To John Chriflapher, Eiq ? r e cv ° *. y. 5 pences in coming from Jamaica, by Artier ot Go - ' *; : J *

vernor Dalling, whh plans of \vir rf h ' ihll Spkiir 1 : 126o r 6\. q TV Captain JohtrM « > ney, for examining an ^, \ 1

flaring the acjcoatits ! of Jacob - Jortfui; contraflor t : ' ' : ' ’ c for furnishing hdrfes waggons, Me. tot the army •; ' ft Canada, - in the year 17; 7 " —~ ( CT

23. To the Prlttcedf Waideck ’, iiv ' drt ' of exrnf ', 1 ) 1 claims for YValdetik tro > fs - T ’ —— < r ao. To Lieutenant SmcHet CamjpbeiP, of the 71ft Regiment ot four, for the"COre of a wffffmi he ’ 1

received in an action aF avannah; in Gectr iu ♦ 1 ' ! 13©. O '

31. ToJ. Msnfardj ' &q. J ftr nrimteuWeftifa •; 14

fendfy Rtfis ad vandal hj hith, " for p.. y\ t f ‘ r « In '; « ' "l *

corps of Provincial trdbpi; blown from the eoalf /, r3

of America, one of Which. arrived in England j. ! j and the « rtWer in Jrdand — - > # '; 1O34 ’

Sept. 12. To ' J fcobWftkinson fifq; agent to i 1 ' ‘

Patrick Tonyn, 4£fq. govferior of Law Florida, ' b '

for a schooner foV the service of the said pWvfoefe ', * : for one year, ending ’ 29th Auijtitt 1781 ‘ 1 ‘; 4 ' 7 '

13. To Messrs '. ' Roft ail ' d Gray, We paid dv r ' ' 1 : H

to sundry Officers off he i6rh regiment of ( light ) ‘ '

dragoons, for thelbflfes tt ? ey < ifGirthed ii camp ' 1, 4

equipage, cloathfh ^, and accoutrements, dh a - - /

tltal fervid in North"America or taken‘atdha by 1 c : Vk

the Rebels or Frfhch ‘ - > — u > - i T 10

19. To Mr. Jdhn Ruding, late furgebn ind 4

pnr evofr lb the hrrfpifal in Grenada, for sundry / '

disbursements forth tfocips in thelhid hofphal 239 $ '

23. To Captam Colin Campbell, - of the tft ' "

regiment of foot/ for ' thfc t % re of a - vtorind he ye - 1 - ' ^. \ ' 1" '

ctlved in Georgia the - zorh of Tune T779 — \ : $6 > 6 - /

29. To Lieutenant Rowland Hazel ton; of the '

ifth fegfWifht of foot, fof the expeitc of the r - }

cure of a wound he r ceiied in SouthCatplirtkih

February 1779 ’ 1 it 4 ' Or

' OA. 18. To Captain William"Taylor of the 1 1

28th regiment of fdot for the cure of tyoundh# received in America, in the ' year 4776 ' " [ :. ao,; V

e ‘ ‘ 4 i

- - « —~~L. iq jo wii

r :.. i L 2

( ^.

\1 K -

, D E - : B, A. - T. E, *. A <

133

1780,

Tb Captain Thomas Baalyi, of, th jiqth negi -. men t of ( opt, foTTcfiesJhe timained by being ta - ) Len prifohir on his pailage from New York — Nov. 1. To William Bed, Esq. for the contingent difcurltments of the Hanoverian battalions at XjibraTtaF and Minorca 6019 25th December 1778 19 24th ' ‘December 1779 t - - - r -

TO Lieurcnant General jainr iViurray, to make good the deficiency iiv the revenues applicable 46 the Contingent expence ! of the government vqf Minorca, for one year, to the 2$th‘June 1780. 1 ukepf

A

2

17. To the Duke of BruniWick, in pa/t of, a *.. ' ». 1 account of contingent expences for Bruqfw fc r c troops ——— c — 26QO

Dec. 8. To Captain James pougias, of tb#

J 5th regiment of foot, for lolfcs by the capture of the Symmetry brig by the Rebels, in t e river, 1 Delaware, in the year 1777. '

; To Lie ' utenan Sir. William Twy ' den, Bart, of the 7th regiment of foor,. for lofl b fu Brined in the CEolus transport paiTing S > ullivanfa Island

To Brigade Major Frederick Bowes, of th# - 64th regiment of toot, for iofTesJ fttfUined - pjj < : hoard the ( £ol of transport which was blown of offFbh&uflfvan, Tn the month of ApriJiT# ?, " ’

ian >. b irrefF

i - 49 10 9

o o

22, To Lieutenant Colonel, #Ti. _ 4iV

for cattle, sheep Src, furnished the use of the

army at Boston, in the year 177

1781. -

Jan. $. ToCapmJn CftripoerXJ

if ifm, in

Majesty’s bounty for the, ^ action, on board the Beet under ^. command of SirG. B. Rodney, the 17th Aprtfp 780 :,. —,.

12. To Lord Hervey f r presenti io - Indians in the Gulph of Sr. Lawrence : and other expences, to compdfe a misunderl dWK the said Indians and the crew of the Viper ( loop, ii thVyfer 778. v— '

15. To Mrs. Margaret Gilchrist, ip con fider - aWof iter husband Deing killed, jp North, Aip - tice, the 28th Jane 1778. rrrrr lVi.. 1 17. To Captdn tynald Me Dohell, of the 71ft regiment of Tho£, for the expense ending the cure of two vf minds he received at the forming of Fort Clii on, on t h NprthrJ 1 fh 6th October 177 ' —" ——

' 2§iTo ’ Lfeutenaitt George fall, late command *

OPt of Fort Lewis, Senegal, for sundry sums of

9 ' S

AO I/O

vd r

i 671. 34 5 ' 2.

. 1 i *

18210

yrnji vl

4

8 « - J 4

. / ’ V.

:. 1 •; : fc ’

r, s v '

r ' 1 ’

34 o

money

L

P Al LI A Mfe N T AR V

J. d.

» 7® * r #, jf.

money expended by him fortbfe service of the ' garriton there ‘f m/ " r / tiV ' 7 x

■ n7 7, A

, 1780 }, - f 1 y —1 ' —

Feb. 5 ., To bills of exchange driwh y Iiam 1

Stuart, £ % for public services p ‘, - - - ' i f 1643, j, V

To do. drawn by Winiabi NWtdd, Esq for doJ 2 00 o o To do. drawn w Evati Me L ’ urib, Esq. for do. ' ' 200 o o. v To do. drawh by VWkfttifoe ’ ' ’ : 1 ' + ' : J

JJom *, for do ’ 5 # t

June 1. To dtf fbf do. ' f iee ' 88 V o 1 ‘ \

July ' 8. To dor fof‘do. ferric ' 3 3 3 ;

« > ayfow - "• ‘T '. ' V,

Jan. 26. To db. : for do. ' IISW 0 b ' ‘

1780. - - v -; "dl T /v 1 ' ' " ? —— 3004 "4,

Feb. 1$. To bill# of / < Z1 '

draw by James Murray, Elq ., \ : ' J ] Ji ‘4 *. ‘ *. *

for publicservicei ' SL& ' t « *, 17 ', - 3 '

April 12. Todbi Fof d& {bMde 1 642 jo

vjlilt fi - 1. V ( ? -

July Sept;

iprui2. iooDt ror oo -. rcmce 1042 jo 7x;

[ ufcfe fv T® do. r do; ' ffe it#y : Z 887 1 f ’ 4 *. •/ ’. fuly 8. To doV&r db, ' ' $427 16 ’ u

Sept; 15. TodbifbrJdo. Wvi e;. ‘ 3134 8 4 V ’ 1

- > Fefc; To bills of exchange drawn by Patrick Tonytf tMq. ‘

for public service *

"ii31 ' i

£ ' t

rt 1

. < 0. - 4000 & o‘1. t - J

10. \ ‘. MHA '

Sept. IJ/ To do. for do. service : ~ 2600 * 6

— - - - £000 o

Feb. 15. Td ' ibilfl *;

George Etheringtbn, Esq .; fbrdubljc ’ feriIces‘ 1, 16972 ' 4 z April 12. ToMkofei afe ^; V ' t".

drawn : by John Graham. Esqj tdr H *; j

public services ? ‘ m ui ^, ll ' JOlt : ro 4 ’ 19 /o

June 1. To do. ' fol db. fdrtfcb ' ' 1519 ‘19 ' 3I

Dec. 7. To dew fatdd. ®viyp; ' 1004 12. 1 i f

: 73ni ’ — - MS ?. ii

> Aprll To bills 6texchange drawn/by Laid.

Macartney, for prdriidfrtvfifer - ’; — ’. ft,

To bills of exchttti ddrsiwn by / l\ " - ' ] V

Andrew f6tinsford, - £fq. for pub -, ,. *

lie services d > iOb ‘ Ui1 iS; b ' *

llu‘ ApSl

A. 17 Si.

1780.

; a

April ia/To hills of exchange for

9 rEl S : A T. $ A. 4

jf *. « A

> a

nge

drawn by A, Prevoft, Esq. I© public fcr vices - —r - 2300 o o

Sept. 15. To do. for dp. service 3000 o, 9.

S3 ° o

T

Aj ril i s. ' Tbfells of exchange drawn by Wefltjs,

Branae and Collet, for public services rp - rr - f '

To do. drawn by Geqjge foll, Esq. ' for public

fcnkw .,. Hi « TCT—, iMo >. w4fP

iljs of change drawnjby

Johrf Calling, Esq. for; pqtd c; ferrites

S

W 4 : r.

o ft

i. d

l0W lS7

H

7 0

unei. Tp do. for do. fcijvke. 2764, 4 4I ply 8 ? To o. for do. service 19 1 30 3 3

ept. 13. To a©. fq db. ferv£f, 4324.. 6. r v Nqv. 7. XP - A0 do. Service 3000 Q < b.

Dec. ? 4. ‘To Jo. /brd fciyjcf 4ft

June 1.. T9 bills of exchange drawn by S. Abu *. darham, ' for public femces ——; ., 1

To bills of exchange drawn by Alexander Cameron, Esq. for t > A > li .; > 3; 1. public services — 283 ^. 4 3

Nov. 7. To do. for do. service 2314 13. 6 |.

—r——3 44 17 iil

July 8. To bills of e ch nge drawn by Philip

Callbeck, Esq. for public services - —— i y y

To do. drawn by James Rooke, Esq. for pub ?. \ lieservices ' —7. —

To bills of exchange drawn by John Campbell, Esq. for pubiie services, 4407 7

Nov. 7. To do. fordo, service 5364 3 oj Dec. 14. To do. for dq. service 965 9 6

1781.

Jan. 6. To do. foj dof feryice 181 94 3 9

8 ' 4 *

iSS 9

26. To do. for do. ' service

i7So -. r

July 8. To. bills of exchange, drum by G. A. Elliott, Esq. for ' }

public services — —c : 9 4 a *. 8, * ’,

Nov. 7. To do. foj : dost fe jee 8137 io o - Dec. 7. To do. for do. fefvice 84 3 10, 4, J rv '

. a - - - T ' - IS i4v - il.

July 8, To bills of exchange drawn by William Faucitt, Esq. for public services — 540 o o

• — _ Sept *

i

' p

P A %. Si A NfE tt TA k ! Y

Sept ., 15. To bills of exchange ' /ri j,

drawn by William Faucitt, esq. for public services 2560 6 4

Nov. 7. To do. fordo, fervied ?; fj < a o 6

• '. .. .. .. A - '

Sept tf. To bills of exchange drause by - Thomas Brown, dq. ., '. for public services - il - foe o o

Tifdo. for do. ter vice 536 6 f

a;. pi. '

, a - K

3630, j 4

036. j£ii.

H ) 7

5856 6 o

To bills of exchange drawn by George Adams, cfq. for public service ' — '

Dec. 7. To ditto dfdwd by Peter Chester. esq.

iordo. - - 9

To do. drawn by Frederick Haldrmand; esq. fordo. —7

Jan. 16, 1781. Td dd. drawn by Daniel M *

Near eff. tm&i. — -

26. To do. drawn bry ' Aob. Pringle, esq. for do.

Jutyi i7t 1 To do. ~of this date, drawn by Robert Haldane Bradshaw, esq. deputy paymaster of the forces in the West Indies, on account of extraordinary dx - peniesf f6r : t}vLnte amflprvlce of

#. 5

I

o o 1

- 1

the said forces

——

Jafl. 2S, i $b. Tolls, of this. date, drawn by do. ftffdo. fer -

vice - 4 - - - ’

March if. To do. of this date, drawn by do. for do. ' service - - - - -

April 25. To do. < xPthis date, drawn by do. for do. fd vidfe ' 28. To do. of this date, drawn by do. for do. service f 0 ’

May 20. To do. of this date dravgtt by do. ftft ' do. trrrtcc June 17. To. do. of this date, drawn by do. for do. service 7 - 30. To do. of this dite, flfowii by do. for do. service 0 c — ‘ Sept. 1. To do. of fhi tfate, draw#by Jo/Yb % k ). feirfrCT "

o o

' ■;.. ‘Li T. /

f > ‘ 1229 6, 8 C v ' v ’ I. *. rH r.. )

f r t ‘. -

f. w8 ° > M k A.

(;. I > I *.

OO 0 0 T. 7. V - t

4 282 9 0 4. ’. if r •1

1 < >.. O '. +. T. d - T. v t

9J12 16. 4 - lT 7 I

' W « \s -. 7 ' J

jftj. 6 0 \ ' 7

f 375 - 50 :. : r

37 43 it,. 4

Feb.

A. ' 1781. DEBATES.

1780.

Feb. 9. To sundry general and staff officers, and officers of the hospitals in Great Britain, for

their pay in the years 1778 and 1779 - — - - - - -

29. To Robert Gordon, esq. for 92 days pay, as commissary of provisions at Corke, to Nov. 21,

1779 — : - - - ., - - - - -

To M. G. William Faucitt, for 92 days pay, as commissary in Germany, to Feb. 2, 1780 — -

March 7. To Jonathan Clarke, gent, for 184 days pay, as afliflant commissary in America, to

Sept. 30, 1779 —

To Major Duncan DruAimond, for 309 days pay, as commissary of accounts in America, to Dec. 2i, 1779 — > -

20.. To Colonel John Burgoyne, for 184 days pay, as a commissary for muttering foreign troops in North America, to January 29, 1780 — -

22. To John Fenton, esq. for 184 days pay, as

captain and commander of William and Mary fort, in New - Hampshire, to Jan. 5, 1780 —

23. To M. G. George Morrison, ffor 730 days

additional pay, as quarter - master general, to Dec. 24, 1779 - - - - -

31. To Messrs. Powell and Cooke, for the pay of several supernumerary officers of invalids lately reduced, from December 25, 1778, to December

24, 1779 - - - - - -

April 7. To Sir William Howe, for his pay as commander in chief in North America, from May 24, 1778, to July 2, following, being the day

of his landing in England. ..

20. To Captain Richard Bailey, for 366 days pay, for superintending the embarkation of troops, &c. to North America, to March 10, 1780 — May 5. ToF. W. Hecht, esq. for 265 d ys pay, as assistant commissary in America, to Dec.

. 24, 1779 - - - - -

To Roger Johnson, esq. for 183 days pay, as afliflant commissary in North, America, to Dec.

20, 1779 ^; - - - - -

10. To Sir John Lloyd, for pay as adjutant and quarter matter to a detachment of the 75 th regiment of so « t, from Jan. 2, to August 15, 1779 12. To M. G. Faucitt, for 90 days pay, as commissary for mustering foreign troops in Germany, to May 2, 1780. —

24. To Fleetwood Parkhurll, esq. for 172 days

pay, as a deputy commissary in Canada, to May io, 1780 —

Vol. II. T

£• ' 7410 x6

92 o

460 o

184 o 927 o 368 o 184 o 730, 0

1431, 12

390 o 183 o 263 o 183 o

97 8 450 P 238 o

d.

o

o

o

o

o. o

o

o

I

It

o

o

o

8

p

T#

l3

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781, £• / < /•

> 38

1780.

To J. P. Kiernan, gent, for 767 days pay of Ar chibald Borland, deceased, as surgeon’s mate at

Senegal, to August 22, 1778 - - - - -

June 26. To John Drummond, esq. for 183 days pay, as deputy commissary in Canada, to June 24, 1. 780 ^ - - - - -

30. To William Butler, esq. for 263 days pay,

as afliflant commissary in America, to December 24, 1779 — — 1

To Gregory Townshend, esq. for 600 days pay, as - assistant commissary in America, to Dec, 24, 1779 -

To the hereditary Prince of Hesse, for pay of officers. employed in conducting recruits for the Hanau troops to Canada - - - -

July 12. To Lieutenant Colonel Sir Thomas Egerton, for the pay of a surgeon’s mate and two fifers added to his corps, and difference of pay of two lieutenants and two ensigns, from Oft. 5, 1779 to June 24, 1780 —

21. To John Fenton, esq. for 182 days pay, as captain and commander of William and Mary Caf - tle, in New. Hampshire, to July 5, 1780

31. To Col, John Burgoyne, for 182 days pay, as commissary for muflering foreign troops in Ame - xica, to July 29, 1780

August ii. To M. G, William Faucitt, for 92 days pay, as commissary for muflering foreign troops in Germany, to August 2, 17£0 - -

12. To Col. John Campbell, for 177 dfcys pay, as - brigadier general in North America, to Dec,

23. To John Morrison, esq, for 283 days pay, as deputy commissary in America, to July 3, 1789 Sept. 19. To George Brindley, esq. for 183 days pay, as deputy commissary in America, to April 3, 1780 -

21. To Daniel Wier, esq. for 365 days pay, as commissary general in North America, to Dec. 24, 1778 - - - -

Oft. 24. To Frederick William Hecht, gent, for 189 days pay, as assistant commissary in America, to June 30, 1780 - - r

To William Butler, gent, for 233 days pay, as assistant commissary in North America, to Aug. 13, 1780 - -

31. To Francis Rush Clarke, esq. for 366 days pay, as inspector and iuperir > tendant of the provi -

191 15 o 274 10 o 265 o 9 600 o 0 333 l3

99 o o

182 o o

364 6 o

469 O Q

265 10 o 427 10 o

74 10 Q 1095 o o 189 o o 233 o o fion

"V

A, 1781. DEB A T E9.

1780.

fion train of holies and waggons, attending the army in North America, to April 3, 1780 November 7. To M. G. William Faucitt, for 92 days pay, as commissary for muttering foreign troops in Germany, to, Nov. 2, 1780

14. To Jonathan Clarke, gent, for 183 days

pay, as aflittant commissary in America, to March 31, 1780 -

To Nathaniel Day, esq. for 325, days pay, as commissary in Canada, to Sept. 12, 1780 - -

To Daniel Wier, esq. for 365 days pay, as fu perintendant of forage to the army in America, to ill February 1780 — —

To Peter Paumier, esq, for 366 days pay, as deputy commissary in North America, to 2d #pril 1780 ' —— - — - -

December 14. To Fleetwood Parkhurst, elq, for 194 days pay, as deputy commissary in Canada, to 30th November 1780 - - - - -

21. To MeflT. Gray and Ogilvie, for the pay of nine additional surgeon’s mates to Major Dal - rymple’s corps of foot at Jamaica, for several detachments, of the said corps, from 17th February 1777, to 25th December 1778 - - - - -

1781.

Jan. 11. To Major General Thomas Clarke, for 236 days pay, as m jor general in Canada, with one. aid de camp, to 24th December 1780 —

15. To Robert Adair, esq. for 366 days pay,

as inspector general of the hospitals, to 24th December 1780 — —

17. To MefT. Powell and Cooke, for the pay of several supernumeraVy officers ofuthe invalids lately reduced, from 25th December 1779, to 24th

December 1780 - - - - - - - -

24. To Major General Morrison, quarter maf - ter general, for the pay of two assistants, from 23th December 1779, to 24th December 1780 —

23. To jiaac Window Clarke, gent, for 366 days pay, as affittant commissary in Canada, to

20th October 17 80. .. .. ... -

To do. for 101 days pay, as a deputy commis -

fiuy in Canada, toSth July 1776 - - - - -

To John Fenton, esq. for 184 days pay, as captain and commander ot William apd Mary Fort, in New Hampshire, to 5th January 1781 —

To James Farq harfon, esq. for 366days pay, as affittant commissary in Canada, to 18th September 1780 ——— —

/• S, d.

366 O 0

460 0 0

183 O 0

630 0 0

73 ° 0 0

349 0 0

9 0 9

687 14 O

3 : 90 9 - a

73 0 9

1403 II 7

183 0 0

366 0 0

tot 0 0

184 0 0

366 0 0 T *

le

140

V A RLIAMfiNTAkY

1781,

To John Drummond, Esq. for 183 days pay, as deputy commissary in Canada, to 24th December

1780 —— - - - - -

31. To Lieutenant Colonel Robert Kiogfton, for days pay, as deputy adjutant general in North, America, to 50th September 1779 —

To 366 days allowance to Major Haypaan Rookej as major to the late 98th regiment of foot, to 24th December 1780 - —

To 366 days pay of George Munro, Esq. as commitfary of storesin North Britain, to do.

To 366 days allowance to Lieutenant Colonel Birch, in lieu of a troop of light dragoons, to do.

( To 366 days do. to Major General Preston, in lieu of do. to do. —— —

To 17 days pay of John Montagu, Esq. as governor of Newfoundland, to the ift April 1779 To 366 days do. of Richard Edwards, Esq. as do. to ift April 1780 ——

A. 1781. s, d.

274 10 d

277 10 0

274 10 0

183 0 0

CO 13 0

hi CO 13 0

15 10 0

549 0 0

28861 9 5

Feb 23. To Sir John Inglis, baronet, and Thomas Dundas, Esq. executors to the late Co - 1 lonel James Maflerton, for oat - meal, firing, candles, &c. futnished to the forces at Fort William,

Castle Duart, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and the barracks of Be rnara, Invernaid, Cor gar ff, and Braemer, and the out - post stations in their neighbourhood, from id January 1779, to 31ft December following, both inclusive - - - - ' 3525 3 ( j

March 31. To Sir James Adolphus Oughton, for contingent expences in North Britain — 300 o o

Aj > ril 7. To Major General Robert Skene, for expences of embarking sundry‘regiments in North

Britain, in the spring 1779 186 a 8

18. To the bank of Scotland, for one year’s allowance for furnishing specie to the troops in North Britain, to Christmas 1779 225 4. 2

178a. 4

Aug. 30. To Captain John Cleve Pleydell, being an allowance for assisting to complete a plan of North Britain, for 731 days, to 24th June 1780 365 10 ©

Feb. 11. To Mr. Samuel Martin, on account, for 148 chaldrons of coals delivered at New York, for the use of the forces there « — *

4602

666

o

3

o

To

DEBATES,

141

A. ' 1. 781.

1780.

23. To Joshua Darwin, Esq. for ' coals, candles, &c. fumished by him for the forces ' in Tyntnouth barracks, to 24th. December 1779 —

March 1. To H. - Henderlon, Esq. for coals, candles, and divers oteniils provided lor the use

of the barracks at Portstoouth.

To the Earl of Darlington, for coals and candles for the use of the forces in the garrison of Car - liGe, from a th December 1778, to 24th December 1779 — - - - - -

9. To Lieutenant Governor Singleton, fordo. for the use of the forces in Landguard fort, from

25th June to 24th December 1779 - - - - -

April 29. To Andrew Clinton, Esq. upon account, to enable him to provide do. for the use of the forces in the barracks at Plymouth dock — 27. To Lieutenant Governor Wemyfs, fordo, for the forces in Edinburgh castle, from id January to 31ft March 1780 - - - - -

29. To Mr. Samuel Martin, on account, for coals delivered at Rhode liland, for the use of the

forces there *. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..

To do. for do. service - - - - -

May 10. To Captain George Brifad, for coals and candles for the use of the forces in Chatham barracks, from 5th October 1779, to 5th April

1780 - - - - - - - -

June 21ft. To Lieutenant Governor Corbett, for coals for the forces in Jersey, for 1 year, to

Lady - Day 1780 — ' - - - - -

To do. for candles for db. in do. for 1 year,

to do. - - - - - - - -

29. To Andrew Clinton, Esq. on account, to enable him to provide coals and candles for the use

of the forces at Plymouth Dock

July 6. To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esq. for do. for the additional companies and tecruits of the foot guards in the Savoy Barracks, from 23th December 1779, to 24th June 1780 - - - - -

20. To Andrew Clinton, Esq. on account, te

enable him to provide do. for the use of the forces at Plymouth Dock ——

To Lieutenant Governor Wemyfs, for do. for the forces in Edinburgh Castle, from ift April to 30th June 1780 — - ■. —

21. To Mr. Samuel Martin, upon account, for

coals delivered at t ' iew York, for the use of the forces there — —

£. 1. d.

10 12 O 288 4

78 8 o

163 16 10 500 o o

l72 l7 9

1800 10 11 H39 1

1799 19 8

1420 3 2

131 j 6

500 o o

218 11 4

500 o o

206 12 6

1075 8 1

Aug.

le

4 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. i&i.

1780.

Aug. 12. To Andrew Clinton, Eiq. for coals, candles, and sundry utensils for the troops in the citadel of Plymouth, and St. Nicholas Island, from 25th December 1779, to 24 h June 1780 —

Sept. 25, To A. Singleton, Esq. for coals, candles, &c. for the use of the forces in Landguard Fort, from do. to do —

Sept. 29. To Joshua Darwin, Esq. for coals and candles for the forces ap Tynmouth barracks, to 25th August 1780 — -

To Thomas heft, Esq. for do. for the forces in

Dover Castle, from 23th June 1779, to 24th June

1780. ——— '

Oft. 11. To Lieutenant Governor Wemyfs, for do. for the troops in Edinburgh Castle, from ift

July to 30th September 1780

Nov. 1. To Moses Corbet, Esq. for do. for the octh regiment of foot in Jersey, from 12th June

1780, to Lady - Day 1781 - - - - -

23. To Mrs. Mary Brifac, adminftratrix of Captain George Brifac, for do. for the forces at Chatham barracks, from 5th April to 5th October

2780 130$ 1 10

Dec. 8. To Andrew Clinton, Esq. on account, /

to enable him to provide do. for the forces at Plymouth dock - - - — 500 o o

1781.

Jan. 24. To do. for coals, candles, and utensils for the citadel of Plymouth and St. Nicholas Island, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 26 14 o

To E. B. De la Fontaine, Esq. barrtck in after of the Savoy, for supplying additional companies and recruits of the foot guards with coals and candles in the said barracks, between 25th June and 24th December 1780 — - 178 1 10

To Lieutenant Governor Wemyfs, for coals and candles for the forces in Edipburgh Castle, from 1 ft October to 31ft December 1780 — 203 14 o

S64 6 s

164 12 9

114 O 2

803 19 7 204 I O 644 5 10

1780.

April 7. To M. G. Manners, for grass money for the 19th regiment of dragoons, in the Summer 1779 - - - —

To the Earl of Pembroke, fordo, for the ift regiment of do. in do. Summer - - - - — -

To M. G. Phillipson, for do. for the 20th regiment of do. in do. Summer - - - - -

13676 14 7

479 8 4

340 19 7

496 s 9 To

X

by vjQOQie

A. 1781. DIB A T E S.

1780 £ J.

To Lieutenant General James Johnflon, for do. forthe6th regiment of~do. in do. Summer - - — 347 13 9

To/Sir George Howard, for do. for the ift regiment of dragoonguards, in do Summer. — 558 17

27. To Lord Robert - Manners, fordo, for the 3d regiment of do. in do. Summer — 333 8

May 8. To Lieutenant General Jame9 Johnson, for do. for the nth regiment of dragoons, indo. Summer — - — 318 18 9

24. To Lieutenant General Carpenter, for do. for the 4th regiment of do. in do. Summer 63. 8 13 o

To Lord Viscount Townshend, for do. for the 2d regiment of dragoon guards, in do. Summer 329 1 3

To the Earl of Panmure, for do. for the 2d regiment of dragoons, in do. Summer —— < 292 8 9

To Lieutenant General Fitzroy, for do. for the

3d regiment of do. in do. Summer " 641 3 6

June 2. To General Elliott, for do. for the 15th regiment of do. in do. Summer - 588 14 o

To Lord Viscount Townshend, for do. for the id regiment of dragoon guards, in the Summer

1777 — 39S H 6

6. To General Elliott, for extra feeding, and allowance to the non - commissioned officers and private men of the 13th regiment of ( light ) dragoons, while attending the royal family, in the

year 1779 — ' — July 12. ToM. G. Douglass, for grass money for 300 © O

the 2ill regiment of dragoons, in the Summer 1779 Nov. 15. To Lieutenant General James Johnson, for do. for the nth regiment of do. in the Summer 1780 — — 29. To M. G. Douglass, for do. for the 21ft 49417 7

63813 0

regiment of do. in do. Summer — To the Earl of Pembroke, for do. for the ift re - 957 7 0

giment of do. in do. Summer — To Sir George Howard, for do. for the ift regiment of dragoon guards, in do. Summer — To M. G. Manners, for do. for the 19th regi - 638 13. 0

957 7 0

ment of dragoons, in do. Sumber — Dec, 13. To Lieutenant General James John - lion, for do. for the 6th regiment of do. in do. 957 > 7 0

Summer — — To Lieutenant General Carpenter, for do. for 638 13 0

the 4th regiment of do. in do. Summer — To Lord, Robert Manners, for do. for the 3d 638 13 0

regiment of dragoon guards, in do. Summer 638 13 0 To

t

Hi

44

PARLIAMENTARY

.. 1780/

To Lord Viscount Townshend, for do. for. the 2 ( i regiment of do. in do. Summer

To Sir H. Clinton, for do. for the 7th regiment of dragoons, in do. Summer — -. '

To Me ( T. Cox, Mair and Cox, for do. of the 10th regiment of do. in do. Summer. —

2i. To Major Lifter, for do. for his regiment of do. in do. Summer —. —"

■ To - LieiUenant Colonel J. B. Holroyd, for do. for the 22d regiment of do in do. Summer

/ 781 -

Jan. 15. To. M. G. Phillipson, for do. for the 2 < ? th regiment of do. in do. Summer — *

A. 1, 781 *

£• < 7 -

638 13 o.,

6iS 9 ° 6S5 9 o

480 2 O

638 13 O

957 17 o

1780.

IVlarch 9. To Lieutenant Colonel Holroyd. for. the fubfiHence of the nomcommissioned officers and private men of his regiment of dragoons, from the respc < 5iive dates of their attestations to the 14th December 1779 ( exclusive ) the commenpement of

their establishment - — ' - - - - -

To Colonel Dudley Ackland, for subsistence of do. of his regiment of foot, from do. to the ift December 1779 ( exclusive ) the commencement of

their establishment - - - - -

April t2. To Colonel - M4Carmick, for subsistence of do. of his regiment of foot, from do. to the 7th of February 1780 ( exclusive ) the commencement of their establishment - —

May it ). To Colonel Tottenham, for subsist - ente of do, of his regiment of foot, from do. to the 23th November 1779 ( exclusive ) the commencement of their establishment — *

To Lord Viscount Chewron, for subsistence of do. of his regiment of foot, from do. to 4th October 1779 ( exclusive ) the commencement of their

establishment - - - r—— - - - -

Aug. 4. To the colonels of sundry regiments of militia, for subsistence of additional companies to their respective regiments, previous to their efta -

blishment - - - - - - - -

12. To Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton, for subsistence of the non - commissioned officers and private men of his regiment of foot, from the respective dates of their attestations. to the 29th May 1780 ( exclusive ) the commencement of their establishment - — - - - - — — -

16634 5 5

1224 6 3

4

1786 11 4

2225 11 2

2039 19 8

1154 6 8

849 12

1039 1 6

To

x

A. iyiu DEBATE

1780.

To Colonel Reid ) for subsistence of do. of his regiment of foot from do to 7th April 1780 ( exclu - five ) the commencement of their establflhinent Aug 12. To Colonel Dundas, for subsistence of the non - commissioned officers and private men of his regiment of foot, from the respective dates of their attentions, to 2d March 1780 ( exclusive ) the commencement Of their eftaMishment — :

061. 24. To Lieutenant Colonel Hurhberftone, for subsisttnce of do. of his regiment of foot, from do. to 5th August 1780 ( exdulive ) the commencement of their establishment

Nov. 1. To Lieurrenant Colonel Whyte, for subsistence of do. of his fegiment of foot, from do to 8th April 1780 ( exclusive ) the commencement of their establishment

16. To Colonel Stanton, for subsistence of do. of his regiment of foot, from do. to ioth April 1780 ( exdulive ) the commencement of theirdfta - blishment,

Nov. 29. To L6fd John Murray, for fubli lienee of do. of the 2d ' battalion of the 42d regi - Inent of foot, front ddl to 2 ft Mahrh r78o ( exclusive ) the commdndbment of their establishment DeC. 8; To the colonels of sundry regiments of militia, for fubMence of additional companies to tbrir respective reg '. ptfrrious to their establishment

s. ., f

x x

336s 7

- i

a9S9 - 4 ;

O t

y # -

• T

4104 9 ( ©

2876 lO

1889 19 4 ! 836 6 6

! 779

$ ?, 4

9 5

Od. 20. To FtrontaW Elwyn, Esq. to enabled Him to reimburse the non - commissioned officers and private men of Ihe 70th regiment of foot, the floppages made for the surgeons and paymaftfers rilovvahcd, from tbDec. 1778, to 24tKJuhe 1779 lif 1780.

Jan. 26. To John LatnbJ Esq. t6 : enable him 1

to reimburse the non - cbrnMiffioded Officers and private men of the ' Txflresident of foot, the stop - pajjes riiadefbr sh fufgeon and paymauers allowances, from 2£th Junei 7 ^, to 24thDec. following i37 7

Feb. 8. To Alexander Anderson, Esq. to ei£ able him to riimhuriendOTof the 421 ! regiment of foot, the stoppagehVffirfe ' fof do, froih do. tbjdd 1 23. To Edward HfrS i, to enable Him to reim - b rfe do. of the 29th re « raeMts of foof,

the floppages made W do; - Frprti do. to do.. k1 f 237 To Kdrntttftt ArmltTOng, Esq. to enable hint ' to‘

STohi II. U '

16.

xeimburse

US

I

« 46

PARLIAMENTARY.

178©.

reimbyirfc ' Jo. of the 8th regiment of foot, the ffoppagesmade fordo, from do ., jo do .; r — March 1, To MpftV. Cpx, Mair, and Go *, to enable them to reimbursedo. oijuiulr. y regiment ? ot foot, the ftbppages maefefor do. from do, todo.

April 7. To MelT, Roberts,. to enable them to reimburse do. of fund™. regiments of foot, the floppages made fordo, from do. todo. —

. To, MelT. Bishop _ and Co. to enable them to re - iiiibuffe do. ' of sundry regiments of foot, the stop pages made for do. from do. to do. ——.

To Fountain EJwyn, Esq. to enable him to re imburje do. of the 70th regiment of foot, the flop - pagesVnade for do. from do. to do. —r—,

April 12. To Melt Ross and Gray, to enable them to reimburse the non - commissioned oncers and privajtenjen of sundry xegimeqts of foot, the, ftbppa es"made for. the surgeon and paymasters all. lowances, from 25th December 1778, ta 24th.

June 1779 — : ——. -

Tojdo. ' toenable them q reimburse do. of fun - diy regiments of foots the stoppages made fordo, T from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following 27. To Adam Wood, Esq. to enable him t re - injburfe do. of the, 31 ft regiment of foot, the flop - pages ihade for dol from do. to do. " -

To H. I. Hanford, Esq. to enable b m tq rein — buffe ( do. of sundry regiments of foot the stoppa -. ges made for do. from do. to do. —

July 12. .. To Nathaniel Collyer, Esq. to enable him to reihiburfe do. of Sir T. Egerton’s corps of foot, the Tftoppage made for do. from $th O&obec

1779, to 24th June 1780 - - - - -

20. To MelT. M yricks, for bread money to sundry regiments and parties of regiments of foot, in theyeaf, y79 —

26. To MelT. Adair and Co. to enable them to reimburse the non - commissioned officers and pti - t vate men of sundry regiments of foot, the stoppa - ges made for the surgeon and payraafters allowances, from 25th December 1779, to ’ 24th June 17 0 To Jphp Lamb, Esq. to enable him to reimburse do. of the 7 2d regiment oFfoot, the stoppa - : ges made for do. from ao. to do.

Aug. 4, To H I, Hapfard, Esq. toen blt him to reimbursethe non - commissioned officers andpriyate men of sundry regiments of foot, the stoppagesmade for the, futgepn and pay matters allowances from - 25th December 779 to 24th June 1780 r -

A. 1781 *

. 9 S '

£ ' •/

rTfzo ' 4

3399 9 6

- - I. *

329 l6. l6

710 7 1

. 117 o 2

7 3, 13 8

2702 6 6

• 117 o o 252 13 4

' I *.. •;.. - A

85 M 4 I

—.. nv. 9

$3 « s 6 i

37 »

V. ’ : ad i ", : VC -

33 * xi « To

of 1

A. 1781.

f : C 3 < < T

DEBATES.

1780. ‘ V •1

v 11. }TJo Alexander Anderson, elq. to enable him to reimburse do. of the 43d regiment of foot, the floppages made for do. from do. to do. i To Messrs. Kofs and Gray, to enable them tb reimburse do. of ftindiy regiments of foot, the floppages made fdr do. from do. to do. ’

- 30. To Messrs. Neligan and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse do. of the 97th regiment tff foot, the floppages made for do. from 10th April 1780 to 24th June following —— *

To Messrs. Roberts, to enable them to reim barfejdo. of sundry regiments of foot, the flop - pages made for do. from 25th Dec. 1779 to 24th June 1780 — - -

Sept. 13. To Meflf9. Meyrick9, to enable them tqjpimburse do. of sundry regiments of foot, the floppages made fox ' do. from do. to do.

To william Cowden, esq. to enable him to reimburse do. of the 29th regiment of foot, the floppages made for do. - from do. to do.

To Messrs. Cox, MairandCox, to enable them to reimburse do. of sundry regiments of foot, the floppages made foe do. from do. to do.

Sept. 13. To lV eflrs. Fitter and Co. to enable them to reimburse the non - tommissioned officers and private men of the 69th and 91ft regiments of foot, the stoppagesjnade for the surgeon and pay - master’s allowances, from 25th Dec. 1779 to 24th June 1780

29. To Fountain Elwyn, Esq. to enable him to reimburse do. of the 70th regiment of foot, the floppages made for do. from do. to do.

0&. 4. To SamueJ Clare, Esq. to enable him to fqiiuburfe do. of the 93d regiment of foot, the floppages made for do# from 7th Feb. 1780 to 24th June following

18. To Messrs. Bifshopp and Co. to enable them to reimburse do. of sundry regiments of foot, floppages made for do. from 23th Dec. 1779 to 24th June 1780; and also for the allowance of

bread money. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .; - ———

$8. To K Mackenzie, for bread money for the 78th ' regiment of foot, from 13th July 1778 to 22d September following, r

26. To Adam Wood, Esq. to enable hinh tq re - imburse the noncommissioned officers and private of tl e 31ft regiment of foot, the floppages made for the surgeon and paymaster’s allowances,

U

i63 7 o 2917 15 o

4 * 5

— b"

329 16 ter 1987 - 6 o 117 o o

33 31 5

233 1511

1 \

117 0 0

1

• ] A

73 tio i -

1141 1 o "

' i

> s

43 ’

from

47

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781, 1780.

from 2 th Dec, 1779 to 14th Jane 1780; and also for the allowance of bread money 34 4 O

26. MeiTrs. Meyricks, for the allowance of t$ea < f money to fun dry regiments of foot ' from 19th Dec. 1779 to 24th July 1780 8 6

Nov. 1. To /Roberts and Neligan, for

read money to the 97th regiment of toot in the year 1780 - w >, i. fit 19 o

To K.. Mackepfie, to enable him to reimburse the non - commissioned officers ' and private men of the 7#th regiment of foot, the stoppages made for the surgeon and pay matter ' s allowances from 5th June 1778 to 24th Dec, following 137 to 9

To Edmund Armstrong, Esq. to enable him1 to rqjipburfi" do. of the 8th regiment of foot, the flop pages made for do, from 25th Pec. 1779 to

24th June 1780 it—~ x 16 19 49

16. To Meftts ? Gray and Ogilvie, for the allow a nee of Bread money to the 78th regiment of foot at Guernsey and Jersey, from 19th November 7778 24th April 1780 2 m # © 9

23. To Mcftfs. Hesse, to enable them to reim -; jburfe the non - commissioned officers and private rafn of the 37 th regiment of foot, the stoppages tnade for the furgebn and paymaster s allowances, from a Cth June 1778 te 24th Dec. following 96

To do to enable them to reimtmrfe do. of dof regiment, the stoppages made for do. from 25th Dec. 1778 to 24th June 1779 - - 11$ 19 it

fojlo. to enable them toVeimbprfe of do,

regiment, the stoppages made for do, from 23 : h June 1779 tp 24th Dpc - fpifowing f i ? b 19 ri

' To do. to ena b ) e them to reimburse do. of do, regiment, the stoppages made for do. from 23th

Dec. 1779 to 24th Jdoe 1780 - fi6 19 it

Dec. 8. ' Jo do. co enable them to reimburse do. of the 75th regiment of foot, the stoppages made for dp. from 25th June 1779 to aipfr Dec following ——— 37 10 ib

Dec. 2i. To do, to epable them to ' reimburse do. of the 73th regiment, of foot, the stoppages made for da. Rom 25th Dec. 1779 to 24th June 1780; and also for the allowance4 < jforead money 328 14

’ 1781.. / ’

Jen. 3t, To John Lamb, efo. to enable him to feimbutfe do, of the 72d peganeat of foot ) the *

I

A. 1781. D JL B A, T E S.

1781,

/fioppages made for ifo. from aph June 1780 to 4th December following ——

1779 -

Od. 14. To William Moone, Esq. to enable him to reirob -. irfe the non - com miflioaed officers. and private men of the East and Well Norfolk militia, the stoppages made for the surgeon and jay matter’s allowances, from 25 th Dec, 1778 to 5i4th June 1779

1780,

Jan, ' 8 To Vincent Mathias, e ( b. to enable him to reimburse do. of the East Riding York and Dorsetshire militia, the stoppages made for do. from iph June 1779 to 22th Pec, following

26. To John Lamb, Esq. to enablehim to re imburse do. of the Wiltshire militia, the flop pages made for do. from do. to do.

Teb. 8. To Messrs. Maude, to enable tbcx$ to reimburse do. of the First West Riding York mi iitia, the stoppages ma e for do. from to to do.

10. To Thomas Brookfbank, Esq. toenable him to reimburse do. of the East Regiment Middle - fez militia, the ftdppages made for do *, from do.

to do. —— - -. ..

To Messrs. Biflhopp and Co. to enable them to reimburse do, of sundry regiments of militia, the stoppages made for c o. from do. to do.

feb. 23,. To William Field, Esq. to enable Kira to reimburse the pon - commissioned officers and private men of the West and East Eflbp qnili - ria, the stoppages made for the surgeon apd pay - maaer s allowances, from acth June 1779 to 24th

Dec. following ——/ - - - - -

To Messrs. Peart and Conway, tq enable them to reimburse do. of fondry regiments of militia, the stoppages made for db. from do. to do.

Jdar. 9. so John Powell, esq. to enable him to reimbnrie do. q fthe West Middlesex and Bed - fordshire militia, the stoppages made for do. from 4o/to do. ’ — — -

i7. Td Henry Qritchett, Esq, to enable him to teimburse do. of the Westminster militia, die stoppages made for do. from do. to do,

17. To John Owens, Esq. to enable him. to re - imburse do, of the Denbighshire militia, the stop - for dp, from to, to do.

1 rr *

£• 4 '

137 0 7

■ \ 1 T— T

26930 18 xo‘

lf9

47 4 tot 13 3 #4 J 19

9 9

$ 5 6

> 49 it

1 t

> 47 > X to 1 l 4 u

49

PARLI AM E NT A V

fjtiv. T

t To Tarnc Ballard, Esq. to enable him to reim -, btirfe do. - of the Worcester militia, the stoppages made for do. from flo. to do.

23. To John Lloyd, esq. to enable him to re -

imburTeHo. of the Cornwall militia, the stoppages

made for do from do. to do. - - - - -

To George Blount, Esq.. to enable him to re - Smburfe do. of the Cheshire militia, the stoppages,

made for do. from do. to do. - '

- April 7. To MeiTrs. Roberts, toenable them to reimburse the non - commissioned officers and private men of the Durham and, Merionethftijre mi -; litia, the stoppages made for the surgeon and pay - imaster’s allowances, from 2£th June

Dec. foljctwing ■.

To Mfcflrs. Thomas and Roberts to enablp them, to reimburse do. of the, BrecT bdk, and Radnor ^ hire milijW the stoppages made for do.. from, do. \ jto - do. - ' w - - - — j - T ’

1778 to 24th Dec. 17191 / - — - — - n y

To George Auft. Ejq. ttojepable him tpreim - biyfe do. of the Cambfi elKre militia, the stop -. pages ' matte for do. from, 2. 5th Jyne 1779. tq 24th. December following, r—— - r—

ToEdrntmd Armstrong, Esq. to enable him to retmbfirfe do. of the Hqrfordshire militi ^, the stoppages made fof. do. from. do. to dq. —v

To George Snowden Elq. to enable him tp,. reimburse do. of the Derby flure militia, the flop -

pages made for do. from do, to dp. i - - - - -

12. To R B. Cox, Esq o "enable him _ to re - imturle dS f of the Oxfordshire njilitia, the itop - pages made for do. from 1 jjth Jply. 1778 to 24th

n Purrier, Esq ., to enable him to reimburse do. of the Nbrthv. fJiiPipfldrf militia, tnje stoppages made for do. from 25th December. 1778 to 24th Jupe 1779 _ —— '

April ‘ 20. To John Pu trier, Esq; to enable j him to reimburse the non - command officers and private, men of the North Hampshire militia, the stoppages made for the, fflrgeon and paymaster / allowances, from 2jfli/Jupe} ! : 3779 to 24th. De - _ cember. following *, f

To" H. I. Hanford, Elq. to enable him to

A. 1781

9 m

£• s *

84 4 10

8& x 1 4 ’

• 76 9 4

: r

67 u

41 16 2

47® 0 7

65 14 o

i

76 I ? 8

76 ? S

214 l6 II j

\ - V

• ' ’ ' I

' - V

77

u :; 1

reimburse

e

D E B A. T - E S.

A. 1781.

17 0.

reimbuvfe do. of the second West Riding York and East Devon militia, the : stoppages made fop do,

from do. to : do.. 4 t —.

May 22. To John ' Fenv ick, Esq. ' to enable him to reimburse do ., of sundry cprps of militia, ' the stoppages made for do. frdm do. ' to do,

24. To John RadctifPe, Esq. to enajJle liim to reimburse do. of the South Devon - niiiitfa, the ' stoppages made for do. from do. to do, ., - r - June 9. To S. faalliday, Esq. to enafefe him to reimburse do. of the Somerset militia, the ' stoppa - ges made for do. from do. to do.

July 26. To William Field, Esq. tb. enable him to reimburse do. of the East and West Essex militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do To John Ballard, Esq. to enable him to reim - burse do. of the Worcester militia, the stoppages made for do. from 25th December 1779 to 24th

June 1780 —r - - - - -

To George Snowden, Esq. to enable him to reimburse do. of the Dt - rbyftiire militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. ' —

To John Lamb, Esq. to enable him to reimburse the non - commimoned officers and private mtn of the Wiltshire militia, the stoppages made

for the surgeon and paymaster’s allowances, from 25th December 1, 779 to 24th June 1780 To Meftrs. Fitter and co. to enable them to re - imburse do. of the Surrey militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. —

Aug. 4. : To H. 1. Hansard, Esq. to enable him to reimburse do. of the East Devon, and 2d West Riding Yofkshire militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. *. — ——

To John Martin, Esq. to enable him to

11.

reimburse do. of thb W£ft Kent militia, the stop paf £s made for do. from do. to do.. —

To Keen Stables, Esq. to enable him to reim - £ < irfe do. of the Northamptonshire militia, the xtoppages made for do; from do. to do. > —

To Messrs. Maude, to enable them to reimburse do. of the 1 ft West Riding York militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do —

To Thomas Wiftis, Esq. to enable him to re - imBurfe dofof the WestKnd East Suffolk militia, the stoppages madi for do. from 25th June 1779 to 24th December following 1 —

To do to enable him o reimburse do of do *

39

‘. 1 *

68

; lJO

9

3

Si 9

84 V ®

76/

IO

— 106 13 3

129

a o

77 4

84 o 6

— 97 8

84 $ IO

131

00

iriilitia.

t#

■ ' 786.

P ARtl A&f E&T AltY

A. 17 1 *

I. -

militia, the stoppages made for do. from 25th December 1770 to 24th funci 780 — 148 7 o

1 af T6William Moone, Esq. to enable him

to reimburse the non - commissioned officers and private men of the Wetland East Norfolk militia, the fbepp ges made for the surgeon and paymaster’s allowances, from 2 jth June 1779 to 24th December following ' — — 142 9 O

23. Td do. to enable him ’ to reimburse do. of do. militia, the stoppages made for do. from 25th December 1779 to ' 24th June 1780 — 146 13 a

To Vincent Mathias, Esq. to enable hhn to veimburse do. of the Dorset and East Riding York militia, they flop pages made for do. from do.

to : < so. 1— - - - 159 *

To John Powell, Esq. to enable him to reim burse do. of the West Middlesex and Bedfordftiire militia the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. 161 7 4

To Mdfrs. Adair and co. to enable them to reimburse do, of sundry regiments of militia, the stoppages. made for do. from do. to do. —. 534 10 8

30 To Messrs. Bifshop and co. to enable them to reimburse do. of sundry regiments of militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. — 575 10

To John Owens, Esq. to enable him to reim - burse do. of the Denbighshire militia, the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. 41 9 11

Xo Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse do. of the Leicesterftiire and Warwickflrire militia ', the stoppages made for do. from do. to do. 193 10 9

To Messrs Bateman and Barnet/ to enable stem to reimburse the non - commissioned officers and private men of the South Hampshire militia, therst < pa£es made for the surgeon and pa rmaf - ter’s allowances, from 26th M rch 17 8 to - 24th December ty 79 — — - — 218 3 is

To eflH. Roberts, to enable them so, reimburse do. of the Durham and Merioneth ( hi re mt - Y

litia, the stoppages made for do, from 2$th December i7 ) 9"to 24th June 1780 63 7 J

To Messrs. Thomas and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse db. of thd Radnor and Brect - nocklhrre militia, the stoppages made for do. 3from

do. to do. — 10 6

To John Fenwidk, Esq. to enable him tore -

im urfe do, of sundry corps df militia, the stoppa *

gps ' made for do. from do. to do. — 44

Sept.. 13. To Henry Critchett, Esqj t6 enable *

him

DEBATES.

A; 4781.

1780.

him to reimbiirfe do, of the Westmin. fter militia, the stoppages made for « ( o. from do. to do. — To George A aft, Esq. to enable him to fe imburse do. of the Cambridgeshire militia, the ft ° ppages made for do, from doj. to do *

To Thomas Lloyd, Esq. to enable him to re imhurfe do. of the Cornwall militia, the stoppa ge ) made for do7 from do. to do. 0 —

To Mtffrs. Conway and Peart, to enable them to reimborfe the non - commissioned officers and private men of sundry regiments of militia, the stoppages made for the surgeon and paymasterr « allowances, from 25th ' December 1779 to 24th June 1780 — _

Nor; 1. To Edmund Armstrong, Esq; to ena ble him to reimburse do of the Hertfordlbire militia, the stoppages made for do. from do to do.

23. To Messrs. Hesse, to enable them to reim - burse do. of the South Hampshire militia, the floppages made for do. from do. so do —

■ 1781.

Jan. 15. To Keen Stables, Esq. to enable him to feimburie do. of the Northamptonftrire militia, die stoppages made for do. from 25th June 1780 tj 24th December following — —

17. To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them tp re -, imburse do. ojf the teicester and Warwickshire militia, the stoppages made for do; from do. to da.

31. To John Lamb, Esq ;, to enable him to re. imburse do. of the Wiltshire militia, the stoppa ges made for do. from do. to do.

1780.

Feb. ip. To sundry agents, to be by them paid over and applied to the uTe of the private mep of the respective regiments, battalions, and corps of militia, as an equivalent to the poundage deduced from the pay of the effective private men of the regimen s of foot guards and marchipg regi meats of infantry on the British establishraent, from 2jth June 1779 to 24th December following July 12. To fup4 y agents, to bp by them p oyer and applied to the use of the private men of the respective regiments, battalions, and corps of militia, as an equivalent to the poundage deducted from the pay of the effective private, men of the regiment bf foot guards and march Vot. II. X

£• i.

4 6

V

$3

86

It

9$, 2

I

76 X, I

7 I

9497 7

IDg

PARLIAMENTARY

1780. '.

ing regiments ' of infantry on the British Establifti *, ment, iftom 25th December 1779 to 24c Junc 1780. 1

' 17R1—

Jan. i$. To sundry do, for do. service, from 2$th June 1780 to 24th December following ’

Nov. ii. For the marches, &c. of the 79th regiment of foot, from 8th January 1778 to 24th

June following — - - - -

17. For the do. of the 10th regiment of foot, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following i78 °.

Jan. 14. For the do. of the 59th regiment of foot, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776 - - - — "

For the do. of do. regiment from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778

26. For the do. of the 79th regiment of foot, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following Feb. 23. For the do. of the 80th regiment of foot, from 17th January 1778 to 24th June following - —— - > -

March 1. For the do. of the 7th regiment of dragoons, from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following — —— -

For the do. of the nth regiment of dragoons,

■ from do. to do. —. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..

. For the do. of the 80th regiment of foot, from do. to do. " *. - ——

May 22 For the do. of the 78th regiment of foot, from 8th January 1778 to 24th December following ■.

June 2. For the do. of the 81ft regiment of foot, from 19th December 1777 to 24th. June

1778 — - - - ——

For the do. of the ift battalion of the 73d regiment of foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th

June 1778 i - - - — — - - - - -

•July 6. For the dp. of Sir Thomas Egertor s corps of foot, from 5th ’ October 1779 to 24th De -.

cember following - - - -

Aug. 4. For thf do. of Earl Fauconberg’s regiment of fooc, from 25th June 1779 to 24th Decern lyr following 1 —

1

A. 1781.

£, tt i.

9770 4 6

9917 8 10 29185 1 it

309 j ' 6 it ] 3 0

49 * > «. > 5 *

147 14 8

IOO 4 O

174 8 4

140 II o

19 S4 0

448 II ©

39y 12 6

151 16 6

216 © t

j 70 40 Sept.

A. 1781.

DEBATE

178®.

Sept. £, ' For the do. of the 6th regiment of foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June

m

For. the do. of do. regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 - - - - -

For the do. of do. regiment, from 25th June

2778 to 24th, Becember following / - - - - -

For the - do. of the 65th regiment of foot, from 2fth June 1777 to 24th December following For the do. of do. regiment, from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 —

For the do. of do. regiment, from 25th June

1778 to 24th December following - - - - -

Oft. 11. For the do. of the 8cth regiment of foot, frojq 25th July 1779 to 24th December following —

18. Fof the do. ' of the i£th regiment of foot, ' from 25th December 1776 to 24th December 1778 Nov. 8. For the do. of the 50th regiment of foot, from 25th December 1776 to 24th June

1777 ——, / —

10. For the do. of the 8th reglment of foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24th December 1778

S.

370 16 it

39

91 9 3

73 9

211 $ 60 18 O

242 9 9 394r 9

106 8 9

267 5 o *

> : 3616 15 5

1779. r — - - - —

0$. 20. To Lieutenant General James Murray, for fte contingent disbursements of the 13th

regiment of foot, from 25th December 1772 to 24th December 1. 773 — _ £3 10 7

Nov. 3. To Lieutenant General Boyd, fordo.

of the 39th regiment of foot, from 25th December

1777 to 24th June 1778 - - - 139 2 4

To do. for do. of do. regiment, from 25th June

1778 to 24th December following ‘ no 2 6

To Lieutenant General Cary, for the contingent disbursements of the 43d regiment of foot,

from 25th December 1777 to 24th June 1778 121 13 8

11. To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for do. of the jad regiment of foot, from do. to do. — 189 1 2

17. To Lieutenant General Grant, fordo, of the 63d regiment of foot, from do. to do. — 113 x6 O

To do. For do. of da regiment from 25th June 1778 to 24th December following — 75 2 I

1780.

Feb. 8. To Sir Robert Pigot, for do. of the 38th regiment of foot, from 23th December 1775 to 24th June 1776 - — +—+m 124 if 4

X at To

IS5

158 ' PARLIAMENTARY a. 1 81.

x78® ' -, *. < /.

T6 do. for do of dp. regiment from 2 itth June - 1776 to 14th December following - v 9$ i‘i 9.

To the Duke of Argyll, for do. of the ift battalion of the 1 ft regiment of foot, from h December 1777 to 24th December — 252 i a

10. To Sir Robert Pigot, for" do. of the 38th regiment of foot, from 2. 5th December 1777 to

24 1 Jun tt778 — 109 4

To do. for do. o£do. regiment, &om 25th June 1778 to 4t ) i December following ?. — 6£ 6

23, To Meffra, Cox and Mair for do. of this.

12th regiment of foot, from do. to do. — lib t£ 11

/ To. Lord A. Gordon, for do of the 26th regiment of foot, from do. to do. —— 224 7 9

28 To the Earl of Eglintoun, for do. of the $rft regiment of foot, from do. to dp.. — ab 14 5 '

March 9e. ToMeflra. Powell and Cooke, for do. or a regiment and, independent companies of !, -

invalids, from do. to do. — — 38, 4. 17 3

23. To Lieutenant General Evelyn, for do. of, tAe 29th regiment of foot, from dp. to do. - r - 193 xx

M y 10. To Major General Massey, for the contingent disbursements of the 27th regiment ‘of foot, from 25th December 1775 to - 2 4 Juno

1J76 - - - 59 a7

• To do. fordo, of do. regiment, from 25th June

1776 to 24th December following ——, 18 10

To dp. for do. of do. regiment, from 25th June

1778 to 24th December following _ — f ‘41 4 f

•To foraenant General Taylor, fordo, of the *

24th regiment of foot, from 25th December 1777.

tos24th June 177S — - - - 65 7

To do. for do. of do. regiment, from 25th June ‘

2778 to 24th December following —— 6q Jfj o

2 > ept. ig, To Sir William Boothby, fordo, of the 6th regiment of foot, from 25th June 1777 to 24th Dumber following v —— 3 6

To Messrs. Cox,. Mair, and Cent, for do. of the 65th regiment of foot, from 25th December

1776 to 24th June 1777 11214 6

, 29.. To Lieutenant General Parker, for do.

of the 20th ' regiment of foot, from 25th December 1777. tp 24th June 1778 - T - 106 9

To do. for do. of do. regiment, from 25th June

2778 to 24th December following — 6i 7

To Lieutenant General Cary, for do. of the 43d regiment of foot, from 25th June 1778 to - 24m DecemberTollowing ' 92 9

Oct.

V

A. ' ii 81

V ' A - V E S.

hi

w. 1780/

Oft. 18. To Meffre. Gox, M&rr, and Co *, for d4. of the 16th regiment of fbot, from 23th De= comher 1776 to 24th Jane 1777 — «

Td ' do. fer do. ff d0. regiment, from 25th Jane 1777 to 24th December following —— 8TdSir William HtiWfe, for do. of the 13d regiment of foot, froih 25th Diecethber 1777 to 24th

Jflne Ttf — - - - - -

To do. for do. of do. regiment, from 25th Jtme 1 78 6 i kh December following ' *.

Nov. 8. To Messrs. Ross Sna Gray, for the c&itidgeftt dilbarfeiilent of the 61 ft reglfftefit of foot, from 25th December 1777 to 24 1 June

lf79F - - - = = —— - - -

To do. for do; of do. regiment, from 25th Jtfne 17771b 24th December following —

To Major General Morris, for t ( 0 of do. regiment, from 25th Jtftre 1778 to 24th December following ' - !. ' '. L - - -

"29/ ' n \Lieutepant GefreratCampbell, for do. of the 3 « h regiment of ' f < 5bt, from 25th D tem - bdr 17 7 £tb 24th December 1776 —

To do. for do. of do. regiment, from 8th April 17754b 24ft ) December following ——

77

Oft. 22 ?. For the marches, &c. of the West re - grtneit of Norfolk militia, from 25th June to ' ilth ffeceftbeir 1778 ' —

Nov. 4. For do. of the Duke of Gordon ' s frbciMe mb, from 25th April to 24th December

1778/ ~ — - - - - -

"Dec; 2 ' j. For the do. of the Denbighflrire mi - fitia, from 25th ' December 17 8 to 24th June

2779. rr — - - - - -

. " 1786.

Tan. 2j6. For ( He do. of the East battalion of Imddleiek ' do. from do. to do.

Te8. 8. For the do. of the ift West Riding

do. from do. to do. — - - - — -

March0 ! 7. For the do. of the Wiltshire do. from

do. to do. - -.

23. For the do. of the Cornwall do. from do.

to"do. - - - — —

For the do. of the Anglesea do. from doV to do. For the do. of the Merionethfltire dol from do. iO dO. — — —

A

369. 17 0

JOJ 9 0

i

34 r

33 rS 0

l6 II 6 V

26 O a

20 14 1

iba 12 0

269 2 0

4353 7 0

> fci8 8

r68 0 0

123 3 / 0

107 8 V

198 6 •t 4,

3 $7 1 To,

208 7 6

112 0

64 12 0

64 12 0

For

PARLIAMENTARY

1766.

For the do. of the Radnorshire do. from do to do. — n

April 7. For the do. of the Somersetihire do. from do. to do. — -.

For the do. of the Pembrokeshire militia, from 25th June 1778 to 24th June 1779 •—

12. For the do. of the Surrey do. from 25th. December 1778 to 24th June 1779 ~—

20. For the do. of the North Hampshire do. from do. to do. .. —— - - -

27. For the do. of the Glamorganshire do. from

do. to do. — " - - - - -

For the do. of « the Rutlandshire do. from do.

to do. — -

May 10. For the do. of the Westmoreland do. ‘ from 26th March 177S to 24th June 1779 —

2 !. For the do. of the Flintshire do. from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 —

For the do. of the West Norfolk do. from do '

to do. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..

June 2. For the do. of the Northamptonshire.

dp. from do, to do.

For the do. of the Brecknockftiire do. from do.

to do. - - - - - - - -

9. For the do. of the Northamptonshire do. from 25th June 1779, to 24th December follow *

ing,. .. .. - - - r—

For the do. of the East Kent do. from do. to do For the do. of the East Essex do. from do. to do. For the do. of the West Essex do. from do. to do. For the do. of the Dorsetshire do. irom do.

to do. —. .. ... — " ■

For the do. of the Derbyshire do. from do. to do. For the do. of the Lancaftiire do. from do. to do. June 9. For the marches, &c. of the Bucking h mshire militia, from 25th June, to 24th _ De -

cember 1779 - - - - - - - -

For the do. of the Radnorshire do. from do. to do n 1, ' '

For the do. of the Cornwall do. from do. to do. For the do. of the West Norfolk do. from do.

to do. .. .. ... -, —

15. For the do. of the Cumberland do. from

do. to do. —. .. ..

For the do. of the Chclhiredo. from do. to do. For the do. of the Northumberland do. from do. to do. —— ——

A. 1781 £• *

40 17 4

37 9 34 7 218 I o 240 14 9 162 4 o 79, 4 : 6

192 19 0 91 uVt;

7{K R

224 3 8 43 3 3 ;

14 7 75 _ 3. 5 33 4 8 45 o 9

> 76 4 8 lor o o 96 14 *

217 17 2

26 4 6 94 9 0

229 5 10

124 6 o J8 17

132 2 8

ized, by

A. 1781 ;

DEBATES.

iS9

, 1780.

For the do. of the Montgomeryfhir e do. from o;

to do.

For the do. of the Sutherland regimt ' nt of fencible men, from do. to do. - —

21. For the do. of the North Hampshire militia, frofn do. to do. — -

For the do. of the South Lincoln do. from do.

to do. ~ ■. .. .. .. ..

For the do. of the Hertfordshire do. from 25th June, to 24th December 1778 — ——

For the do. of the East Norfolk do. from 25th June 1779, to 24th December following —

For the do. of do. regiment, from 25th December 2778, to 24th June 1779 —

29. For the do. of the South regiment of fenci - cible men, from 25th June 1779,. to 24th December following —

For the do. of the Durham militia, from 25th December 1778, to 24th June 1779 —

July 6. For the do. of the East Riding York do. from 25th June, to 24th December 1779 For the marches, &c. of the Worcestershire militia, from 2$th June, to 24th December

1779 —

J2. For the do. of the Wed Kent do. from do. to do. ———• —

For the do. of the South Devon do. from 23th December 1778, to 24th December 1779 —

20. For the do. of the South Glouceiterihire do. from 25th June, to 24th December 1779 — -

26. For the do. of the Sussex do. from do. to do. For the do. of the ' Cambridgeshire do. from do.

to do. — - - - — — -

Aug. 4. For the do. of the Huntingdon do. from 25th December 1778, to 24th. June 1779

11. For the do. of the Carnarvonshire do. from

do. to do. — - - - -

For the do. of the East Suffolk do. from 26th

March, to 24th December 1778 —

23. For the do. of the Huntingdon do. from

25th June, to 24th December 1779 - - - - -

For the do. of the ift battalion of West Riding

York do. from do to do. ■.. —

Sept. 13, For the do. of the East Devon do. from 25th December 1778, to 24th December

779. - - - - -. - - - - -

. 13. For the do. of the/Merionethshire do from 25th June to 24th December 1779 —•

99 1# 7

l45 ' 3 4

M OO O 0

l66 13 6

3 8 14 2

« $ 7 4

190 4 0

36} j 8

87 6 3

31 19 6

496 6 3

53 3 6

193 10

I23 II 6

645 « S 4

no 7 0

20Z 18 10

45 13 0

168 0 0

127 19. 10

no 13 0

476 i ) 0

54 10 4 For

6o

PARLIAMENTARY

1780,

For the do. of the Wiltshire do. from do. to do. For the do. of the Surrey do. from do. to do. For the do. of the North Devon do. from do. to do. — ' 1

For the do. of the Sooth Hampshire do. from 2$th December 1778, to 24th June 1779 — -

Sept. 25 ., For the marches, 3tc. of thel ) en - bighshire militia, from 23th June to 24th December 1779 — -. T - - - - -

061. 4. For the do. of the Bedfordshire do. from do. to do. — - —— —— ——

For the do. of the Western fegiment of fenci - ble men, from 25th December 1778, to 24th June

or the do. of do. regiment, from 25th June *

to 24th December 1779 - - —.

For the do. of the North Lincoln militia, from do. to do. — - - ——

For the do. of the Rutlandshire do. from do.

to do. — - - - y

For the do. of the Westmoreland do. from do. to do. — : —

11. For the do. of the North GloUcester do > from do. to do. — — -

For the do. of do. regiment, from 25th December 1778, to 24th June 1779 —

18. For the do. of the West Middlesex do. from ~2£th June to 24th December 1779 —

26. For the do. of the Warwickshire do. from 2Cth December 1778, to 24th December 1779 ror the do. of the Westminster do. from 25th June, to 24th December 1779 — '

For the do. of the Monmouthftiire do. from do. to do. — •—

Nov. 8. For the do. of the Herefordshire do. from do. to do. — —

16. For the do. of the Leicestershire do. frosti do. to do.. —

For the do. of the Oxfordshire dp. from 15th July, to 24th December 1778 —

For the do. of do. regiment, from 25th December 1778, to 24th June 1779 —

November 16. For the ditto of the West Suffolk militia, from 25th December 1778 to 24th June 1779 - -

23. For the do. of the Hertfordshire do. from acth December 1778, to 24th December 1779

A. i ? $i. j£. J. 169 t‘9 - 8. 35# 8 to

4 6

43 s 3

9 t

' 3 6

» 5 ? 7 4

202 l8 0

288 8 0

77 IO 0

9 > 9 S

4 6

264 3 0

3T6 9 S

616 16 to

' 57 ' 9 0

158 16 0 *

' 34 8 6

268 l6 6

2X8 2 0

tS4 6 0

79 2. 9

378 12 O 29. For

Al ' trfl. V ' E > "fe B ' A of ¥

‘ 1780; *, -.. -

29. For the dtf. ' f tfie5Berk ft6. f&m 26th '

Mardh, 14th cemti r 1778L r - r—.. ., ,. ? 6S i o

For the do. or ( ^. regiment 5® e ce v.. k;

bfcr 17, 78 tS 24th June 1779, ' 109 4 8

For the do, of ni. Jegimerif, fa > m i thjuneto

24th T ) edetfiber 1779 v if > pr 1 o *

For the do. of fflfe Shropshire do. ( rom do todo. i6o; 1 q

"For thfccfb. of the East Middlesex do, from do. .. i

to do. ‘ ——— 224 V$ o,

Jaduary ^. 1781. For the do. of thelSprth Devon do. from 25S Dddembel 1779 to 24th June

—ttt - j. r, ^. 334 6

. For the do. of - t&e vtoufti Gloucester do. from

Ubdtk — : — - - - y. S1 *

For the do. of ' she feorsetshire do. from do. to ..

db. %. >; ♦ 377 If 9

31. For the dd. lfif the Derbjmire do. frppa do#

ufdo. ’ —7—". ... 199 13 > 4

‘; ' ., i ? 801

Detemtef 15. To Colon ? ]. Ward, for the pon - - 5.

tingent di&urfeme‘rits of the Cambndgeihire. mili - 0 f ., f tii, ffom1 2 th Dec. 1778, > 0 ’ 24th June 1779 ~ if4 : 4 10

August 11. 1780. To Major ttughes, for doj V‘. ( / v

of the jtyifttshire ( Jof from 2£th June lof. 24th. 4 Decembce 1779 —~ s‘ # — _ 57 xa a

ru. < TS ' Captain Her ] Jert7one. f '

lefea dp. fromdo. todo — ! K 8

Moler AS. To the E r ] $ ., s ‘

of. h ? D ? sham dST from do. td $o, 4 *. / »,

Jk d. ' ■; — —•

Feb. 8. To Lord‘d Leo ?, for diT - - ' r 1~ ~ c4ritfj £Sided forJ gogd V « 7t.

io. fTo Colonel KftUPg o ro ^. frr

dg -.. — - _ _ r Tr ? y > > V > 9. sj, A -. MM JR To tKE/ > It ° t,. /"f §•.

provided gjrjhe Jtn do. 1 —j ^ jn&Ufy J7.

9 fe Lieutenant General Prerton, for -

£7 provided for the 17th regiment of dragoon 772 t o Vot. II. Y 8th. For

tf Rt XAME NT AXT

178a.

Stk. Fw4 *. wnU &r 4Aetaduuot « f At foot guards - -

To Lkutemat Gdoia ! Gage, fordo. provided % die sxd repoent foot —

' To Lieutenant General $ir William Howe, for

do. provided for the 23d do. y

c Td Sk &, Hamilton, for do, provided for tip

Othdo. N‘ —

To Lieotetuaf General Gary, " for do - provided,

—mr

To General AhercrotaVk ;, for do - provided for the 44th do. —— ——

1 To Major General Grant, for do. provided for therjthdo. —

To Lieutenant GeneralTfwine, for do. pro vi - ' did for the 57th do. ~——

To Lieutenant General Francis Grant, for do. provided for the 6 jd do. ——

To Major General H3lQ, for do, provided the 79th do. —

To Sir Wdfiam Er&ine, for do, provided for the Seth doT —

May ! To Col. M Lean ' for divers camp tie - ’ cefiaries provided ibr the Sad regiment of foot To Sir H. Clint of, for do. provided for the id battalion of theS thdo.

To General HddgfW, for do. provided for the 4 ( h do. " —, "

24. To Lieut. Oeoetal James John Hon, for do. ' provided for the 6th i yuacut of dragoons - — June 23.. To Major Gen. ftjott, hr do. pro oiled for rte 3tth vtgtoeat ot foot '

To lhj. Sk Mnbjfy Ior do. provided for the 27th do. —

' JO. Ttf the Duke of Argyll, fordo, provided for the 1 battalion oft ) tftSe. —

To do, for 4m. protifed for the ad tattatfcanof

d&iefeiotfM.. - - - - -

To Liaot. Gen; Wtwray, ' for do. provided for the 15th regiment of foot

To Lieut. Gen. CuOningham, fot do. provided farther *. — —

To Maj. Gen. Fiockt, for do. provided for the j fodeu v ' — —

To lietfc Gon. Campbell, for do. provided for thfc hda ’. — i—

To Lime Gen. Maitland, for Ah provided for

A xjli. a. L

79 9 '

03 f 4 103 i 6 003 1 6

« 1 V6

2P3 c 6 203 t d V j « J *

03 1 6

4 3

? 4 3 * $4 3, 0 *

> 9 « 3 M ♦ « + 160

202 l6 O

213 it 4

« 9 6 19I I o

‘9 * 3 0 19# } o

* 198 ij

To

Ap IJ 1

DEBATE S.

A

To Lieut. Gen Frederick, for do. prodded for the 54th dit o ' — ' 19 IJ

1 1 Sir Lfatid Lmdfay,. for do. provided for Ike

59th do. —, i S IJ

ToLovd Amherst, ford *. provided for tiefacfc da - - J 7 *

To Maj. Dairy mple, fordo, provided for kit corps of foot - - 14 j

To Col. Stanton, fordo, provided for the 97th regiment of foot ' - 400 16 #.

July 6th. ToM « Gen. Prefoott, for dapfOtL d$d for the 7th regiment of foot aji 9

' To Lieut Gen. Elphinflone for do provided hr the jjd do. *. v aja S 9

To Lieut, Geo. Campbell, for do provided for the 74th dow ‘ - - v 7 3

To Uevc. Gti. Frtfor, for do. pioided for the 7 ( 1 do. - - J5J 19

1 To Lord Vifcoont Charted, for do, provided for the 87th do. 4tf 9.

12th. To Maj. Gee. Prescott, for da provided fortheTth do. - - - if IJ

To Lieut. Cob Stuart, for da provided forth *

$ d. do. - 416 f ©

T6C0L Doodu for dix provided for the 94th do. 4x6 9

rTo Lord Seafonh for doJ provided for tVe 78th do. - r > % - 26 3 ®

20. To ' Mai. Gen. GrcyJer do. provided t

« u mq. /• -; - « *

To Earl Cornwall ! ?,. for ( provided for the 3 d4p. - - - aoj I

To Maj/Gen. Vaughan, for dp. provided for

the4$th dp. ' ^; 1

To Lfohf. Get *. Pomeroy, for dp. provided for

« je a,. - •" v •. " m 6

Td the Duke of Amll. for dov provided to 1 the iii battalion of the i ( T3o. 351 7 0

To Lieut. Gen, Murray for do, provided for the ijtlufo. - r 176 7

To SirTJavid Iimflay, for do. provided for the 59th ), - 176 > 7 0

To Sir william Boothby, foe do. provided for -

the 6th do ., ’ - - 003 1 P

July x6. ‘ To Sir. John Sebijght, Tor divas capip ncc « $aries pr&rijded Tor the 18th regiment

163

Yu

164

1780.

P ARLI R Y

To Major - General Calcraft, for ' do. proved for the 6 cth do. " —i - ’ / "• ' ' - r

cTd Celbhel Reid, for do. provided for the 9$thdo. — * " - —

&To MSjoV - General. Robertson, for doT provided for the 16th do. "

• $26 ' To Earl Percy, for do. provided for the 5th do. ' — v. ' —/ - — '

t ' Tof Colonel M‘Dotfnell, so. r do. provided for the 76th do. ’ - i - ‘ "i—

oAug ’. 4. To LieutenantrGenf ral M ° Pchto ^, for do. provided for the 17th do. ~ s - /

« 1 ! To jGolonel Tottenham, for do. provided for the 90th do. — — —

12# Td3VIajor - General Rainsford, fp/ do. pjfp - vided for the 99th do. ' T

ToXie ' u ten ant - General Sherrard, for do. provided for the 69th do. * - : —

ColMiei Scott, for dj5, provided for the 83d do. " —— -. ' 1 —5——

Lord John Murray, for da provided for the 42d do. ’ ~ ! —

Sepk ' To Sir Thonji S. Wilson, for do. provided for the 501 6. ’ ? —

Odl. 4. To Lieutenant - General Jones, fordov provided for the id do. ' ’ — ‘

26. To Major - Genergl Tryoof for do. provided for the 70th do. •; t— v —

"TdLiwenant - QeperaJ JFredrick, for dq. provided for the 54th do. " r - - - ——

' Nov. flf. o Lieijtenanf - Co ’ onel Campbell, for do ? provided for the 74th do.. 1— —

29. To Sir E. Coote, ' for do, provided for the 37th do. — « — ——

M do/for do. provided for do, regiment, Dec. 8. To John Trotter, effor providing camp necessaries for the use of the force ? in thp

Leeward Islands and Jamaica —— - - - —

21. ’ To Sir Thomas Egerton, for divers camp necessarie ? provided for 1 company his corps of

f. 1. Tt > Sir Richard Milfranke, for diver ? camp necessaries provided for thef orth Riding of Yorkshire militia i -. v 1

c

A. IJ$K

£ j.

203 1 6

420 17 6

203 1 6

226 16 6

3 « 3 8 "6 11 < > 8 3 o > « 6

T# 13 9.

J17 9 284 ©

\i (.

311. 16 9

228 : i

26$ 11 2.

222 12 6

\ 186 i§ 0

544 14 o

203 1. 6

252 12 6

j8it 16 o

33, 1 ° 6

22367 ip 3 '

187 12 O Feb

4, 1781.

1780.

P, ?, B AaT ’ P 3.

Feb. 23. To Lord Viscount Hintop, jfgjr da.,

pjovided to r the £aft Devon, militia *

To Colonel Sawbridge, for dp. provided lor the.

J ftRentdo, ■

April 12. To Lord Raget, for do. provided, t eStaffoidshire do.. —. —

20. To the Dul e of Chandos, fordo, ptoyid *

ed for the North Hampshire do. — ».

27. To ColonelTuflhell, fordo ., provided tj e East Muidlesex do. _ _.. ., - rr—

May 22. To Colonel Co e, for do *, provided f rth&Spipprferftiire Do. — - y

' To. Lord Cranburne, fordo, provided for the

ertfort bire do. 4 - 5 - - - - -

June 15 ! To Lieutenant - Colonel Middleton, for do. provided for the DenbighQure do.

To Sir John Wodehouse, for do. provided. for die I fl Norfolk do.

To Major William Bui# > o, for < o. provided for the Rutlandihire do. —5 - - - - -

To Colonel George Sutton,. for dp, provided

% the Nottingham do. _ - - - - -

To Lord Rivers fondo. provided for the Dor - fctshire dp, —— -

To Colonel Le$hu c. e, for do. provided fp. - he Vfcrcefterdo. —r— - 1 — -

To Colonel Cajdecote, for do. provided for the North Lincoln do. - —

21. To Sir Ch rift of her Treife, for dow provided for the Cornish do,

TcLMajor John Jones, for dp. provided for th& JUdnorshire do. — —

July 6. TorheEarlof Upper OiTory, for do. provided for the Bedfordshire do. —

To Sir R. Milbanke; for do. provided for, the North Riding York do. —

12. To the Duke of Rutland, for do. provided for the Liecestershire do. - - - *

To : Lord Spencer, for do. provided for the Ox - fordlhiredo. — — — *

26. To the Duke of Manchester, for do, provide ed for the Huntingdon 4® *.. — —

To Lord Beauchamp, for do.. provided for the Warwickshire do — r —

Aug. 4. To Colonel Harvey, for do. provided. for the 2d West Riding York. do. —

. To Lord Hinton, fQjLdo. provided, for the East. ©evQiido. " —. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ———

xn 4

l9$ i ? 6 l6S 19 o 9 9 7

9$ 1

S4 4 a 93 S

14 O O 44 6. 0

4 0 0

' ', /

WS > 9 9 - 7 ? 9 V

m. 17 - o

181 •, 3 o 44 8 6 131 2 6

204 14 o

H7 14 o. 160 7 o 130/8 6

iS 3

178 3 o

207 I ’

12. To

166

FAR. LI AMENTARY

x7$e

it lVColond Skotnwrf, for do. provided for Ac Bacteurghamshire do. ——

To Colonel Orchard, for do provided for the N North Dtvdn do. > —

To the Duke of Devonshire, for do. provided lire the Derbyshiredo. —

To Lord A. Percy, for do. provided for the Northumberland do. —

To the Earl of Pbwis, for do, provided for the Montgomery ( biredo. " ——

3r. To Colonel Maister, for do. provided for

tit East Riding York do ., - - - - -

Kept, i j. To Colonel BJackwelf, for do/ pro. nldedfor the North Glonrcester do. —

To Lord Bateman, fordo, provided for the Herefordshire do. ' —— -

O6I. 1 r. To Lieutenant •colonel Johues, for do. provided for the Carmarthenshire do. —

To Colonel Parker, for do. provided for the

South Devon do. .. .. .. ... ~ - — -

rh To Colonel Ward, fordo, provided for the Cambridgeshire do.

Nov. 23. To Sir Richard Worilfey, for d6 provided for the South Hampshire do. —

To the Earl of Sussex, for do. provided for the Northamptonshire do.

To Color el James Lowther, for do. provided for the Cumberland do. ——

Dec. a ' r. To the Earl of Rochford, for do, p o - vJW for e additional companies to the Weil JKllex

A. T7S1.

£v

162 A o

» 7 1 l5 ' '

230 17 o

» $ 19

i$r si

H tr

01

- i

» 4 4

55 6

,. « 4.

12 ©

6‘

d

61

6

6

V

cr

V d

h

7 *

■ 1

6344 ' 16 ' i5

bferch 23. To Lieutenant - GeneraT Brandt *

Grant, for Sundry accoutrements of the 63d regi - r " / ment of foot, loll on the icrvice in North

vita between 26th of Augnrt 1776 and 19th JimeJAr, irkV‘

77 —. —" ‘f

Tc Cdfditel HarCourr, to replace 12 horses be - fongiqg to the i6fh regiment of dragoons, ' which ‘/ v wfere killed in ferflCe in North America, Between *, f "

2d January 1777 and 25th October 177$ * 1R4

April 20. To Major General Vaughin, for - I fondry accoutrements of the 46th Tegimenf Jof foot, loft - oft service in North America, betwehs 1

6th July and 9th September 1779 32

*,. ? v£

.. - t j

$ O

V

DEBATES.

( fio.

17. To Lieuten nt General Armstrong, to rc place Sundry do, of the 8th regiment of foot, loft rah February 1776, onboard a transport off the

Island of Neris. — - - - - -

To Lieutenant General Sorell, to re - fftmefundry do, of £ye companies of the 48th re - esc of toot, taken at the fur render of Grtna -

To do. to replace cloathing of do. taken at do.

22. To Lieutenant General Preston, to replace 33 hors s of the 17th regiment of dragoons, which were killed in action, taken hr the enemy orfliot f < p the ganders, in North America, from their •mUFlcation to 24 December 1 779, —

Todovto replace 17 horses belonging to the officers of do, regiment which were Toft in a&oo l c. ipdof from 25th December 1778, to 24th De -

c ber 779 — - - - r -

. To do ? to replace sundry accoutrements of do. regiment, loft on Service in k ) « from April a776 tdst4 ? th June 1778 —

24. To General Eliott, to replace 8 hptfes of the 1 fth regiment of dragoons, which were burnt at Manchc&r by a fist which happened 27th December 1779 r \

June a. To Mqjnr. General Jlafley, to replace fvpdry accoutrements of the 27th regiment of foot, tod on service in North America —

. To Sir Thomas Spencer Wilton, to replace fondiy do. of the 40th regiment of fqot, « loft in

addon on hoard the tfeetin July 1778 —

toLieutenant GeaeralPonaercy, to replace fti&dry do, of the 64th regiment of foot, loft on fcrrice in America in 1778, and 1779 —

To Lieutenant General Mock ay, to replace do. of the atftegimeotof foot, loft qn femcein. do.

in theyeor 1776 — —

14. To Colonel Jtsncourt, to replace horses of the x6tk rej ment of dragoons, loft qr ( rilled in A - mqrica, from iftbDpcentber 1777. to 24th December 1778 -

July i2 « To do, to replace sundry cloathing and accoutrements of do. regiment, loft or taken by the enemy mdn. in the year 1778 — *

Dec. 8; To Sir Conte, to replace sundry ac - eoutiements of the 77th regiment of foot, loft on fetrice id America between 25th November 1777, mdifth February

/ * x > *, 4

7 1 3 34 1

S6S 3

i.

260 10 O

» * it6 *

39 7 iS 56 « i6 9 56 x o « 9 9

660 0

169 3 9

M 9 Jan. 13.

rti parliamentary -

Jan. i£. To Llfcotfchant GcneVal rd -

place sundry horses of the 17 th regiVnertt bf dta - gcons, which wete loft at sea killed in action or ( hot for the glanders, &e. in America ' from 25th December 1779, to 24th ' June 1780 —— '

To do. to replace 19 horses belonging to the offict rs of do. regiment loft at Tea, &c. troiri do. ;

to do .,. - - - - -

- 17; - To Lieutenant - General Preston, /to replace sundry accoutrements of the 17th regiment of dragoons, which were loftonfirVice in Worth America, betweeft tH Decerriber 1 78, td zj\h December 1779 ' - — —— To do; to replace"ftThdry do1, left dh irf

do. between 2£tRBecenfoer 1779, to 24th June - 1780 — ;

' •, l i i f ' '. T ' t T

1779 -

May 31. To StFEw Coote, in lieh bf 498s nett ofrrefcVoifitofcs of ttfe additionateTCTtTf th regiment of foot —• *

1780.

Feb. 10. To Earl Wucturberg, itt ’ lleu of r22 < h M of his regiment of foot —= sss

To Lord Vilcourit Gh Wfo ' n, in lieu of 1 22ds do. of the 87th reginftSft of ftof, r ’ V. ». L,

"To Sir Thomas figerton, in T2 2ds do.

of his regiment of fotfF ' - u -; ~r

To Colonel St. Le ? g£r, < iti ) ieu of db. bf

tHfc 86th regiment of "foot 1 - r 1 — ‘ ‘

To Colonel Caty, ' ift ’ lfeb of ‘i zdi thd; 89th do ., ' " -; V— '

' Tothe Earl ofHfffhlgton, 5n IieiT < ! tf iiVdfc dpi of the 85th do.. u" ' ' « a 7"

To Colonel Keating1, 1 m Herd bf r ado '. lofctftfc

smhto. t - - - - -

To Colonel Totfeifcitiv, ? i} libuW isldvd&lW theooth - do. - < •; - Jii -

To Colonel AckRhidj MfiWi. T whffif ' de. ' arM1 '

ToLieutenant do. of the Q2d do. \

. ji. ri ' 78tv

t

tr t

, yr i I

' j t *

V J

J - 7X&

9

1 o

k ' ’

‘ *. v -

April of To M5tT. Coy and Mattj"tb -

i > V. ! ‘ i - ".

ndft offir&konings of hit reglWdlit of dragodhV

• WXz

- M n - i"

May 10#

v

Gc le

A. i ? 8t. DEBATES,

1780.

K May 10. To Colonel Stanton, in lieu of i22ds nett offreckonings of the 97th regiment of foot To Colonel Reid, in lieu of i22dsdo. of the ' 95th do. — ■

To Lieutenant Colonel fjolroyd, in lieu of I22d « do, of the 2 2d regiment of dragoons — To Lieutenant Colonel Whyte, in lieu of 122ds do. of the 96th regiment of foot — ■

To Colonel Dundas, in lieu of lands do. of the -

94th do. .. .. .. .. i. '

Aug. 30. To Lord M‘Leod, in lieu of 28$ds do. of the rff battalion of the 73d do —

To do. in lieu of 24ds do. of the ad battalion of do. regiment — — -

Sept. 30 To Colonel M armick, in lieu of I22ds do. of the 93d regiment of foot. —

Nov. 23. To Lord John Murray, in lieu of I22ds do. t > f the 2d battalion of the 42d do.

To Lieutenant Colonel North, in lieu of 12ads do, of his corps of foot —

To - Lieutenant Colonel Fullarton, in lieu of iiadsao. ' of the 98th regiment of foot ——

To Major General Rainsford, in lieu of I22ds do. of the99th do. —. .. .. .. —

1780.

Feb. 10. To the Duke of Argyll, for one bat horse, for each of the two additional companies, to the id battalion of the iff regiment of

foot, ordered to take the field -. .. ... -

To do. for an additional horse to do To the colonels of four regiments of dragoons, for additional bat horses for their respective regiments, being ordered to take the field — *

23. To the colonels of three regiments of foot, ' for bat horses for their respectte regiments, ordered to fenre abroad - *

. May 26# To the colonels of four regiments of foot, for bat horses for their respective regiments, ordered on service, -

, ToSif Thomas Spencer Wilson, for additional bat horses for the 59th regiment of foot, ordered to take the field —

To Major Dairymple, for bat horses for his Corps of foot, ordered to take thefieldin Jamaica

> 46

476

476.

S ' *

4 5

6

7 *

4o‘

t8

? 46,

5 6

9 n -

o o

o o 4 o o 3J o o

44® 0, 4

too. o 9 6b o e

T *

L.

y < PARLIAMENTARY A. 781.

' 1780. £. a.

To the colonels ' of the 60th and 79th regiments v of foot, lor bat horses for their rdpe&ive regiments, ordered onservice — — 220 o o

Tq the < colonels of the 78th and 8 3d - regiments of foot, for additional bat horses for their re - ipe&ive cements, ordered to take the held 200 o o

July 26. To Major General dUinsford, for bat j horses for the 99th - regiment of foot, ordered 4

abroad - < — no o o

Nsr. 23. To the colonels of three regiments of foot, for do. for their respective regiments, or - tipped abroad —. —1—. 330 0 0

Dec 28. To the colonel of three - regiments of do. fordo, for their respective regiments, ordered abroad, " —— - 399 o o

To Sir Thomas Egerton, for one bat horse, for one company. of his corps of foot, ordered to take ihe&td V — ' — - to o o

To the colonels of four regiments of foot, ' for bgt baggage, and forage for additional companies to their respective regiments, ordered to serve abroad — — 19$ o o

m 1 I.. > —

2605 o o

Feb. 10. To the Duke of Argyll, for baggage •horserfor two additional companies to the 1 ft battalion of the 1 ft; regiment of foot, ordered to take the field - — — 30 p o

Feb. 23. To the colonels of three regiments of foot, for baggage horses for their respective regiments, ordered abroad — - < 53345 o

May 26. To the colonels of four regiments of foot, for do. for their respective regiments, ordered otffemoe 713

To Major Dalrymple, for do. for his corps of foot, ordered to take the field in Jamaica — 416 5

‘TO the dblonels of the tft - battalion of the both and 79th regiment of foot, for do. for their re - ipective regiments, ordered on service — * 414 j o

1 July 26 J To Major General Rains ford, fordo for the 99th regiment offoot, ordered abroad - 178 ig o

Nov. 23. To the colonels of three regiments Of foot, for do. for their respe < 5tive regiments, ordered abroad — > — t— : jj6 o

' Dec. 28. To the colonels of regiments of

do. for do. for their respe&re regents, ordered abroad —— - — s *

X

A. j8iy J > E A, \3f « E : 5. 1

| 1780 /. iT;

[ To Sir Thomas figerton foreran baggage horse - :

1 for one company of his corps of foot, - Oid ed to - '

take the field - — - —r '

50 o

Jan. 31. To the colonels of 10 regiment of foot, for foods winter foragefor - their respective regiments, ordered to beuo readiness to take the

field - - - - 40$ - 9

To the colonels of 9 regiments of dragoon guards, and dragobns, for loods do. for their re -. *

spe&ire regiments, ordered to be in readiness to take the fiSd —— — — 509$ O 9

Feb. 10. To the I > uke of Argyll, for fb rage fbfr two additional companies to the id : battalion of the 1 ft regiment of foot, ordered to take the field 3$ ' ol o

To do. for winter forage for do. - - 35 o o

Feb. 23, To the colonels of three regiments of foot, for toegds forage for their respective regiments, ordered to ferye abroad - 660 o o

29. To the colonels of the 78th and 83d regiments of foot, for foods winter forage their respective regiments, ordered to be in readiness to take the field — — 512 10 o

March 17. To forage money, for the general and staff Officers during the tampargn 1779 1474 8 ’.

May 26. To the colonels of foOr regiments of foot, for roods forage for their respectire regi -

snots, ordered on femce — ■. .. .. .. .. .. ... 880 O

To Lieutenant General Carpenter, for toods forage for the 4th regiment of dragdons, ordered to be In readiness to takethe field 1 O 9

To the colonels of it regiments of dragoon, guards and dragoon *, for roods forage for the far - geons mates of their tespective regiments — 55 o Q

To ' Major Dalrymple, for ioods do. for hia corps of fiwrt ordered to take the field in Jamaica 120 o 9 To the colonels of the ifi battalion of the 60th and the 79th regiments of foot, for i oods do. for their respective regiments, ordered on ferrice - 4 7 19 9

June 2i. To Lieutenant General Fitaroy, for ioods do. for the 3d regiment of dragoons, ordered id be in feddinest to take the field o O

July 3. To forage money to the general and staff officers, and Officers of the hospitals attending

the force ! - — - - - 471® 0 ®

Za 14 - To

PARLIAMENTARY A; i78 *.

7$® j *

14. TotheEarlof Seaforth, for nods further Allowance of forage for the regiment of foot, while in camp at Jersey and Guernsey — ' 291 0 0

To Colonel Scott, for 7ads do. for the 83d re *

giment of foot, while in camp at do - - -. 174 1 o

Jul % 26. To Major General Rainsford, for roods forage for the 99th regiment of foot, or dered to serve abroad 20. 0 o

To the colonels of sundry regiments of foot, for xc ds do. for their respective regiments, ordered to take the field ——. —— - 2860 o, 0

Nov. 23. To the colonels of three regiments of foot, for ioods do. for their respective regiments, ordered abroad — —, 660 o o

29. To forage money to the general and staff officers during the campaign 1780 — 1855 3 o

To the colonels of sundry regiments of dragoon guards and dragoons, for ioods winter forage for their respective regiments, ordered to be in icadi - iiefs to take the field — ■. 7150 0

Dec. 13. To the colonels of the three regiments of foot guards, in lieu of forage for their respective regiments, ordered to be in readkiefs to take the field — 6x28 5 6

28. To the colonels of three regiihents of foot, for ioods forage for their respective regiments, ordered to serve abroad — — 7x0 00

To Sir Thomas Egerton, for forage money for one company of his corps of foot, ordered to take /

the field — — 17 IP O

To the colonels of the 78th and 83d regiments of foot, for ioods forage for their respective regiments, ordered to take the field — - p o

To the Duke of Argyll, for forage for the 2d battalion of the id regiment of foot, from the

time the said battalion left the camp in tfyde Park to the end of the campaign, being 120 days 264 o o

38395 8 6

Feb 10. To the colonels of sundry regiments of militia, ' for additional bat horses for the additional companies to their respective regiments, ordered to take the field —— — - ‘J30 Q ©

26. To the colonels of the Leicesterffiire and SuflTex militia, for do. Tor their respective regiments, ordered to take the field 219. 0 ©

28. ro

byGOOglt

D E BAT E S. 17j

17 80.. _ £. j *

28. To Colonel Tuffnell, for one bat h < rfe for the additional company torhe East Middlesex militia, ordered to take the field —— 1000

To do. for an additional bat horfi for do. to carry the blankets —— - 10 o o

July 26. To thecolonels of sundry regime ms of militia, for bat horses for their respective regi - - meats, ordered to take the field — 420 o o

To the colonels of fondry do. for bat horses '

for the additional companies to their ifcspective re -

giments, ordered to take the field —• 130 o o

Aug. 30. To Lord Bateman, for bat horses for the Heretordshire militia, ordered to take the

field - — too o o

Nov. 29. To Lieutenant Colonel Johnes, for do. for the Carmarthepshire militia, ordered to take the field ■ 60 0 o

1070 o o

Feb. 28. To Colonel Tuffnell, for one baggage horse for the additional company to the East Middlesex militia, ordered to take the field —•

July 26. To the colonels of sundry regiments of militia, for baggage horses for their rdpedive regiments, ordered to take the field —

To the colonels of sundry do. for baggage horses for the additional companies their respective regiments, ordered to take the field - - Aug. 30. Xo Lord Bateman, % for baggage horses for the Herefordihiie militia, ordered to take the field — —

N Nov. 29. To Lieutenant Colonel Johnes, for baggage horses for the Carmarthenihire militia, ordered to take the field —. ..

ly O Q,

53 « S ® 1 < ) $ o o

lSS 0 ° 93 15 0

1112 10 o

Jan. 31. To thecolonels of fundnr regiment of militia, for ipods winter forage for their respective regiments, ordered to be in readiness to y

take the field — — 6593 o o

Feb. 28. To Colonel Tuffnell, far forage for the additional company to the East Middlesex militia, ordered to take the field —. .. .. ... — 17 xo o

To do. for winter forage for do. — 17x00 *

May 26. To the colonels of the Leicestershire and North Hampshire militia, for xoods winter

forage

parliamentary

74

A 17814.

1780.

forage to their respective regiments, ordered to - be '

in readiness to take. ihe ffcjld —. ... — —

July 26. To the colonels of sundry regiments of militia, for ioods forage for their respective regiments, Ordered to take the field —•

Ang. 2 3. To the colonels of sundry do. for 176ds forage for their respective regiments, ordered to be in readiness to take the field, during the

campaign 1770 —

30. To Lord Bateman, for ioods forage, for the Herefordihire militia, - ordered to take the field To the colonels of Ivin dry regiments of militia, for ioods winter forage for their respective regiments, ordered to be in readiness to take the field Nov. 29. To Lieutenant Colonel Johnes, for ioods forage for the Carmarthenshire militia, ordered to take the field. ..

400 0 0

1

7180 Of

4314 8 a

200 ' O : 2327 10 O

122 ro. O

21574 8 o

April 7. To Robert Adair, Esq. on account for his contingent disbursements as inspector general of regimental infirmaries — — 2000 O O }

June 21. To do. on account, to enable him to pay the monthly allowance to the regiments encamped —— — 2 000 o o

Aug. 4. To do. on account, to enable him to satisfy such bills as are drawn for the pay of extra surgeons and mates in the West Indies and Africa 1000 ©

To do. on account of sundry contingent dif - burfements for hospitals, &c. —— 100© O ©

eDec. 8. To do. being the balance of his account of contingent disbursements for the sick of the ’ ‘ '

army, from 25th. December 1778, 1024th June

1780 - - - — J71 f2 3 '

To do. being the balance of pay of extra surgeons mates in the Ceded Islands,. from 25th December 1777, to 24th December 1779 — 3 ° 3 4 0

15. To do. being the balance of his difohrfei - menrs for the hospital allowance of the army, w hi if in camp, for the years 1778 and 1779 — 3

7706 9 ' 3

1780. ’, A

Jan. 19. To Lieutenant General Parker, to

reimburse him the contingent expences of thfc army encamped on Warley Common, from 12th

June 1779, to 24th November following — 108 o

75

A. i ) 8i D E B X T E S.

1 - 7S0,

To Lieutenant General Peirfon, to reimburse him do. of the army encamped at Cox heath, during the campaign 1779 130 19 3

Feb. 1 a To William Rice, Esq. surveyor of the horse guards, for work done, and repairs at Whitehall, the Tilt Yard, St James ’ s, Kenfing - ton, Somerset House, Zee. between 25th December 1776, and 23th December 1777 ~ — 3170 2 4

io. To Major General Morrison, for the contingent expences of the assistants to the quarter madergeneral in marking out grounds,. for encampments, and the pay of an extra uflistant, : from jft December 1778, to 23th December 1779, and pay of an extra clerk from 25th Odo - ber 1778, to do. — - %. — 363 19 6‘

• ip To MeiTrs. Ross and Gray, to moke good the deficiency of pay to the non tommissionodof - titers and private men of the 16th regiment of

dragoons — — - - 194. 6 2 3

To Lieutenant General Amherst, for his contingent expences as adjutant general, : from 23th December 1777, to 24th December 1778 — 406 n 0

March 23 To Lieu tenant Colonel Holroyd, for horse furniture and accoutrements of his regiment ofdmgoona ' — 1471

April 14. To Charles Eyre and William Stra - han/EsqtV for - the charge of paper, printing,

&c. several a£b~of parliament for the use of the army ‘ - — 384 12 8

April 12# To John Gore, Esq. for neceflariea for the foot guards in the barracks of the Tower, from Michaelmas 1779, to Lady Day 1780 — - 619 7, 6

April 20. To=Capkain Richard Bailey, for ex - Mnces in fupbrintending the embarkation of parties, camp equipage, Sec. from nth March 1779 '

to xoth March 1780 —— 243 t

To Captain James Bulkeley, for losses sustain - N

ed by him by the shipwreck of the ship Catherine,

of the Irish coast " — — 44 x 0

TfcCofonel Samuel Townshend, for his contingent expences in superintending the recruiting,

service, from 23th June, to 24th December 1779 390

v Mky 12 *. To William Rice, Esq. surveyor of the guards for work done in repairs, &c. of the foot guards rooms, orderly rooms, Somerset House ( arxldks, and recruit - house, in full1 for throe years, from 25# December 1776, to 23th December 1779 •— * 777 9 o

I ' v; *. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. May

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

t; 8o. s.

May 2 z. To Major General Hall, for knap - sacks for the 79th regiment of foot —— 271 ia 6

July 12. To Colonel William Roy, for his Contingent difljurfementa as deputy quarter matter general and cotnraidary general, from 25th De - ' cember 1779, to 24th June 1780 — - 200 19 o

21. To George Gamier, Esq. bn account, for. medicines, &c. fqppUed, and to be supplied, for the use of the army - — 8000 o o

24. To ' Thomas Harley, Esq. for blankets for the use of the troops in England — 2242 12 2

Aug. 4. To Leonard Mor‘e, Esq. for carrying on for two years, from Midfuramer 1778, to Midsummer 1780, a progressive lift of commissions of all the officers in the army, and for having a new lift transcribed in 1779 - rr— — o o

To Colonel Pt&on, for knapsacks for the 75th regiment of foot — — - 8 O

to. To Messrs. Harley and Lloyd, for packing, freight, insurance, k in fending doathing for invalids in the respctUve garrisons, in the year 779 — « — - 4 4 7" i

11. To Major General Morrison, for his con -, tin gent expences as quarter master general, from

4$tly December 1779 to 24th June 1780 — > 0

To Colonel Samuel Townshend, for do. in fu - pCrinrending the recruiting Service, from do. to do 317 O 4

12. To Captain John Whitmarfti, of the So - gierfet militia, to defray the expences of a prevention carried on against him, for pulling down a disorderly booth af Qoxheath in the campaign

1779, by order of Lieutenant General Pierion 99 '

To Lieutenant Thomas Hockley, late of the West Suffolk militia, to defray the expences of do, carried on against him for doing his duty on the oc - aafion of a disturbance, when he was on guard at '. ‘

Coxheath in 1778 — —.

Aug. 23. To the agents of the three regiments tf foot guards, for extra charges of the saidregi -. ments, during the late tumults —

31. To George Gamier, Esq. apothecary general, in full for medieines for the aimy, t

779 - - - — 404S V

Oft. 4. To MefTrs Powell and Cooke, for lodes of officers of invalids by the taken by a French privateer

8. To John Gore, Esq. for necessaries furnished by him to the foot guards in the Tower of

London, from, Lady Day to Michaelmas 1780 3$S

Hope Tender being

36 1

( ^.

A. 1781.. DEBATES. 177

1780,. % £• u < /.

To do. for utensils furniftied by him to do. from

Michaelmas 1779, to Michaelmas 1780. 81 18 Q

Nov. 1. To Messrs. Bishopp and Co. for the a - inount of bills drawn on them by Lieutenant General Haviland, for carriage of camp necessaries to '

Plymouth - — - — 109 9 1

29. To Sir Richard Pierson, for the contingent expences of the camp at Dartford 1780 — 95 14

Dec. 8. To Mrs. Grizie Graham, in consideration of losses sustained by her late husband Captain John Graham of the 71ft regiment of foot - 49 o o

15/ To William Rice, Esq. surveyor of the guards, for work done in repairs, &c. of the horse and foot guards fof one year, to 24th December 2778 — — — 1616 8 t

21. To Colonel Samuel Tawnshend, being the balance of his general account of expenditures on the recruiting service, &c. fof 12 months, to 24th June 1780 _ — '. ——2260 2 10

To Lieutenant General Havilandf for the - hire and damage Of ground for the, ef ! campment near Plymouth, in the year 1779 r - - 476 13 6

To Lieutenant General Monckton, to be paid over to Messrs. Carter and Ayling for damages done their grounds by the Surrey militia, wheii encamped near Portsmouth, in the year 1 - 779 X09 xo _ 7

Dec. 21. To Lieutenant Darnel Paterson, af - ' *

fistant quarter mailer general, to be paid over to

sundry persons for hire of ground for the camps near Salisbury. Aldborough, and at Fairlight,

1779, and at Blackheath 1780, and for damages

done by the fame — ——• ', 118 3 6

1781.

Jan. 12. To Thomas Harley, Esq. for blankets for the life of the tr > ops ip jEhgland « - 1119 11 Xl

15. To Leonard Morse, Esq. secretary to Qe - neral Lord Amherst, for his expences for the service of the army, from Chiiilmasly/q, to thrift - 0351780 — ^ \ £2$ g 4

To John Trotter, Esq. for providing hospital bedding for the use of the forces — 1965 l7

17. To Lieutenant General Parker, fof the contingent expencei of the camp at Tipcree Heath,

during the campaign 1780 91 3 9 '

To Lieutenant General Hall, for do < of the ari

my under his command in the northern district, from 25th February 4779, to 28th May 1780 Vol. ! L A a

22 18 3

4 To

17S PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

1780,

24. To Andrew Clinton, Esq. for providing, and repairing divers utensils, &c. for the use of the barracks at Plymouth dock, from 25th December 1779, to 24th December 1780, and for hisfalary for providing and taking care of the fame for the said period - - - - - - - -

24. To E. B. De L Fontaine, Esq. barrack matter of the Savoy, for providing utenuls for the use of the infirmary and barracks there, for the

year. 1780 ' - - - - — -

31. To Messrs Harley and Lloyd, for packing, freight, carriage, and other charges, in fending cloathing for ten new companies of invalids to their respective garrisons, in the years 1779 and 1780 — —

£ ' s.

287 3 I *

112 8 10

124 13 7

r

War Office,

4th April 1781.

Total 3443217 9 H C. Jenkinson.

An Account of the Difirihufion of Nine hundred

Part of the Sum of One Million, granted ' to His Majesty\ to defray any Extraordinary Expences incurred, or to he, on Account

of Military or Ordnance Services for the Tear 1780.

Dates of Warrants.

1780. £• s, d,

an '. 24. To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esqrs. to be by them inyefted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in North America —• — 160658 16 5

Feb. 22. To do. to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty ' s force ?, serving in do. —, 114850 3

May 12, To dd. to be by them invested in Spa - nifli and Portugal coins. For the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in do. — 20000 o o

26. To do. to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces, serving in do. - - - 336414 2

29.. To do. to be by them in vetted in Spanitti and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces serving in the West Indies 16000 O ©

June 28. To do. to be by them invested in Spa - nish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces, serving in North America 14$ 147 19. 3 To do. to be by them invested in Spanish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Ma - jdly’s forces, serving in do. —— 62773 15 4

, July ao *

le

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

1780, u

July 2o, To do. to be by them invested tn Spa -

nish and Portugal coins, for the use and service of His Majesty’s forces, serving in do. in part of a warrant for 500001. 111 44x54 10. 10

War Office,

4th April 1781,

900000 o o C. Jenkinfc.

79

March 7.

Lord North rose and opened tl > e budget. His lordfli ip Lord began with saying, that it gave him great concern, that he /could not date to the committee at that time the taxes which he meant to propose as a fund, for a. nfvvering the annual interest of the sum to be borrowed for the service of the year. The taxes had undergone very nice and sober investigation; but they were not yet, in his opinion, sufficiently inquired into to be submitted to the condderation of Parliament. Several papers of calculations relating to them had come into his hands but a few days before, and some fresh difficulties had darted, which would require some further deli - r beration. In the course of a few days, he would lay them before the committee; and in the mean time he could only say, that they should be efficient, and he hoped not burthen - some. The only business, therefore, that he had before him on this day was, to open the date of the expences of the current year, with an account of the dim which the ways and means, already voted, had granted towards that supply, and to move for the loan necessary to make up the surplus that was wanting; and even in this respect he found himself under considerable difficulty : he could not date to the committee the whole of the several services of thq year, since some of the edimates had not yet come before the House.

He could, however, make very ' probable conjectures of the amount of the services that yet remained to be voted; and such as the committee might go upon, so far as was necessary to the, budness of the present day.

The sums already voted were as follow : the whole amount ' of the navy including the several heads under which the sums are granted, and which he severally

' enumerated was ' 5, 73 ^, 277

The sum voted for the army 4, 239, 144

The ordnance - - 1, 030, iq6

Exchequer bills of lad year

A a

1, 500, 000

d.

7

‘I

4 o o

Vote

PARLIAMENTARY

s. d.

Vote of credit of last year - 1, 000, 000 6 o

Miscellaneous services - 277, 186 6 it#

Peficieneies on the taxep of 1777, 1778,

1779, and 178Q - - 639, 072 2 h

In all 14, 421, 786 11 ii{

In regard to the last article, the deficiencies as now stated to the committee, exceed those of last year by more than iooool. byt there were in the sum now brought before the House, the deficiencies of four years, and the sums of last year had only the deficiencies of three years. The defit fciency of last year alone was more than 200, 0001. but this deficiency did not strife from any defeat in the taxes them ? selves, but frorti the mode of their establishment; the fund having commenced in January, and the taxes not taking place till Midfurnmer. This circumstance of the fund beginning before the taxes, produced the deficiency, and not any failure in the taxes thiemfeives, For the rest, the defir ciencies of the preceding years Were much leis this - yeajr than they were the last; and there was the fairest profpea of their answering, not only the whole of the sum at which they were taken, but a considerable sum more. Their failure at first had arisen from an error in the collection : it was with them as it is, and must be, with all taxes in their ipr fancy; difficulties had arisen which were not foreseen, and Which nothing but experience could reprove, He held it to be a ipost essential part of his duty to propose taxes that Would be efficient, since by their failure they were obliged td come upon the sinking fund with charges that were very injurious and impolitic. Three of the taxes which he had pToposed, had failed at first, and failed considerably; but they had failed more from their novelty, than from their inefficacy. The house - tax was now dearly understood, and would undoubtedly produce the sum at which it was taken; the servants - tax also pfOinifed to bring a much larger fuin to the revenue than that for which it was given. But it wanted iome regulations in the mode of the cojleftion. He intended to propose some to the House which he thought would be sufficient, and would make it in all probability fully adequate to the sum for which it was taken. The post - horse tax now held forth the most promising appearance, a§ it had produced nearly double since tbfe alteration.

Gc l

A. xjSu © B B A T E S. # i8j

The sum already voted for the supplies pi the year was, ashehadftated 14, 421, 786 n

There fHU Wete several services which—. .. .. .. .. — ■.

remained, and which, though he could not state to the committee With accuracy and precilion, he could yet state very near to their amount.

The extraordinaries of the army would be about 3, 400, 000—besides this, there would be under the fame head of war - office, a sum. of aibout 150, QOOj wanted for the railing independent companies as mentioned to the House, and for railing. feme troops in Ireland, on the Engiim establi foment; so that the sum altogether, which yet remained to be voted for the £• s, army service, he Jooked to be about 3, 65 ^, 760 o o The miscellaneous services were Tor roads and bridges in Scotland, 3000 The Africanxompany, 1 13000

Somerset House - 25000

The amount of miscellaneous fer -

ykes. - - 41, 000 o o

The deficiencies on land and malt had 4

been taken last ' year at 450, 0001. —They had not amounted to so much as that sum, and from the justeft calculation he would not state them at more than - 350, 000 Q o

The coinage was - - 8, 004 0 o

The deficiency of the grants of last year, arising from several causes, amounted in the whole to 257955 3 of

Bqty from that sum there was to be taken the a - mount of savings, arising from several causes - 249401 4 9 '

So that the deficiency of grants to be voted was - - - $ > 553 18 3}

A sum to pay exchequer bills 1, 900, 000 < 7 o

A sum, by a vote of credit, to pay off, so much of the navy debt i, coo, cDo o o

Th6

ill

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

. The whole of the Turn that yet remained

to be voted Xvas therefore - 69958, 416 18 3f

And the whole amount of the sum ne - - - — - —

cefiary for the service of the present year, s. J.

voted and unvoted, was - 21, 380, 202 11 11}

And for which sum it would be the du~— - - -

ty of Parliament to procure ways and means. The House had already voted a part of this sum, by the land and malt £• J. A taxes - - 2, 750, 000 O p

By a surplus sum lying in the exchequer, above paying the grants of Parliament - - 288, 346 19 8

Already voted - - 3 038, 346 19 8

He meant to raise by exchequer bills towards the supply of the year 3, 500, oCO o O

And he proposed to charge the sinking fund with a larger sum this year than the last, and for this reason : Upon a review and calculation of the produce of the sinking fund for the last twenty years, dividing it into four periods of five years each; it appeared that upon an average of these five years, it had been regularly on the increase, and that in time of war as well as peace, in time of difficulty as well 2s of case. In order to mew this to the House, he stated the produce of the sinking fund for these periods, the sums chargeable upon it, and also the disposeable sums.

In the period of five years, beginning in October 1761, and ending in 1765, the receipt of the sinking fund was, upon an average, somewhat more than 6, 500, 000 !. the sum charged upon it was on an average 4, 289, 8361. ’ 4s. and the disposeable sum on the average of that period was annually - - - £. 2, 090, 903 o O

From 1765 to 1770 the disposeable sum on the fame average was - 2, 266, 246 o o

From 1770 to 1775, the sum was 2, 651, 453 o o

From 1775 to 1780, the sum was 2, 868, 012 7 4

So that from this view of the gradual increase of the sinking fund, the committee would perceive, that a very material ad -, vantage might be taken of the fund for the ways and means of the current year. He meant to charge it with 2, 900, 000 !. and gentlemen would not think that this was too large a sum, when they were told that the disposeable sum in the last

, ' - y r

A, 1781. DEB ATERS. -

rt5

year was confidently more than the average of thelaff period which he stated And the committee would also consider, that the sinking fund would receive an accession this year of

190, 0001. by the redi/CHon of per cents, which, if Parliament did not mean, or were not inclined to apply to the service of the year, would leave a considerable sum in the sinking fund unappropriated. - - These sums, voted and unvoted}

together with the sum of I2, oooo, ooool. which he proposed as the loan for the year, and which he was about to propose to the committee, would come to more than he had stated the supplies to be. It would amount to the sum of 21, 438, 3461. 19 ^. 8d. which was a surplus above the supplies, voted and unvoted, of 58, 144k 7s. 8fd. This surplus would certainly answer for any sum to which the supplies that yet remained to be voted, would come to, above what he had stated them to be from conjecture. In this statement he had allowed ' npthing for the savings, or money now lying in the exchequer, or in die hands of the different accomptants of state. There would in the course of this year come in several balances to a very considerable amount, from different accomptants, in consequence of the inquiries and the reports of the commil - lioners, appointed to examine the public accounts. —These commissioners very properly following the plan and rule presented to them in the aCfc, had first enquired into the modes of the collection of the revenue; and from the reports which they had already made to the House, gentlemen would perceive, that advantages would be derived from their corrections of abuse : but in this particular, they would not bo so beneficial as in others; for the reception of revenue in this country wasasfimple, and as clear, as in most countries; and he was apprehensive that the alterations to be made there, even inhumes of peace, would be immaterial. But by and by, they would come to a more important subject—to the expenditure of the public money—and there they would find several large and considerable balances lying in the hands of different accomptants, orofthofeof their executors, because their accounts could not be made up, which would come in very opportunely, and be applied agreeable to the resolution of Parliament. He was one of those accomptants, jointly with another person, and there was a considerable balance in their hands. If it amounted to a million, or thereabouts, the House would consider whether it might not be very properly, and with much public benefit, applied to

paying

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

paying off ( 6 much of the navy debt, by which means, we should be able this year to pay off two millions of that debt.

The noble Lord now observed, that it might be objected to him, that in proposing a loan of 11, 000, 0001. he duouid bring the committee to conient to vote the money, without having ' examined the estimate, Or knowing the service. This certainly was the rule of Parliament—not to grant the money Where the fervi. ee was not before the House. He wi filed to attend to this rule, and in fa& he did so, for the House had already granted Supplies to an amount that would justify them for voting the sum proposed.

The furr s already voted, were, as he /,

had stated to the Hojufe. - - 14, 421, 786 it n

To this might be added with propriety, the sums for which the House were bound by former grants, though they had not T cen voted this year—that is to say, - —the deficiency of land and ijialt - - 350, 000 O O

The sum of exchequer bills issued in consequence of the vote bfJaft year. - 1, 400, 000 o o

So that there was a supply actually, ff

the same as - voted of - - V7 > 78 *

Towards this there was only voted of ways and means - 3, 038, 346 19 8

Add to this the sum of the loan - 12, 000, 000 0 0

- - - - - < - - 1 Ji®3 % 34 19 8

And there was ftiil a surplus of supply voted, above the ways and means of - 1, 135, 439 12 jf

This statement, he said, would satisfy the House, that they were not, in going into the business of the loan on that day, transgrefSng again# the laws of Parliament, by grant ing the money without estimate of service.

The noble lord came now, he said, to the immediate subject of the loan, which was the business of the day. He lamented exceedingly, that he should be obliged ' to cotrie down and propose so large an addition to the debt of the empire where we were obliged to borrow on such disadvantageout terms, arising from the low state of our funds. It t as, however, a calamity to which, in our present situation, we muff

unfortunately

A 1781. DEBATES *

unfortunately submit : the proportion which he had to make, was for a loan of 12, 000, 000 1, on the following terms, which certainly were hard.

150 1. of 3 per cents consol.

25 of per cents and

4 lottery tickets to each subscriber of 10001. in a lottery of the fame size as that oflaft year. At the begin - niig of last week, such was the state of our funds and of our affiurS, that the money - lenders would not agree to take the 3 per cents at more than 55, and the per cents at more than 68, taking them at this rate

1501 of 3 per cents, at cc, was £. 8a 10 251, of per cents, at 68 17 o

, 1 lottery ticket, reckoned at 10

£. too 10

So j&at in this way it came to no more than iool. ios. and there must have been a larger douceur, in order to have got the money; so that if he had concluded the matter at that time, or even later in the week, he must have made a very hard bargain for the public But lince that time circumstances had happened, news had arrived, and hopes of pacification had arisen, which had wrought a considerable effect on the funds; by which means he had been able, on Monday last, to make a better bargain, though undoubtedly it was jtill a very hard one. The terms which he had then agreed on,. and which he propofbd to the confederation of the Houfq, were to give to every subscriber of iool.

£. £. d.

150 of 3 per cents consol. at 58 87 o o

25 of per cents at 70 - 17 10 o

- Four lottery tickets to each subscriber of

iooool. reckoned at - 100

% 105 10 o

These were the terms whith he had been obliged to give for the money. ' The 3 per cents were at 59 when the bargain was made; if they continue at that, it would add 30 fnilfings to the douceur and raise it to 71, but the money - lenders would net take it at that rate, lince the circumstances which had happened to affect their iudden rife were not so beyond the reach of fate, as to be trusted to, with any degree of certainty. There bad come nothing certain, nothing to be depended upon, it was only a tendency to a peace, which, if V01. II B b nothing

parliamentary A.. nh -

nothipg caipe to check it, might concise in the grqfperpu$ event; 1}ut it had nqt yet taken root, it was very far frqjp her ing solid, and should it be checked, Ihquld a revejrfe of for - tone arise, it would certainly affect the funds jn a very conn derable degree, and in all probability bring them down again as low as they were before the rumour arole. This the money - lenders considered; and as money - lenders generally o be of the fafejide, they would not agree to take 3 cents at more than 58, though they were at 59, apd per cents at more than 70, though they were at 72. Top noble lord observed, that the plan of railing the money thf year, made undoubtedly an increase of capital; a circumstance which, in the eyes of ignorant people, was always considered 3s a very great calamity, Put ? upon the whole, he considered this as the cheapest mode of borrowing money. To borrow on a fqnd of 5 per cent, though it has its advantages, has also its inconveniencies, The money - lenders, are not fond $ ib they are afraid of its. falling in value He was aware that h might be said, that the principle upon which he had ipa4$ former loans, was directly the reverse of the principle of this, viz. Here the terms tended to increase thecapitalof the aado 7

f al debt, and formerly the loan was proceed by annuities, n answer to this, he mould say, that \ % had always beep huj ppinipn, that tl e best way of making a loan, was by increasing the capital, and to raise the mopey as low ap iqter ? as possible, because it was the int rell that the people were burdened with paying of, and not the capital : bpt theP it WWW be said, " if this was always your opinion, hp r came YOU 19 make your former loans on a very opposite principle ? ' To which he would reply, that increasing the capital of opr debt was a matter very apt to alarm ignorant and unthinking peo pie, and the fpre % ding of speh an alarm, however caqfeless the panic, might do tpuch mischief apd thetefqrq rather than give rife to such an alarm, he had made his former loans upon the different principle, thinking it wiser to burden the public yvith fomewhal interest; and h < ? ' was free tqqwp, % hat he wished tq have done the lame this year, and fhqpld haye thought it wiser, could he have got the monied people tq, cqtpe into such terms. He had proposed t, p create a 5 per ce flock, and an annuity,. but when he came to propose it nQr bqdy vyould Uften to it, unless he wopld make the stock, irr$ d. cemable fifteen years, certain. V ? a 5 per cep ke

parcel y knevy at wh t to have taken ft, fqrlqme putopepriee

A. ifit t > ' tV A T E S '

np6rr it, crfliers another : however he was ohfiged to give uji thfc idea for the season he had fiated *

fle however owned, that he would have preferred railing fire tffoney by this means, but the terms Which the moneyleader denhfarided were extravagant He stated these terms, and fheWed that in the first instarice he wohld have had an in - ferdt to pay of seven and a half, infstead of five arid a half : add to rirle chrifefjtftritly an annual Aim of between ( even and eight hritttfft ' d thousand pounds irfstead of 66q, 6o61. which Wis tfiei ahttdal ititerefi to b6 raised By the plan on which he Hdd 4£re « fr The difficulty of borrowing On the ground of jfttouitie ^ rose ' frrifri their being an unfaileable commodity in the

He Hated, fftyt the annual laving, in point of intercfi, by the j#art Which he had preferred and adopted, was 120, 0001 a6d that fhra frirri, so laved, if laid out in compound interetf Would, in twenty - eigfit years, produce as large a fuin as wcf Ihotrfd hftirhately gairi by the means of an annuity, ' the world iftgeiferal considered the capital of the national debt in sr pivttiiOf view; it Was not in fact true, that our debt W&f fflbrt than tfte annuities which we annually paid thfc efitf of the lafif War, a plan had been adopted of buying up t ptfrt of the debt at the market price, which was certainty tvety dtyihttfgeous, as Well as a fair plan for the public That mode ' lie hoped, arid triifted, would again be resortetf to '; rind wfiferi peace had giveri us the means and the opportunity of dftnirtiming our debt ', that we would take this prece -. detrt for orif gtfide, and pay off what we could at the market pfitd. A fiafriOifh had been propagated, that being at war With the iTriited States, we would not hesitate to seize upon the ihbriey Which tli ' ey had veiled in our funds. This was art ftfta Which wa : s at once shameful arid. libellous. - Great BWifirt Wdrild rie er resort to such base means. Ort the con - tffty, flirt Had followed a policy the reverie of that; for when vWWere foi - edd to take up arms against our colonies, Mary - htod hfotfd friria of money veiled in our funds, and we had hew ft faefed. There, if in any in fiance, it would have been pWjJttr tb hrtvt seized it, fdr it belonged to Maryland as a; ccrottbnity, arid riot, as the Dutch money, which is the property 6 ( inenVidrials; but it had been, and, would always Be ottifyofuty td‘shew to all the world, that, we kept the obliga - tidh Which friblllled between the debtor and the creditpr, with iihSbtable faltft, and that we made no respect $1ther jn friend ordfiettty, lhbjfctf Of febel, in point of firT£t arid ' just ' per - forrfiance of our engagements. With respect to the mode of

B b Zpaying

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

paying off the national debt at the market price, we had the consolation of having a very advantageous resource in the sinking fund. He had shewn the committee that this fund had been gradually and regularly on the increase. When therefore it should happen that tranquility was restored, he hoped and believed, that a very considerable provision might be made from the sinking fund for diminifoing the debt. Retrenchments in the civil establishments and the annual ex - ' penditure, might be made, and a system of oeconomy introduced, so that the whole expence of the year, after providing for the safety of the empire, might be brought within such strict and certain limits, as to leave a saving in the sinking fund, to be applied, with all its concomitant produce of interest, to the diminution of the capital of our debt. The sinking fund had considerably increased, and it would have considerable accessions by the falling in of various annuities, particularly those granted in the reign of King William. If therefore, by means of retrenchment, and other branches of oeconomy, a saving of one million, or of a million and a half, could be made and applied to this purpose, we should, in the course of fourteen or twenty years, {land in a very respectable slate of credit. Thisufehe thought might be. made of the sinking fund, and he agreed with those who recommended that system as proper to be adopted; but he could not also agree with an honourable gentleman in thinking that it was by any means advantageous to apply the savings of the sinking fund to this purpose in a time of war, and be under the necessity of borrowing as many new millions as we paid off. This was very disad vantageous to the public, since we should be obliged to pay terms for borrowing one million pay another. Our debt would not be diminished, and we should incur certain fixed, and disad vantageous expences. He hoped to fee this plan in a time of peace and tranquility thoroughly, investigated, and the benefits of it applied to the public service. The sinking fund had not been affected during the war; and indeed there were reafdns why the revenues of a country might not be affected by war, if they were not be nefited. The revenues might increase by the pervention of smuggling; they might increase by the quantity of stores, hemp, cordage, and other materials that were imported into the country; but those advantages were again met, and counterbalanced by the advantages of a peace, which tefl - red to the epuntry the number of its inhabitants employed abroad, whole presence considerably increased foe confiunp -

i8 *

A. : i ) 8 DEBATES.

tion of commodities that were exciseable, and brought with it also the return of extended and ge/ieral commerce.

Hestated that the sum to be raised annually, was 66o, ooool# and for, which sum he must. provide taxes. He would not have the taxes ready to lay before the House for two or three days, hut as he had told them, he should be careful to pro duce such as would be effective. Gentlemen would ' consider that in all new taxes there was difficulty, and there would in general be loss; but that was no argument against new taxes in general. Ail duties must have had their infancy, and it could only be by experience, that the errors of collection, or the chimeras of speculation, could be rectified. For this year, he would produce taxes, for which he would not be under. any apprehension. He should be careful to avoid uncertainty, and happy if he should not go to any lengths that would depress commerce. He intended to go upon matters that had been already tried, and by augmentations which were low and reasonable, rather than by new taxes, avoid the deficiencies which had been but too common of late.

After having entered into several other topics of argument, he concluded with moving, " That towards the supply " granted to his Majesty, the sum of 1. 2, 000, 000 ! be raised ‘‘ by a loan, and 480, 000 !. by way of lottery. "

Mr. Fax rose next, and entered into a liberal investigation Mr. F « *. first of the ' principle, and then of the terms of the loan, as stated by the noble lord in the blue ribbon; he considered both tire one and the other as exceedingly represensible and - disadvantageous. It was an easy thing, as well as a very common thing, for a minister, when he was stating the bargains which he had made for the public to that House, to tell, them of several worse bargains which might have been made. This was rather a fallacious way of defending acause, since the true mode of enquiring whether or not the bargain was a good one, yras to examine whether it was not possible to make a better. The noble lord had chosen this year to get the loan, by adding a large sum to the capital of our debt; and he had, for the first time, defended this mode of borrowing money as superior to that of annuities. This was the first time that the noble lord had been of this way of thinking; for last year he had borrowed the money by the plan of annuities, and had never once observed, upon tha > > occasion, hat he was borrowing at a dearer rate than it was in his power to procure the money otherwise. 1 he honourable, gentleman was of opinion, that no system of finance ‘.. could

PARLIAMENTARY A. I} *, '

couW be so eligible or so proper for this corifitry, as Ifcatof borrowing upon annuities. The terms Were not io much dearer in the firR inRance, as to ccwintefbalance thef advantages that would result in the end. The terms of the profit loan, as Rated by the noble lorel, were much more unsafe A - able and extravagant, and infinitely ittOrt ineligible and irt§ > politic than the terms which he would have been able to procure by means of annuities - The noble lord had Rated, - the sum of our debt was not the - nomhud amdutvt of our de&ty but the actual sum Which we had to pay annually for irifCfeRy and the sum which we muR pay to boy up the defef attko market price; and arguing upon this ground, ho had statridy that the sum to - be added to our capital by the prefect loanj wa9 nine million pounds and that we have rieaily saved thfitfc sum in intereR by the plan which we have adopted. Th$ great ©bje&ion which he had Rated to annuities was, tha ? they were not redeemable, and consequenfely Parliament dould not take advantage of national prosperity to buy them up * £ the market price. This objection lay equally agai n ft fife ? funds in which the noble lord had taken the loa#. Did h& imagine he could buy in the 3 per cents and the per Crintii. without consulting the defixes of the Rockholders ? Did he imagine that he could go to market, arid buy in the debt aV the current price ? Undoubtedly not - The ftookhtflder would,. upon that occasion, as he does upon this; hd Wotflcf ebufe to be on the sure fide, and would nor fell fciS ftotk but ' at his own price. The noble lord could not buy if iri : at the low price which it held in the market; so that the arftriri tags of paying off the debt in that manner, though undoubtedly it was an advantage, was very far from being fbgrtbf, oven in speculation, as that which the noble lord had givCfi out. The honourable gentleman, in a chain of arithmetic 1 reasoning, shewed what we might expert to be the price ' aff which it would be in our power to buy in the debt, atod by this means deduced ' the fair conclusions that if Was much rrtOre for the interest of the country to borrow rtforifcy by ahiVUftifcfc than by adding to the capital of our debt; and if We mufl ! borrow on the latter plan, it waa a ' much more beneficial ' bnrgam to borrow money at ip per cent, thatt aV 3, arid3 rit per cent, than at 4. It was more - in our faVOUr in the rCftdr, because it. was probable that it might be bOugftfitt ' af a chfetfp er rate - If we look at the Rate of the Rinds We should af \r was perceive that the 3 per cents Rood higher in proportion tbmtbfc 4, becaafc from the prefoablri profit being grdktkP, '

' A 17 DEBATES. - - 191

jh ? y pre more 40 otgoft of estimation and pursuit. The 3 per cents now stood at 59 .; by the fame rule of proportion the spur per cents ftould stand at 79, whereas they were or 73/ Thi was a very natural predilection in the public and i nthe ftpckholder; for in the prospect of the dent Wu ? g pai < j off, ' and the several funds rising to par, and inters ' continuing during a peace at the fame rate which it did flow of fiye pet cent which by the bye be hoped it would not, then it might he in the power of the holders of the three j$r cents, who had bought m at this time, to make 40 per and of the four per cent, holders to make only 20 per cent, while the five per cenfs could make nothing. This pnipt d opt in a very strong fight the great utility of borr jawing money on a fnnd of five percent, in preference to mother since it would ultimately be in the power of the pycdic to buy in the debt at a cheaper rate. He therefore yiry much dtfapproved of the principle of the present loan.

The noble Iprd had fprfakep that ground on which he had gape year, and which, though it had been exceedingly advantageous to the lender, Had been also more foto the bor - rower than the loan of the year which preceded it. He Was giyen to understand that the subscribers to that loan had gained no less than fi per cent, and while they were well fa - fished, the public had left reason to be dissatisfied than they had the year before. He was given to understand, that there was actually no less than thirty - eight millions brought to npurket this year, and offered to the minister. This was the nuncur, Was it not, then, unaccountable that the minister Wsuld not; procure less than one third of that sum, without riving fof; h enormous interest for it ? —Would it not have peep in his power to have procured the money by a fund at jper cent, and a fhoft annuity ? This was the plan which he would hove wished to have porfued in borrowing the money, in onjer to have made the terms advantageous to the public.

The honourable gentleman went through the particulars of the schew, which he wiftied to have seen adopted, and di£ rifcyed a most extensive knowledge of finance. By this scheme 9$ stated, that a considerable saving would have been made to t e public, even admitting all that the noble lord had clashed, that the sum secured by interest, had been annually hud OW MX the manner proposed, and ultimately applied to the diminution of our debt. Even upon this ground he affected, that in 28 years we should he gainers between and j qfifiiqns, and W ld run rv > danger of the sum’s being mif - - managed

, iy

PAR LI AMENT ARY

A. I78r *

managed in its growing date, or of meeting with hard creditors, when we wished to pay our debts *

The honourable gentlenian adverted particularly to what the noble lord had said respecting the Unking fund. He very readily agreed with the noble lord, that great and important advantages were to be derived from the ( inking fund, towards the diminution of the national debt. He agreed with him also, and said, though a very worthy and intelligent friend of his was of a contrary opinion, that we ought not in times of war to think of applying the ( inking fund to the discharge of debts, and be obliged at the same time to borrow money for the service of the year. He considered this as a disad - vantage to the public, f\nce they had the douceur on the loan to pay without gaining any thing by the matter. So far he. went with the noble lord on the ( inking fund, but no farther He wished to have heard the noble lord speak more fully on this subject. He had hinted, in a parenthesis, that the

190, 0001. which was to fall into the ( inking fund this yeag was to supply the place of taxes. If so, he mud tell the no - ' ble lord that he would sacrifice his integrity to popularity, and abuse the great public trud and confidence of his dtua tion, merely to fereen himself from the obnoxious duty of laying taxes. It was certainly an obnoxious and a painful task, but it was a talk to which ministers mud submit; The ( inking fund was the great dernier relort of the kingdom, the lad parapet of the constitution, and ought to be held jn ob - dinate sanctity. If the noble lord set an example to his successors to apply to the ( inking fund for permanent revenue, it would be the death - droke of the kingdom. No mini&er would be able to connect enough of vigour with integrity to break through a cudom of this nature once edabiished, or to snatch the country from the ruin that mud follow. The honourable gentleman took notice of the noble lord’s after - - tion, that he meant to pay off two millions of the navy debt 5 - he sincerely hoped that the navy debt would be discharged.. The unfunded debt of this country bore by much the mod. extravagant intered of any, since the depreciation of the bills was itself a debt, and a duty upon the public. It was for this reason that he thought the true effects and burthens of the war would not be felt by the people, till the commencement of peace, when the unfunded debt came to be saddled upon them by taxes.

Independent of the drong objections he felt to the loan, as. a question of finance, and a matter of ceconomy, he felt it 1 to

A. i7 ti D £ B A T Er 5.

to be ffiii snore important when consideredin a political Vie ' to The profit on the loan now proposed, in every way he had been able to take it, and subject to every probable contingency, was nine hundred thousand pounds; and this large lum was in the bands of the minister, to be granted in douceurs to the members of that House as compensations for the

expencesofan election, or for any other purpose of corrupt influence which might suit his views. An honourable friend of his had brought in a bill to lessen the influence of the crowns by controuling the expenditure of the civil list. The design was wife and proper, but like every other design of that description, it had failed by means of that very influence which it was calculated to prevent. But the oDje&ion on which he now wished to call the attention of the House, was of much greater magnitude; it was not the excesses in the expenditure of the civil list, which amounted in the whole to nine hundred thousand pounds, including the sup - Oort of his Majesty, and many great and important ' national services; but it wa9 an entire Aim of nine hundred thousand pounds and upwards, to be given away in the douceurs of a loan, not merely from the effect of an idle and wanton ex - tttvagance, but from much worse; causes; it Was given as a means of ‘procuring and continuing a majority in the House of Commons upon every question; and to give streiigth and support to a bad administration. The noble lord had attempt ed to flatted the House that, upon a number of ihppofbd contingencies, many events highly favourable, and a train of oeconomy fb extremely rigid, ' pure, and incorrupt, that in Hating it his lordship did not appear to flatter himself it could ever be pra&iled; but if prattled, and if every thing was to happen just as we could hope and wish, why then, at the end of fourteen or fifteen years, thirty millions would be ? paid off; that is, we should then be twenty millions more jn debt than when we began ? the fatal American war; and that date we are now tb look for with an anxiety almost beyond tW reach ofhope, whkh Would have been considered as ruinous at the time the noble lord began his anministration The terms of the loan, such as they were, the noble lord had informed the House, would have been much worsts, had it not been for feme good news, and good news indeed Jl appeared to be, if it really afforded any profp ft of a peace. It wasfingular, however, that if the bargain for a loan wfls to be influenced by such a prospect, that it was not more infki - cnced by it; and that terms so extremely disadvantareous Vot. IL C c mould

. by

94

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

should be offered to the House, when the profpcft of peace was avowed. Upon that profoeffc he wished to speak out; he wished to declare, that he felt himself ready to support almost any terms that could be offered; whilst the affairs of the nation were in the prdent hands, he thought no peace could be a bad one; that is, a general peace; for any partial or patched up peace which would leave us involved in all the oeceffities of a war establishment, he thought would rather be injurious than useful, and might only tend to draw u 00 further in a ruinous fyftetn, and plunge us farther into difficulties and disgrace.

He now took a general review of his objections to the terms of the loan, urging as the result of the whole, that the lottery was an uanecessary part of the and Ought

to be omitted from every principle of policy, and of regard for the morals of the people. It had been said, by & learned gentleman, speaking on the fobbed of riots a few evenings dgo, that if any thing could excuse an illegal and Violent mode of redressing grievances, it would be the pulling dowri garni ng - houses The most dangerous and destructive specie of gaming, which respe&ed the public at large, was certainly that of lotteries; and if the Hopfe should fee with him, that the lottery was unnecessary in the loan of the pro lent year, they would render die highcfl serviceto the public, by preventing all its bad consequences.

He therefore moved, that the ) atter part of the ntotion, fespecting the lottery, be omitted.

Mr. Myrt, Ml *. Eyre thought the opposition made to the terms of the loan extremely unretsonable and ill founded The huitaa - nity of - the noble lord deferred the attention of the House, in prefering an addition to the nominal debt, to an addition to the rate of interest. Every man was well aware of, and many fuSered very feverdy from, the thfficuhy of taifitg motley, many large Turns continued on mortgage, which had boon borrowed at four per cent. If the rate - of inteveft in borrowing money to supply the necessities 6f tbtpublit; was raised in the manner propped by those who had oh ) od d to the terms of the present loan, it would be the immedultfc ruin of many families, and destroy fbme « f4he first estaten in th# kingdom, as mortgages would be called in aa fbon aa notices could be given, and the money eagerly brought to the public funds. The great evils that would - be brought upon trade, by afudden and obvious rife on the intend ! of

I ' ' money.

A. ' rfiU.

. DEBATES.

9$

money, were also - gneatly obviated by the inerrfafe of th capUahof the debt, rather than of the rate of intered.

Mr. poke to the following purport : Sir, the noble Mr. H4y *

k d, jn dating the deficiencies of taxes paid out of the fink ? iag fund of the lad year, has not been explicit. He dated thenwta he 639, 000 !. including go, OOOOl. for 1758, whereas fyi carrying the whole produce of the taxes of the year 1777 ta the finkiag fund, what they were deficient, which was about loo opob does net appear dated in that account as a deficiency; adding that to the others, and leaving out the deficiency of r75o, will make the total deficiency of the Uxes haposed this war paid out of the sinking fund of the Ufifesyv 7oS, ooooL part of which 222, 000 !. was increased by the i ate red on the lad loan, commencing from January, and the taxes not till July following. But will it not be nearly the fen ? this year, as the noble lord is now pursuing the feme line ?, I desire the committee to consider, that with the tamto be voffd this day, the funded debt of this war, taking, theanaukks, long and ihort, at a price under what they are likely so la redeemed for, will amount to nearly sixty five nullioa ^. for the first forty - four of which the annuity tojacpftidjt 1, 789, 500 !. : -

Tkxinpble lord has dated the produce of the sinking fund fium the year 1760 to 1780, divided into periods of five years each *

, i I only that lad period.

The noble lord said the average yearly produce of that periodjhpuhbeeti 2, 868, 0001. from which he derived satisfac « tj Jbrtbat it had been increasing from yeai to year up to tj ) 4adr when - its produce was about three millions. That the noble lord has thus dated it, I will not pretend jfcfay, bot thp. fg& is otherwise; and the satisfaction not m Uited.. The produce of the sinking fund from the iotH the -, iothof OA. 1776, was 3, 243, 0001. intermediate years, and has risen again in the lad

yexr oW oolf *;. # -

this variation I cannot yet make" out; it i for a private man to come at them. The noble jU ^; has prosnifed that he will bring. forward taxes for th6 faytpgntof the inhered of the prefect loan, which shall be and wiU amend hi - former taxes. The noble lord inuft do rit isbccotne neadlary

s. The produce of the {hiking fund is what every one looks to a ? the public estate To the pUrchaier of the three per

C c 2 cent.

y

PARLIAMENTARY A ty8i.

cent annuities, it is the only foundation for his cxpe&stkm of being paid at par. The noble lord has laid, referring to a - recormnrndation of mine, that he had well considered the idea of reducing the national debt. by an invariable application of a part of the sinking fund to that purpose. Thai he approved it in the time of peace, a million or a million and a half per annum; but that he could never think of adopting ? the meafpre in time of war, when he must borrow with one hand, at high interest, to pay with the ether, in which my honourable friend behind me agreed with him Sir, jnt opinion 1 dill adhere to, I think; the pretext the point• of time when that, measure ought in good policy Co be adopted, and no longer deferred, even though the public ior a year or two should borrow at fix percent to pay off a. debt « t fivo and a half per cent Sir, all I have heard amh read upodt the subject to ray mind has not sufficiently cleared, the apparent difficulty. I will endeavour to explain it : Every dne knows th t there is no power p£ creating money, and that do much as you. pay mud somewhere be collected. If the noble lord was this year to borrow a million to pay off an old debt, for the interest of the ip iJlion so borrowed he most lay on n « Jw taxes. A sum equal to the amount of the new taxes, from Vear to year, would by the public, in purchasing old debts be put out at compound interest. The gain tm the public would be that of compound interest, and if you can believe that every individual from whom the taxes are coHc&ld, each would have puf put hisihareat compound interest, ' the aggregate amount would be the sum acquired by the puWic.

The increase of money at compound interest has been said / to bp infinite; it is mighty beyond belief, except to those who calculate, A million per annum from the sinking fond applied invariably with the redeemed annuities in the reduction of debts bearing an interest of 5 per cent, in thirty seven years would pay off 100 millions, and if in the pwe - chafe of 3 per cents, at 60, 166 millions. It. will be aikod, have you riches to bear to pay your taxes ) If we have, not, this scheme falls to the ground ., It has been repeatedly laid from this fide of the House, this country has yet refousoes I believe it. If the people of England will have war, the people of England rauft pay for it; and it can be done only i n two way s, by savings or taxes. If the noble lord will not admit of savings, he must lay the more taxes. Sir, the force of your country must be employed. in the increaie of your navy; evpry othcf exertion is loft It is your - navy must

l ' ccure

AAftU - DILATES.

securCVo you the trade of the world, without which, when peace comes, your burdens cannot be supported. This country moil be able by its exports to pay for all its imports, and the interest of that part of it I debt due to foreigners, or wt ink to nothing.

> Si ?, theffc are the means by which alone our credit can be preferred, what it has hitherto been, and I hope ever wiH be, ‘inviolate5 and that measure for ever prevented, Which I have heafrd fbme gentlemen, who have ndf considered all its ‘ eonfeqoencet, fpctk of with indifference.

Now, Sit, to the bufinest of the loan. The noble lord has fetd that it has always been his opinion, in borrowing, that those terms Were befi which required the fmaHeft annuity or k « rft mterest, but yet that he wrshed, without paying too dear for it to have borrowed on a 5 per cent. He said much the feme la# year.

"Sir, if ybu are not to look to redemption I agree with the noble ford,. that the measure of interest is the bed rule. That being - his opinion, and having a right principle, why was ndt Hie nbble lord governed by it in histtaig in of 1779, when he b6#ro#ed seven millions, and mudh wanted eight ? iotithSh - the Tame money lenders wete afraid that another flribitm, and in 3 per cents, would have bverloaded the narket of yper cents. The second yeas after they boldly prefer fending to the fame market eighteen millions. 1 fby, if jbstead of those wasteful terms, the 3 3 - 4 1 per cent. - snort annuity, the noble lord had acted on his present principle, he nftgferh&ve borrowed eight millions by felling 3 per cents, at 60 or ' even 59, and then instead of the public’s paying an ftnaity of 472, 500b for seven millions, Which it now does, it would have paid little more than 400, 000 !. for eight millions, and the annuity saved 72, 5001. or 65, 727b he would have found by every calculation, at 5 or 6 per cent, to be worth more than the reversion of 262, 500 !. per annum to Win aftdr twenty - nine years; so that by that ill - advised bargain, the noble lord wasted for the public one million, as certainly as if it bad been thrown into the Thames. As ts the pretent terms my honourable friend has - gone before ffie in various calculations, in some of which I diiagree with him; the noble lord saying he ‘would have borrowed on a 5 percent, but could not have it except on extravagant terms, ss language I do net like to hear from the ' nfiqjiVer of this country; be ought to ' be mailer of the bargain, afrtl might hefo, offering to the nxjney - lenders a fair probable profit of

5"

PARLIAME N « IT ARY A. iy « xi

5 or 6 per cent. Had this been triedwhen the loans wens small, he would have found fiimfelf now in that fuuatiooi y 5 ox 6 per cent, was thought a sufficient K < # « r; but. naoney - lenders, like the# rest or mankind, by encouragement, rife in their demands.. v.. 5

. Had the noble lord looked. to redemption opinion, the loan should hav ( e been mad in per, cents; opt with an addition of short or long annuities, bqt with an addition of capital of 20 per cent. and then the capital would have been 14, 400, 000 !. at 5 per cent instead of eighteen millions act

3 per cent, and - three millions, at pet cent. \X will fi of fc it probable in fifteen years that money may bn borrowed at

4 per cent, in which 1 am jvdttfied by xhe noble iord and th;

money - lenders, because he fays, they would aojL take > t un - t less it. was irredeemable for jfiftee# $441$. ;, they tfrGfofQrt ap prebend, that in lc ( s time money may be borrpwsd per cent, but I willfeppose it fifteen, ryfi r *, and, it money, me/ be borrowed tjhen at per cent. dj. yyUh afiTuujnej tkft mHfiv years after it will be to be had at 3, per cecjjt. See the wMt one per cent qp the capiuly. or 144, 000 ! ajH n so fifteen years, and the fame for t eitly yeu$, {ogetfeejr ftf worth, and their value will be found at 6 per ccuf. QOU

for which the public would have had Wi in capital to poy < by > three millions. sK 4 F cent.. and 3, 6oQ oppl

tp redeem Which at the end of twenty years, the ! public, most first pay 228, 000 !. per annum for twenty years, the prefen $ value of which, at 6 per. cepV. is indeed, lef$ ths the « vaU of the annuity paid to reduce the 5 per cents, by 4 > 3g % ooooh but for that prefect faviogj the public inuft pa; v. n ote twenty years henqe, supposing the p r cents therv to be paid; eff,. as 88, and the per cents, < \t 93 nearly fix aaihipns, > og 5, 928, 000b,. - ■, : ). 1

The nobte lord wished for 3, 5 per cent. I believe him, and I hnow. from - whence the chief oppositiqu came from < 4 set of gentlemen for whom I. have every respeff; they serve it from the public; but this hufi#$fs 1 differ from them totally t - *

I will now. Sir, consider the ’, bargain made wUh - the fuWr {bribers; the noble Lord leaves out the difijount; i isftpart of the profit; when the noble Lord made the bai$ain; the 3 per cent were > at62, and 4 per cents, at. 74, wfitch with the discount and lottery tickets, giyes profit of 14k JQ percent. Take them at 55 and 70, which is. a i - haifbe ?. low what they have ever been at, and the profit will be 3

P

pDr « eflf7 ' The medium fetitns to me to bethcTair line, " which will gi mc then tfprofk of 8 !. 15 *. percent, from which take off the lottery tickets reckoned by the Aoble lord at il. and the profit left : will boyb tgs. per cent, fully fuffirient *

If the ooble lord contents to this, I wilt be free to say, that 1 &atf i ri ' < muohl&r em the barigafa, as giving us the opportunity, I hope for ever, toget - rid of lotteries, which make every mail toad to be rich at Once, that banc to indoftry:

aadgoed government. I know the money itwrft be had, and tweul&BOf ptopose this, ( upon which d ata determined to tatethe fartft of the committee ) if I Wctfe fxft confident that act a foWbtiber would fact off. I have talked with members tit tbit Hooft, whd > we cw b the noble lord 0 make the bargain, one - cf whom I i oW fee, who fttrriy cohfeffed that bethought the term tftfptewkho t the lottery ! Let me comfoseemreat the noble lord, I am fare it it their wish, to feaVothe Hoofeto viefeff, ' amongst whom it is laid, fix tniUiotis ato to be diMkhttid, thfet we may have an opportu - akyj by agreeingat > the ' atfiefedtoent, of giving to the public a proof of our fotboariinae and disinterfcftectaefs. The con - fiticmworf to the public; 8r the lotteiy it oonrtemptibly small, tbfaiptiWd whh ther ! > evil. I will urge One; hi ) tive morej Public Cwditpnpbn which in this almost every

Mlg The forgery Of bank bilk ] rid their circu -

lttStin, > by meant of the lottery offices, Wls ’ greatly aided. hit ftOtfriaU cOttfideeation : The panic extebded ib far that fWehuCdffteers in the country foolishly fefufed to take bank hilts stitsh indorsed. I I peak to those Who‘l bttderstand me; kwM, - when peace comes, require more spede to circulate, toomittiohfr, than it did to circulate I 40 millions. Paper credit 5 become effecttelly nCceffaryi ' k rtiuft be protested by every possible goafld;. -

8 defended the ' terms of the4 loan, Whifch, ' in Sir CWj

•urfittiation, were the heft that oOuld bo made. Gentlemen Cw/

mast onffcler, that ? in borrowing money its such ti mes as the present; 1 there vms nothing fest but a Orce Wf difficulties J it waseafy to poinroUt better tcrifls, bOfObt fitch &/the mo -

tiftyUtitdtHWdhU&ctoftwith *; i ^. c :.

M frulUntj lOught the tet ms ldari extremely Mr#

hid, 1 aid the douccoreirtravagantiyhfgh ' it really amount - # 9.

cd toupaitls of cf pet ceftt; it mtfft have a very bad 1 effect ©a ' thti ' price of tke fbftds, artd enco&rifge Ver exttavbgant tfpeft iotts on f tui < e loans *

? M i. Ofl i. \J, : Ih - J ' ‘ ii i r t Lotd

00 PARLIAMENTARY, A. 1781 *

Lord Ms - Lord Mahon supported the oppositioa to a lottery in hi ton. present form; be thought lotteries extremely bad; but if we were tp have them, ministers ought to endeavour4 to fecore

freater advantages, which were now divided amongst the eepers of lottery - offices. He hinted at the outlines of a p an by which the profits to the public on lotteries might be in - crealed to a considerable sum.

Mr. Byni. Mr. Byug prefied the minister to omit the lottery ', as a part of the douceur ;, their conferences were terrible, and ( heir advantages comparatively trifling. He had converted with many gentlemen, of great monied interest and connections; and he thought himself entitled to say, that in the course of two or three days the whole of the money wanted would be undertaken at the terms proposed, without the lottery. If such a proposal was not accepted, it would confirm all that had been fojud, from a suspicion that the douceurs were not intended for the lenders of money, but for members of that House, who lent only their, names, and were to fell their subscriptions for a premium, sufficient at least to dif - j charge the recent expences of their elections.

Urd North. Lord North said, that the settling the termsof the loan was undoubtedly the principal business of the day; it was his duty to fiate the lowest proposals which he had been able to obtain, and the House were to judge whether they would accede to those terms. Every gentleman would and, ought to make any objection, which he thought lay against the pro ? pofals; but unless those objections were very material, he left gentlemen to consider what would be the ill confluence ! of refusing to accede to the propositions agreed on. The attention paid by monied men to the treasury would be leflenr fd; and if it were usual for the House to settle and alter the terms, they must make the bargain This argument certainly could not go to any thing materially or palpably wrong. In that pase the House ought to interfere; but with respect to the lottery, it was a favourite part of every doer ' ceur with money - lenders; it was an advantage to them; with ? but being any expence to government; on the, contrary,

480, 0001. was paid in, and remained for the greater, part of a year, without interest.. With respect to the opinion which had been thrown out, that the loan was a source of influence; and that half of the loan was taken in the House of Commons, they were ideas extremely strained. The loan was a public loan, very indiscriminately taken; and, as a matter of conjc&urc ( for it could be no more on either fide ) without

much

V

DEBATES.

nod; examination, he should foppose that a very small pare indeed of the supposed sum was takes; by members of that nouie. They were all of them, he had no doubt, properly qualified to fill their feats; but if they were to take such a proportion of the annual loan as had been supposed, whatever might do the Hate of the nation, he was afraid we should have a bankrupt House of Commons. The interest which any minister could be supposed to procure by such a loan afe the present, was a very poor compensation for the great fatigue and anxiety of mind occassioned by such a burthen; and no business could, he imagined, be more disagreeable than settling the terms in meetings with men, many of whom he valued and esteemed, and was happy to fee on any other occasion than that of making a bargain. J

Mr thought the idea of borrowing the large funi m,

warned of any other than the subscribers to the present loan, too vague and dangerous to be listened to The terms with them hie still thought might be much better than the present 1 He knew the principal objection to the loan, at 5 per cent *, carrie from the bank; and as it was the opinion of, a set of gentlemen, to ' whom the nation owed great and ( olid obligations, he felt himself inclined to acquiesce; but the lottery he. was convinced, he might say he knew, might be ( pared, and he iotreated the noble lord in yery earned and persuasive language, that the lottery might Be spared.

The House now divided on the amendment to leave out the latter part of the motion, respecting the lottery *

Ayer, t 11; Noes, 169.

The original motion then patted without adivision.

And the following reialutions passed without further oppo - fitioa.

That, towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty,. the sum of twelve millions be raised by annuities, and the further, sum of four hundred and eighty thousand pounds by a lottery, in manner following; that is to say, u That every contributor to the said 12, 000, 000 shall, for tool. contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum ofjiool. in annuities, after the rate of ' 31. per cent, rind to an additional principal sum of 50I. in like annuities, after th < p raj# of pLpercent and aise to a further principal sum of 251. in annuities, rafter the rate of 4I. per cent, the said several annuities, after the rate of - 3I. per cent, and 4I. peT cent, re - fp ively, to commence from ihe 5th day of January 1781. a That the sum of x 2, 000, 0001. to be contributed as afore - Vox -. II Dd laid,

aox '

. ifujfy.

PAR L‘I AM ' EN T A it Y A. 1781 ;

jrierit, add£d and made one joint stock with the 3L per cent ? annuities consolidate ' d by the acts 25, 28, 29, 32 £hd 33 Geo ., II. and by several subsequent acts, and charged upon the fihk - ing fund,. and shall be payable and transferable at the bank "of England at the same time, and in thfc fame ptahner, and subject to the like redemption by Parliament, as the said 31, per cent *, consolidated annuities are payable arid tfansferrabli there, and redeemable by Parliament.

c < That the annuity, in respect of the said additional furri or capital of 251. to which every contributor tool, coni tributed as aforesaid shall be entitled, making together in the whole. 3, 000, 0001. to carry an interest, or arihriity, after the rate of 4I. per cent, shall be paid at the bank of England for one quarter of a year, from the 5th day of janriary 1781, to the 5th day of April following, and frotp that time shall be added and made one joint Hock with certdiri ahfiiities, - after the rate of 4I. per cent, which were consolidated1 by an act Of the laftfefiion of Parliament, and ’ ( hall also bg charged upr on the sinking fund, and1 shall be payable arid tfarisferrable at the bank of England at the same time, Srid in the same manner, and fufijeft to the ' like redemption by Parliament, as the said cohiblidated 4I. per cent, anhuities afb ' payable ' and transferable there, and redeemable ty Parliatrient,

" That every contributor, towards"riiling, the said sum of

12, 000, 0601, mall for every ' 16601. contributed, be entitled to four tickets in a lottery to corifift 0 ( 48, 60 ) 6 tickets, hrinbunt - ing to 489, 0001.. upon the payment of the further sum of 101. for each *. the said 480, 000 !. to be cTiftributed into prizes fqr the benefit of the proprietors of the fortunati tickets in thfe said lottery, which mail be paid in money, at the bank of England, to such proprietors upon demand S$ fbon after thfc first day of March 1782, as, certificates can ’ be prepared, without any deduction whatsoever. ’ ' '

u That every contributor shall, on or before the 15th day of this inllant March, make a deposit of i£l, per cent, oh such sum as he or ( lie shall chuse to subscribe, towards raising the said sum of 12, 000, 060 1, with the chief cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, and also a deposit of 151. percent, with the said cashier Or cashiers, in part of the monies to be contributed towards railing the said

4

A t7 (. P 9 jtA. fT E s Si

fodfm : # 8# cjpc > l - by a iq&tery, - ja % security for - making fye fpt irc pay rafcpjts jcfpc iy ly, on i before the days ' # times herein after limited; that is to say,

( Pn, i. ! a, Opo, ooooi to te raised by amittif : - % jo percent, on or before; the 27th of April#;.. jgl. per cept, on or beftyejlie gth of May ;, v.. iol. percent. on or before the 14th of Jtme *. ’

, ' Wfr. ^. « < 5B oa. or before the 2 ' 4Jthof Julyv; - ‘,. 1. lS h « P5f G nt. on or before. 21 ft of Aug *. 1 -

. jjal. ipe : nt. on or bp fore the j&tbof §8pt#.. 3V - n ., 4 1. per ht on or before thd 3d o Oftobfer

101, pex cent, on or before the 13d of Nov.

• Qn. the Tottery for 480, 000 !.

3ql ' p£i; cent, on or before the nth of ‘ - < r - \

2\S ' \per cept. on. or before the ioth ? of July : 1 V. r. r per nt. on or before the i ith of Sept - V ?,. ? &l Per, cent - on or before the < th Of Q&ober. f. r - \ That all the monies, fa to be received by the said chief cashierpr cajjiiers of the governor and company of the bank of Englap - shall be paid into the receipt of the exchoqUtr, to h ? applied; from ime to time to such services as {hail then have been voted by this House in this session of Parliament *

.. "That every contributor who shall pay in the Whole of hig or her contribution money,; towards jthe. sum ' df

12, 000, 000 I. to be contributed as afotfesaid, at any"time he - fore the 22d day of October next, pr on account of his or her ihare in said lojttery, on or befotef the 10th day of Sep - tepaber aaext, shall be allowed an interest by way of difeouof, after the rate of 3I. per cent, per annum On the sum so c6m > pleating his or her contribution respfc&iyely, to be petmputed. from the day of complcating the fame, to the 23d day of Ndr y ember next, in regard to the sum to be paid foe the said an unities, ani to heBth day of October next, in rtipe& of the fymto be paid fist account of" the said lotpery .; and that all fucjnperfpns, as shall make their full payjtoentsdn thmsaidlo tery, shall haye their. tickets delivered} to them as soon. as they can conveniently be, made out ., b /f. S t r !, l# r~f.

" That evey, person who shall keep any officp or place for buying, foUfog -, injuring, registering disposing, or otherwise dealing ip, any tickets on chances, or. .. parts thereof, cir on the number of any tickets in ? any totterywhatfoevef, oor shall by writing or,. printing pukdiidlhrthue. fistting. < apri3ii tiling A ch office or pUcc, shall frfTtake tftafca lidtnoe for, this pui > pose, '; *. ♦, <, V. > i Uitij < cr *

D d 2 v " That

: o P A i L i A ' M t N T ARY A. 1781.

That there shall be raised, levied, and paid unto bit Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of 501. for every such licence,

Ci That the monies to arise by the said duties, shall be applied towards defraying the expences attending the commis fion to be made forth, for managing, directing, and drawing such - hmery.

"That. the Attn of 8 986, 3C01. remaining unsubscribed of the sum of 20, 240, 0001. in 4I. per cent, annuities, made one joint. flock by an act - of the fefcond year of his present Majesty’s reign, which flood reduced - tothree pounds per, cent. per. annum, from the 5th of January 1781, /be, with the consent of the several proprietors, fromr the 5th day of April i7$V added to, and made ofce joint stock with, certain three pounds per cent annuities, consolidated by the acts of the 2jth and 2&th years of his late Majesty, and an act of the jsk year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that the

charges and expences, payable in resppft of the fame, shall continue to be paid and payable out of the sinking fund, until redemption by Parliament, in the same manner, and at j the same time, as the last - mentioned annuities are paid and payable; and that fu ' ch persons, who shall not, on or before the 20th of March. 1781, signify their dilfent in books to be opened at the bank for that purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto. "

March 8.

Mr. Gri. When Mr. Qrd had brought up the report of the committee of ways and means of the preceding day, and the fame had been read a first time, td North. Lord North moved, that the fame should be read a second time.

sir r bitip Sir Philip Jennings Clerke opposed the motion, and com - JtHningt plained of the excessive high terms, which had been granted c rkt. fobfcrikers, declaring that the bargain was so mucha - gainst the public, that it was the common subject of Conversation and surprise, without doors. Sir Philip asserted, that the omnium was that day done - so high as from nine to eleven and a half per cent, in the alley. This iie. observed was a futiicient proof, that the advantage to the subscribers was infinitely larger than it ought to have been, for which reason he should move that the report be recommitted, in order that, the House niight amend the terms, and check so extravagant a prostitution of the public money. He complained alto of the great partiality of the loan, and said, it was not fairly

distributed

A. iffrt. DEBATES ! 1 a, c5

ififbihuted among the honest attd wealthy, but given to the minister’s private friends, by way of douceur for past services.

In particular, he told the House, that he was well informed Mr. Atkinson the contraftor, and partner with Mr. Mure, had no less than three millions three hundred thousand pounds to his own ihare. This was scandalous, and ought to be taken notice of, but it was a little remarkable that it should sali ' to his share to mention it on the very day, when theconr tra&ors bill was to be read a second time. No circuolftance could possibly tend to convince the House of the propriety of that bill than this; since it served to shew the degree of opulence in which those gentlemen ( food by their contrails.

Lord North replied, that the honourable gentleman trraft Lord N « rtb. certainly have been misinformed : he had not indeed looked into the lift, which Mr. Atkinson had given in; but he was very well convinced he could not have subscribed for any sum like three millions three hundred thousand pounds, and if he had, he [ Lord North ] would willingly ( ubmit to any cen - sure that might be passed upon him : every one knew that it was customary for gentlemen who wiftied to subscribe, to a ( k for more than they expected, or even wished for; beca ' use they knew that the m. inifter feldoro suffered them to subscribe for as much as theyalked; they, therefore made allowances •for the lopping off : on this principle, Mr. Atkinson might perhaps have offered a very large sum; but it was not to be fupjfofed tjiat it was all for himself, or that he had been taken at his offer : if Mr. Atkinson was present at the agreement, he should have his share like his neighbours; but though the honourable gentleman might do that for himself and friends, yet he shouhl have no fucfoftlm as three millions three hundred thousand pounds.

As to the terms of the loan, they might be too great; but it was not peffible to pronounce on that head, from any transaction that had taken place this day on Change. Every bar - - pin made this day respecting the new loan tvas illegal, because thdfe who made bargains were not sure that they had any share whatever in the new loan; nor could this be known, fill the House should have confirmed the resolutions of the, committee of ways and means : then, and not before, ‘would the lift Of the subscribers be made out and sent to the bank.

It was very well known how easy it was to make bargains in the alley; and tow customary it was to make them, not at a market price, but at some extravagant premium, for fomc sinister purposes : these bargains might be n de for small fume

o $ PAfcLJA ENJAJtX 4 78,.

1 ' 1

in the flocks, and thjQp it. wQ ld c pybl hcd that bp# fpch and such aptomumt but it wp not from fuchtr pfe : tionsthat the, value qft flocks could pe ascertained : npr coijjd any traoija&ion in the, alley on l; bU day, or till the lift$Jq subscribers fhoi ld be. piade put, and the whole of the IpfU he brought into mat et be taken as a standard by wjvcji the flock was xo be. yalyedl

Sir Geori SitGeyrgeSayilf proved, ip a variety of argument ? tba |; a SsviU, bargain, made lyhh the minister could pojt bp conclusive. oa th

public till it received the fandlipn of Parliament ., Jly tl# present practice, ., the noble lord made a mere instruthent pjF that House. It was a crockery of Parliaumept, to calhupop V ., ifyem t o certify without deliberation; and tell them that they could not rejea with safe. ty, though they tpight approve with ? - out conviction. The noble lord. held language, which apr peered to him clearly hnconstitutional, when ne said to the House I havefpiafJe a bargain, ypp may rejefjt it, but that will be dapgeroys; for there is an emergency in tfip bufipptf of the loan, in consideration of which it will be prudent tp accept these terms, however disadvantageous. How could his kordship undertake to the subscribers for any terms, tiU they were ratified in that. House, and who was the cause of.. the emergency he fpokp of but himself ? Was it decept jn thp pobfe lord to confidt Parliament, wh n to ° late for jthe ppir dent exercise of its opinion ? Surely no.

> % Tfie noble lord indeed talked of his bargains being ratified by Parliamentbut afte ( r his bargains weip made, there was jiQt time for Parliament to interfere for corfeftipg them. This case vtes like that of a man very hungry, ordering a dinner at an inn, and at the same time a bill of fare. While the dinner is dressing, up comes the bill of fare, which is extcfc - yagani, but which. the famished guefl chuses to put up with, - rather than wait till a cheaper dinner is provided.

He found faust also, \yith the noble lord for dividing his budget; and witfi - holding lor another pppprtunity, that paijt jthat relates to the taxes. If another man was to borrow, the first thing he would dp, would be to shew the cflate which 5vas to be the security. for the payment; but the noble lord fir# looked for the moaey, and then began to look abopt for tbf dilate. At the time, of borrowing, it is true, he always said, that he had a sufficient estatexo answer for the debt, but fpnap jway or other it always happened, that the noble lord nevcf pnee jinrthat respect told truth; for all his estates ( taxes ) had proved deficient. _ T£is year lie proqaised efficient taxes; but

X

fte ought to takp care that the old ones fhcfukl not be injured by the ' new; and that/whllft he rasjwakipg efficient:

% c$, the ’ old Ones should not ceafedoj lo :, He spoke. yery ftrottgly dgaitaft the lottery, and warmly. /represended tfye > whole trhnfo&ion as shameful and profligate. It gave rife to fofpkriotis tending tothrdifgrace of that House. It. gaff their. constituents just reifon to apprehend, •that they h d ap intcreftin tire profusion of the taiaifler; and that bargaw made contrary to ' the interest of the people, were for the act ah ge of the reprelhntatives, ,. : r

Sir Grty Cooper observ d *, that if gfcptleO&etn argued that thje sir Grey terms of the loan wfeec too advantageous to the fobfcribesa. hecatifd they bore premium this morning of eleven; and a 4 half per cent, their argument would lode - fonw of its, weight,

•when ir should be considered that the premium had fallen tp amt and a half and eten seven and a half in the course of the •day. But in fa& no conclusion ought to be formed. from ihe trania&ibns of this day—a couple of flock brokers might agree, the one to fell, the other to buy, so small a sum as fifty pounds ' flock in the new loan, at an extravagant premium; l5tft th$n, this must necessarily be : for purposes that must strike every ‘man Who is any wife conversant in the tricks and practice of Ghange - Alley. - But in fas& ? the rife this day was uporf lottery tickets more than upon the whole lpan;. for they sold at thirteen pounds fifteen shillingv; The flocks irr general, however, Were not effected by this jife~ - a convincing proof that the rife w&s not upon the loan at large; for eaffc, the other funds would have beetr coofldatably ' affc tf ^, if the new loan had been done at a premium of elpv$$ jigdj *

' half per cent. Nothing he had heard that day struck hiip as. :. #.. Of fuflkient force to render it necfeflhry that the terms of the lOan should be altered, and the whole let On float again had the preceding day gone as fully as }ie was ab\e ipto T&e general subject and the principle of the loan, as welias the terms of it, and objections had been dated very fairly thjc other ' fide, which‘had. been, he thought, as fairly answerecj.

‘Gentlemen should ' consider the difficulty of borrowing rpo, - tiey upon any terms almost, and they should cjopfider bow large a sum it Was, and the great riik of loss which the, lub - Ifctfbfers ran, and then he did not imagine they would think the tfcfrfcs so very advantageous. .,. -. -

Mr. Eyng was fired with indignation at a bargain in which Mr. there was so much prodigality, and - lb little regard for the inter# ! tif the public. The premium upo&ithef k an was excefr

f li ve,

ac *, PARLIAMENT ARY A. ijU.

' live, and the public was sacrificed to the partiality of the itdble lord. The profits on the loan were so great that it would be nothing but wantonncfs, and sporting with the money of th tnation to give the subscribers the benefit ari - ling from the lottery; and he renewed the proposition that he made last night; and he said he had authority for doing it, to find in the space of twenty - four hours, persons, who WOuld subscribe for the whole loanr; and remain ' perfectly satisfied with the premium it bore, without asking for a lottery. He repeated the observation of Mr. Fox, in a former debate, that though the King had but 900, 000 !. a year, % for all the purposes of the civil establishment, yet the rainifter, by means of the loan, had 6oo, ooool. in douceurs to distribute to members of Parliament. He believed from his foul that this sum was distributed among the members that House, who uniformly supported him in all his raea - sures—and there Were speculations in this business of a oa - i ture too flagrant to pass unnoticed. He had often, he said, heard of the omnipotence of Parliament; but he was afraid that this omnipotence would be found to be no more than a name, when the people should discover that their property was squandered by those whom they had conlUtuted their fie wards : the omnipotence of Parliament would ( bake to its center, if the people should refuse to pay those taxes, which prodigality had created.

He represended Sir Grey Cooper as ( peaking other fen -. timents than those he really entertained, merely for the lake of a momentary compliance with the wishes of a first lord of the treafory.

Mr. Muth Mr. Burke said he was sensible that the power and credit "of government depended chiefly on the votes of supply, and he had uniformly been cautious how he resolved to give his afient to any of the resolutions of the committees of ways and means. But on the present occasion he must refuse it. He meant not to give a negative to the whole of the resolutions, but only to that respecting the douceur of a lottery ticket, which was a robbery of the public; ruinous to the people, and &y no means necessary to the present loan, which could be obtained without it. His honourable friend over the way had accused another honourable friend who had oppo - fed the loan yesterday of proceeding upon premises which he had not proved. Surely when it was shewn by that gentleman that the terms were exorbitant, he had proved every thing necessary, and ijt was not his business afterwards tfx ascertain

A i7&i « D E B, A t E 5/

certain that better terms might have been procured, but that of the minister to shew the contrary. He was afraid that nothiag would tend more to injure public credit, than to shew to the world, that it is not parliament but the minister that regulates the finances of this country. It was the idea that Parliament having the state of the national finances laid before them, so that every man might fee the state of the public debts, that supported so greatly the credit of the nation; and he was sorry to find, that while the enemy was beginning to adopt our mode, the ministers of Great - Britain were convincing the world, that Parliament had nothing to do with our taxes and loans, but to give their fanClion, however contrary to their judgment, to the bargains of the mi - mfter, however extravagantly injurious to the public. The credit of Parliament would fink, and consequently so must that of the nation. From all that had been said by the different gentlemen who had argued the matter yesterday as Well as from what he, had heard then, he was convinced, not oaly that the ferms were bad, but that the noble lord in the blue ribbon might easily have got better. It w s a little remarkable, that the objections stated by his honourable friend, who spoke in reply to the noble lord the preceding day [ Mr. Fox ] were uncommonly strong, and put with the usual ability of his honourable friend; but not one of them - had been answered; he took it for granted, therefore, that no answer could be given. It remained then for that House to interpose and prevent the ratification of a bargain, which was so obviously disadvantageous, that those who made it were themselves ashamed of it, and did not even pretend to argue ia its favour. With regard to the lottery, it was evidently so much money thrown away, because it had begi undeniably proved that the premium was sufficiently large, without the profit on the tickets. That Lord North had made a bad bargain for the public, Mr. Burke demonstrated from various confederations, and particularly from this : that in the bargain with the money - lenders, allowance was made for the possibility or the chance of the fall of the flocks, but not for that of their rife. The noble lord himself had confessed that the bargain he had made was a disadvantageous one for the public; and yet no minister in time of war ever negotiated a loan in better circumstances. In the first - place it was agreed to take the lowest computation, that there were fub - icriptioas for twenty - four or twenty - five millions, double the sum wanted, and surely this was a most decisive advan - Vql. II. Ec tage

210

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781.

tage in favour of the borrower. By this means the noble lord might have countera&ed the selfish views of the men he treated with, by resorting to more reasonable men, if diffatif - fied with the first that offered; or supposing the parties to be the feme, {till it was obvious, that men who had twenty - four millions of money to employ, would be more likely to take a reasonable interest than those who had only the ( um wanted; for it was not to be supposed they would let so large a sum lie in the bankers hands, when they might get a premium of 5I. 10s. which the noble lord himself admitted to be a fuffiejent bonus.

In the second place, a minister in time of war surely could never negotiate a loan with so much success, as when a peace was expected, and that was the {ituation in which the present minister Hood, when he settled the bargain now before the House. - —Added to both thele considerations there was that of the commission of accounts alluded to by the noble lord yesterday, from which it appeared that immense sums were to be immediately brought into the public coffers; so that there was an immediate retort in case the loan had mifearried. — With three such advantages as these, if a good bargain was not made, no possible circumstances, that he could conceive, ' could ever redound, to the public benefit.

—Ne salus ip fa buicfaluti else

That God and man could not save his expences.

The honourable gentleman adverted, with inimitable plea - fantry, to, what had fallen from Lord North in the debate last night, concerning the poverty of the House of Commons. Says the noble iord, this House cannot have such a proportion of the loan as is pretended; for this is a poor House. This the noble lord had advanced, not without wit and humour, of which Mr. Burke allowed him to be a great mailer. It was a very heavy charge against the honourable gentlemen; for poverty at present was the greatest dishonour, and wealth the only thing to make a man well received in all companies. But Mr. Burke recalled to the noble lord’s re collection, a coiltrary position of his, viz. that the House of Commons was a most respectable assembly; respectable, be meant, for their independent fortunes and riches. What ! was such an assembly to be corrupted ? '

This was the {train of the noble lord’s eloquence on tome occasions; but on others he. found it convenient to argue their incorruptibility from their poverty, as I e did at present. They have nothing to give away, therefore they cannot be. corrupted;

X

211

A. 1781. e E B A T E S. '

corrupted; and thus, by the double operation of poverty and wealth, the English House of Commons is not only the raoff uncorrupt, but the mo/l incorruptible assembly that ever w in the world. The rich are so full of pure water, that there is not room for a drop of foul; and the poor are like a sieve, which can hold nothing, but every thing liquid passes through it. Hence an incorruptibility might be inferred on both fides of the House from the moll opposite causes—incorruptibility from — - poverty : —incorruptibility from — opulence.

He wtshed, that instead of members coming in poor to the House, and going out rich, they might come in rich and go out poor. He was persuaded the noble lord thought er - roneously of that fdoufe, for it was not justly chargeable with poverty : in His opinion too little lb by a great deal. He would be happy that a feat in Parliament afforded no opportunity of growing rich, and that they came there rather to live with frugality upon their own fortunes and not to acquire new ones.

He was sorry that opulence was to be acquired by getting into Parliament—But so it was, that members were like the

tenuis vulpercula, or the weazel, which being flOnder, crept

into the cupboard; bht eat so much there, that it could not get out : so with members of Parliament, they got in sleek and {lender, and afterwards ' being gorged with places, pensions, and douceurs, got an enormousvbelly, that they were scarcely able to get out again. To adopt another cOmpa - rifon, members came there as into a hencoop, where they fed heartily at the expence of freedom. He wished that the House of Commons were a kind of, to work off

those fat, large bellies, that were contracted by the douceurs therein acquired. He spoke metaphorically; he meant, that he wished that members might ipend, instead of acquiring fortunes in the public ’ service. But his stroking his own. belly, and his situation opposite to Lord North, —with fair round belly, with good capon lined, raised a very hearty laugh, in which Lord North himself joined.

H ing reasoned against the bargain in question, he was sorry to find by a comparison with the conduct of Mr. Neckar,. how bad an oeconomifl the noble lord was for the public. His lordship had added by the late loan, 21, oooo, ooooj. to the capital debt of the nation. Mr. Neckar had added only 5, 000, ooool. by his late loan, to the debt of France. The Engliffr financier is obliged to raise new taxes to pay / E e 2 the

212

PARLIAMENTARY A, 1781.

the interest of this immense sum; the financier of France docs no such thing; he is enabled by savings to pay the interest of his loan, without any taxes. The noble lord loads his country with the interest in perpetuity. Mons. Neckar pays only for a term of years, determinable on lives r The English interest lasts for ever; and that of France must daily decrease : not a year can pass over, that many creditors of the French crown do not die, and bequeath as many legacies to their country as she saves by the flop that their deaths put to the payment of their annuities. The French financier borrows at ten per cent, on one life ., If the interest and douceurs which the English minister has agreed to pay, was reduced to annuities, it would be equal to fourteen per cent, on one life. Mons. Neckar, he said further, had ten millions of France in referye for the next year, and other refour - ces. How much then was our situation reversed ? The noble lord could no longer boast of the superior state of our finances, as he had formerly used to do. He added that he was ready to agree that the French minister had not the fame difficulties to encounter, that the noble lord had. Undoubtedly he had not, but then it must be considered, that the noble lord was not a minister of yesterday, he was not blame - less of having assisted in bringing his country into those very difficulties under which it now laboured, and therefore the complaint that there were great difficulties in the way of his making a loan, came with a very ill grace from the noble lord or any of his supporters. Happy France in her minister ! unhappy England in her financier ! The difference afofe from the corruption of Parliament. If a poor member of Parliament should receive an offer from a subscriber : " agree < c with the minister in such and such terips for the loan; and €C you shall have four per cent, on all that I subscribe for this would be a temptation that nothing but incorruptibility could relict; and yet, according to the terms of the new loan, a subscriber might make this bargain with a member and still have above fix per cent, for his money. Such offers made to many members might tempt them to agree to terms which otherwise they would have rejected with indignation; and thus it was that such inordinate bargains were made by lninifters, because they were sure, that by applying to the interest of the members, they could get a majority in the House to sacrifice the interest of their country.

He was for recommitting the resolutions, in order to recofl - fider lord North’s bargain on principles of ceconomy; but }. chiefly

X

A. 1781 DEBATES.

chiefly on a principle of public credit. The publicity of all our national transactions was the principal ground of our na - tipnarcredit. When no bargain could be made clandestinely, hut when all was open, and subject to the revilion and correction of the public ( interested mod certainly to make the best bargain for itself that was possible ) there arose a confidence in our public faith and credit, which mull be shook, if an idea should go abroad, that, however the forms of Parliament might be observed, the minister, of this country was in fa& absolute. It was the bad bargainer alone that could, be profuse, when profusion was necessary.,

Profusion, he considered as a symptom of despair; for could it be supposed, where that took place, that money could be borrowed on reasonable terms ? When a bottle is first turned over, being full, it runs out at first by gutts, and but slowly; but when it is nearly exhausted it flows rapidly and with a. current. The ministry, on that principle of a regard to public credit, obght to study ceconomy, and to shew oeconomy to all the world; that the world might judge thereby of our strength, and form coqclufions in our favour; that Sir Joseph Yorke might have it in his power to say at the court of Vienna, " My countrymen are desirous of peace, but both willing and able, if it be necessary, to carry on war. "

That the nations feeingthis, may be inclined to grant us peace on safe and honourable terms : or at the worst, that tiere may be a principle in this state of refuseitation, that the lux, as the Hebrews speak, may be safe and found, which if it is, there is no doubt of the body being revived. [ The lv % is a bone in the body, which being found, as the Jews believe, the body will rife again. ]

After these and various other arguments against the terms of the budget, he said he. was willing to believe the noble lord might have been constrained by necessity to receive them; but how did this obligation arise ? In the imbecility of the administration, which emboldened the subscribers to threaten withdrawing their support, if every demand was pot acceded to On such a supposition he sympathized heartily With the noble lord, but still more with the people, who muff pay for the weakness of their ministers.

This much he thought it necessary to say, in order to justify his vote the night before; the first vote he had ever given against a budget. But he thought it his duty to give his negative last night, because he believed that the minister Would not have presumed to call upon Parliament to sanctify

so

214

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781

so infajnous a bargain, if he had not thought that Parliament was arrived at that pitch of corruption, that they would accede to any terms, however scandalously injurious to the public : he wished to convince the minister, that at least with respect to him, he was mistaken.

A doubt having arisen, whether the resolution with regard to the lottery ticket should be expunged, or recommitted for ' that purpose, singly, and without the recommitment of the whole;

Lord North. Lord North was of opinion, that the two fefolutions should be, in point of form, recommitted together.

» The Speaker set the House right, tie told them that the

e *, a tegular question before them, and which must be disposed of before any other should be introduced, was, whether the bill before them should be read a second time.

Mr Hvfle r HuJTeya ec whether lt Would be regular to move an

u ‘amendment to the bill after the second reading ? He was answered in the affirmati ve by the speaker. '

The resolutions were read a second time; and when the clerk came to that part of one of them which related to the lottery, Mr. Hufley made an objection, which gave rife to a conversation. The substance of which was this:

Mr. Hufley did not find himself inclined to concut in a proportion, which some members had expressed their desire ' to press upon the House, namely, to have the resolutions recommitted; he would not consent to any measure that could in the least degree affect the public credit, by - ( halting the terms of the loan, since they had been made : the terms, he was convinced, were extravagant; but he acquitted "the noble lord of any neglect of the public intirely in granting them : he was sure his lordship would have made a better bargain if he could; hut, he believed, that the monied men held out obstinately, and would not agree to any others : however, as their profits were so great already, he saw no Yeafon why they should add the additional of lottery

tickets; he knew that they would be very well satisfied with their bargain without a lottery; one of them had ' told him so; the noble lord himself knew, that they would not inlist, upon the article of the lottery; the noble lord’s friends had

told him so; and the only thing, he was convinced, that made the noble lord stick out for the lottery was, that he thought his honour engaged, as a minister, to jnake good - a bargain that he had once made; he therefore intreated the noble lord, not to be tenacious on that point ’ : if his lordship spoke the truth when heYaid that the Parliament and ' not he

were

X

A. 1781.. I ) E B A T E ? S 215.

were to make the bargain, then this a ft of rejecting the, lottery, would be the act of the Parliament, and not of the noble lord; and consequently his honour would stand unim - pcached : he besought him to let the House, at least his friends in the House, pursue their own judgment and he was convinced that the lottery would be rejected by the whole House The paltry advantages arising to government from the lottery, could by no means compensate for the in - conveniencies that n$ver fail to attend it. He moved, therefore, that the House would not agree ‘with the cora - # mittee in that part of the resolution that was for she establishment of a lottery.

' Lord North said, that he by no means held that his repu - Lor % tation, as a minister, was at flake in the bargain; he was not bound by it; the House could undo it; for though the committee had agreed to it, yet if the House should confirm the resplution, he of course would be released from the agreement he had made with the subscribers. But he could not bring himself to think, that the saving of the money that, the subscribers would gain, could balance the mischief that might arise, in future, to the public credit, and the difficulties that ' would be thrown in the way of a loan, if the persons who made it should have no prospect of permanency in their agreement; but should be deprived of part of those advantages, which, perhaps had, in a great measure, induced them to part with it. But Parliament certainly had a right to judge; and if they should think that public credit would run no rilk by thus lopping off the lottery, then undoubtedly they would, and ought toxdo it, as honour did not Hand in their way; and if it did, it would be very improper in Parliament to sacrifice the property of their constituents, to complaisance for the reputation of any member whatsoever.

Mr. Martin was very glad that Lord North had made so Mr. - extravagantly foolish a bargain, and considered this as a fabjfcft of congratulation : for it was forpetimes said, that the minority opposed the noble lord in all his measures, right or wrong, and that there was not any good ground for that violent opposition that was shewn to his administration. His conduct in this bargain would open the eyes of the nation, and shew,. that the minority opposed his measures not without reason. He read over the preface to one of the king of France’s edicts, which she wed the principles of oeconomy, that governed the public conduct of that monarch.

Sir Grey Cooper observed, that in the premium done this Sir Grey day at iif, 9 ?, and 71 per cent, ought to be included the

interest,

216 PARLIAMENTARY A. t78

interest, which become due at Ladyday; and which, being part of the premium, of course lessens the douceur.

M Mr. Meddltcoty in justification of the noble lord, laid that

( J ’ e 1 he had held out, and stiffly refused to grant the terms that had been demanded by the money - lenders; and that when he at last offered the terms which were now before the House, they as stiffly, in their turn, rejected them; and his lord - ship left the room determined not to come to any terms : in his absence the money - lenders however consulted one another and at last consented to come down to the noble lord’s proposal; so that in fa&, he had made the very heft bargain in his power. Nor were gentlemen always to trust to the flattering appearances on a new loan; four years ago he had subscribed; and the day after Parliament ratified the agreement, flocks brought only two per cent, premium; in a few days it fell more than fix per cent; and he actually loft fix per cent, on his subscription.

Mr. Fox. Mr. Fox said he had troubled the House so long the proceeding day, that he would not then take up much of their time. He admitted what Sir Grey Cooper had said; but at the same time made it appear from the price of flocks, that that without taking the least notice of what Sir Philip Jennings Clerke had said, about the high premium at which the omnium had been that day done in the Alley, that there was an actual bonus of four pounds and ten - pence upon every hundred pound subscribed over and above the bonus of five pound ten shillings, stated by the noble lprd in the blue ribbond. Mr. Foxprcffed ministers to give up the lottery, and laughed at what the last member had said about the ' noble lord’s leaving the room, while the money - lenders were

ferewing him up. He said there were gentlemen present, who were no strangers to borrowing money, and they had often seen the honest arts of money - lenders pra£lifed; they had left the room more than once, and yet after all, they had not obtained the money lent, upon the moll reasonable terms. The gentlemen who argued like him, did not. want the honourable member who spoke last to give a mite out of his own pocket, they only wished that he and the other subscribers would spare a mite of the public money which they were going to receive.

He again mentioned the more eligible terms on which it was in the power of the minister to have borrowed the money He explained them again in the fame clear manner as he did the day before, and declared, that nothing but the most criminal

A. ijU. b, E A A f E •$ > i

nlinal neglect or profligacy, would Have consented to the bargain which had been made. He wished to have an answer from thfe noble lord to this < juefiion— - whether he intended to apply the one hundred and ninety thousand pounds that would fall Ml from the four per cents to the purposes of the sinking fund, dr whether he intended to employ it as part of the fund for paying the interest of the loan, and lb avoid laying oh new taxes to that amount ? He had already delivered his opinion upon the matter; but he would again repeat it, that if the noble lord intended to apply this sum to the payment of interest, for the fake of avoiding the diiagreeable talk of laying new. ( axes, he would sacrifice duty, honeffcy, and character to popularity.

Lord North gave no explicit answet to this questiod$ but he said that if the subsenbers should halve even seven per cent, douceur, it would be more that he had expected and con - Icqufcntly he could admit that the bargain in such a case would be bad for the public. But he was not yet ftire that the dou cenr would be so great; for he was of opinion that ' when an ipMpcnfe mass of three and four per cents should be brought tidy into market, it would bear upon the other funds, and reduce the premium.

Mr. DempJUr admitted that the terms were high; but ftrll bthjp ere were many circumstances that might reduce the pre - *

[ ium on the loan to nothing. If Gibraltar, which hadal - dy sustained a liege nearly equal in time to a fourth part i that of Troy, if Gibraltar should be taken, the premium would fall. The rife was occasioned by a prospect of peace— th t profpe£V, or rather tendency, as the noble lord called it, waain its infancy; if it should disappear, the premium would be worth little; but if a Junction between the French amt Spaniards should take place, and if our grand fleet now going t < x Gibraltar should be defeated, then there would be undoubtedly a loft eo the loan; there was rilk, and consequent ly itberc mjuft be great encouragement to make men part with their money, especially in time of war. As to the lottery he would not vote to have it rejected, as a blow might there given to public credit in future. With respect to thf one hundred and ninety thousand pounds mentioned by the honourable gentleman, he would be glad to fee it carried - to fund, if that fund was applied to the purpose of the debt of the nations but when he kiWfhhtin WMf peace it was devoted to the suppott of enormous n v$t and jwUitary ieftabh&ineDts, he must confess that 4 e iliad Vol. IL Ff rathar

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 u

rather fee the one hundred and ninety thousand pounds applied to the payment of the interest on the loan, that so the public might1 be the less burdened with new taxes.

Mr. Hartley, spoke against thelottery.

The question was at last put respecting the lottery, when there appeared against it 80, for it 133.

The other refoiutious of the committee were then agreed to by the House, without a division.

: The contractors bill read asecond time, and committed.

/ March 9.

A petition of the united company of merchants of England, trading to the JLaft - indies, whs presented to the House, by Mr Purling, and read; fettirtg forth, that, by an a fit of the thirteenthe ! his prefen t Majesty, intituled, " An act for establish - " ing certain regulations for the better management of the ii affairs of the EafUIndia company, as well in India as in

Europe, " the whole civil and military government of the presidency of Fort Wiliiamdn Bengal, and the ordering, management, and government, of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, are vested : in the governor - general and council of the said presidency, in like manner, to all intents and purposes what - iocver, s/the - fame were at the time of passing the act, or at any time, before might have been exercised by the president and council, or, fele£; committee, in the said kingdoms, fub - ed to the orders received from the court of directofs; and fcfiat, by the said act, his Majesty was impowered to ere# and coostitute ? a supreme court of judicature at Fort William aforesaid, with full powers and authority to exercise and perform all civil, criminal, admiralty, and ecclesiastical juristJic - Jtipji. over all British subje6b resident in the said kingdoms jor provinces under the protection of the said united East - India company, and to hear and determine all complaints against any of his Majesty Y subjects, for any crimes, mifde - meanors, or opprefiions, committed or to be committed, and also to entertain, hear, and determine, any suit, action, or complaint, against any person who shall, at the time when fuchdebt or cause of action or complaint shall have arisen, have be n employed by, or shall then have been directly or iodirectly in the service of the said united East - India company, or of any of his Majesty ’ subjects, and against any inhabitant of the said kingdoms, for a debt arising on any : cootra6t, or agreement in writing, with any Of his Majesty - s subjects, where the cause of action shall exceed the sum of

five

3

A. 1781 D E B, AT E S.

five hundred current rupees, and where the said inhabitant shall have agreed in the said contract, that, in case ofdifputes, the matter shall ' be4ieard and determined in the said supreme court of judicature, which said pqvver and authority his Majesty hath been graciously, pleased to carry into execution by his royal charter, bearing date the 26th day of March, in the fourteenth year of his Majesty’s reign; and that, by the said act and charter, two independent powers have been erected, that of the governor - general and council entrusted with the supreme authority of government, and that of the judges entrusted with the supreme administration of just ice within the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and QrUTa, between whom very alarming contentions have arisen, which have proceeded to such extremity, that a military foice has been employed to refill the process of the court, and this extraordinary interpolation avowed and justified upon the plea of necessity, fiqce, without this interposition, the governor - general and council affirm, that the revenues mull have been loft, the natives of high rank disgraced and the provinces involved in confusion; and that your petitioners apprehend these contentions have principally arisen from defects in the institution itfdf, which has established two powers perfectly distinct and independent, without providing sufficient means to prevent their collilion; and this opinion your petitioners are more inclined to adopt, by observing, that the governor - general and council on the one hand, and the judges on the other, were unanimous in every measure taken throughout this unhappy contest : that the express reference in the said act to the powers exercised by former prelidents and council as well as the nature of the subject, decide on the intention of tjy legislature, not to pfeferibe any - definite limits to the authority of the governor - general and council in the civil and military government of the provinces and the management of the revenues :. Probably, where a small number of stran - gers govern an extensive territory, in which a despotic power has ever before prevailed, and collect the revenues of that territory adapted to the nature of their former government, it will ever dc impossible to pteferibe any certain known rides of conduct to itaen entrusted with such an authority; m chless will it be possible to apply the laws of this coun - tty to Ib noveJ a situation; neither do your petitioners ap - pH&endthat the court of justice established by his Majesty’s ( harterian be rendered subordinate to the governor - general and council, 3$ the British inhabitants in theur petition to this F f z honourable

aao

PAULI AM ENT ARY A ? iy8 |.

honourable House have requeued, without totally defeating the ends of its institution; iiqce, therefore, both thefp power ? must subsist independent of each other, some limit seem$ jrecefTary tp prevpnt their opposition, which can only be productive of disgrace and ruin; for this purpose it seems not sufficient that the distinction between private a ' fts of individuals and public acts ot government mould be recognized a; a principle; this the judges have already done, but experience has demonstrated, that a rigid adherence to fprms, and 3 strict interpretation of law, unavoidable in judges where yate rights are concerned, will greatly impede, if not in ma - py instances wholly suspend, the functions of government : Indeed, if men, exercinng an undefined authority, Shall be bound to state theif defence with technical precision, to set forth former practice as a ciiftom to prove the act within the power exferened by former presidents and council, and be enT tangled by act the strict rules of evidence, such a legal exemption must be merely norninal : your petitioners, therefore, humbly submit to the wisdom of this nonourable House, yvhether the object ipay not be better attained, by permitting persons to alledge generally, that the act complained of was pone under an authority derived from the governor - general and council $ making their certificate, upon a reference to them, conclusive evidence of this fast, always permitting the judges to proceed where corruption was imputed as the foundation of the action entertained by t\it court : by such p pfoyifiqn, every individual, acting hopeftly in any department of government, will enjoy the protection neiceSTary in an unsettled state, where dominion piuft be upheld by the sword, and the country regulated, as the occasion shall require, by a large difefetionary power; while the attention of the governor - general and council Will be drawn to the most qpeftionable conduit of inferiors, who may be punished by cenfore, suspenfibrt, of dismission; jand every aft, Where corruption is imputed, Will be fubipitted to the more rigorous investigation of an Eriglifji court of jaw : your petitioners find likewise, by papers transmitted to theih, that. pen, Sitting in ' the administration of justice have biren Subjected to large damages wherfe ho unworthy motive was even foggbfted, men have consequently been juhwilling to act without an indemnity froth the company, 1 and had they not been protfcfted by the governor - general and council, at a great expence to the company, the ' administration of justice ihrough - feut the country must hav been suspended : the decision

A - 4 1781. D £ B A T

pay be consonant tjt > the rules of the supreme court of judicature, and to the taws by ' which the judges are obliged to proceed, but is certainly inconsistent with the pre&nt state of the country : where British fttbjcfts preside m courts which administer justice according to the ancier laws and customs; of the country, a delegation of authority to those versed in the respective laws of the Qentoosor, as the case may require, seems necessary, and the practice has long prevailed.

To examine the ednduft of these delegates, to hear objections to their report, and finally to decree upon the rights of litigants thus afeerrained, appear to be the whole duty of a judge under such circumstances; yet acts of this nature have been deeipcd trespasscs in the plaintiff, in the delegates, and the judges; should aft$ done in such, or the fike situations, be hereafter examined by the rigorous maxims adapted to a more perfect judicature, should the parties be embarrassed in ’ their defence by technical forms, in alledging and proving the authority of the court, and the regularity of their proceeding, much injustice seems unavoidable : your petitioners, therefore, humbly submit to the wisdom of this honourable Hopfc, whether it may not be just to leave the officers, and other perfoqs a ft ing under the authority of these courts. Wholly to the controul of the judges of the said courts, and to subject the judges to the fqpremc coQft of judicature, only Where corruption, or other criminal motive, shall be proved in a prosecution by information or indictment, leaving their errors or irregularities to be redressed by appeal to the superi - or court ? of the country ? Aqd whether it may not be expedient to tender the intended protection effectual by making the necessary allegations few and simple, and at the same time jo facilitate the proof of these allegations by making the certificate of the judges conclusive evidence that the act complained of was done under their authority, and the certificate of the governor general and council conclusive evidence of the appointment of the perfoAs claiming to act as the judges of the court V And here ' youj - petitioners think jthemselves compelled, by humanity and justice, to entreat the attention of jrnis honourable Houfp to the unhappy fitnation of the Cauzec and AfufteeSy who now languish in confinement without a pofflbHity of relief, except from Piariiament : your petitioners, are further alarmed by the embarrassment in the management and collection of the revenues created by the jurisdiction of the fupteme court, whicl have been represented to your ‘ petitioners

2 «

222.

PAR LI AMEN T ARY A, i78r.

petitioners to be so great and extensive as to threaten the loft of tHofe supplie *. which can alone provide for the government and defence of the provinces, or render die possession of thele beneficial to Great Britain : and your petitioners, in examining these papers, discover abundant proofs of the truth of that opinion which die legislature, in the act of the thirteenth of his present Majesty, seem already to have adopted, that the administration of justice by an English court of judicature is wholly incompatible, riot only with the state of government in every part of the country, but likewise with the Jaws, customs, religion, and manners, of the people, which, among the Hindoos who constitute the great body of the nation, enter so much into the observances of common life, and are so blended with the character and nature of the people, that a violation of these must be felt as the most insupportable tyranny : without presuming to decide, whether those who hold distri&s, and become responsible with their fhreties for the revenues of these districts to the company ( be they hereditary Zemindars, or more temporary farmers ) are, or are not, comprehended under the general words of the charter, asdirectly or rndirectly in the service of the company, your petitioners think it, their duty to represent to this honourable House, that the ordinary process of the supreme court, antecedent even to the decision of the question of jurisdiction, will produce little less than confusion; your petitioners are willing to aferibe the outrages which have been committed, by entering the apartments, of the women, and the defilement of the place of worship, to the ignorance of the inferior officers of the court; but by the ordinary process, which cannot be with - held, men of high rank ? possessing themselves a local jurisdiction and extensive authority, and women of the fame description, who cannot appear without disgrace, are brought from the most distant pa, rts of the provinces to, and

must there give bail, frequently for very large sums, by persons reiident in Calcutta, or be cpnimltted to gaol; they may then plead to the jurisdiction, but must verify that plea upon path, which alone distionours them, and, after a long delay, may polfibly obtain a decision in their favour : in the mean time, the distri&s they govern are involved in confusion, the revenues loft, themselves and families disgraced, and all these disorders produced by a judicature administered according to unknown laws, in an unknown tongue, and totally repugnant to the simple forms in which they have £een accustomed to behold the administration of justice, /where the profession of ‘ ~ *. ... an

y

A. 1781. DEBATES,

an advocate is unknown : the people hear, fee, and feel the injuries, but cannot comprehend the benefit intended; and such have been their terrors, that the renters of the Patna and other districts, have petitioned to be discharged from their engagements with the company, representing the lawyers as the matters of right, and that whomsoever they favour, he mutt prevail : your petitioners apprehend, that the supreme court mutt be restrained from a direct interference with the management of the revenues, either by its ordinary process, or by writs of habeas corpus, or the provinces cannot be retained in a manner behencial to Great Britain : and your petitioners humbly submit, that with respect to the natives in general, nothing more can be done, than to give a regular administration of justice, prompt and simple in its forms, on a more permanent establishment than that which is derived from temporary regulations made by those intrusted with the executive government, vetting an authority in the supreme court to watch. over the integrity of these judges : whether such an arrangement can be best made by laws framed in England, or by a local legislature created by Parliament, your petitioner do pot presume to determine; but should the former plan be adopted, your petitioners humbly represent, that if the nomination and removal of the Europeans who preside in these courts be not given to the governor general and council, who direct the residence of Europeans employed in other duties of executive government, the expence of salaries necessary on a separate establishment will become too heavy a burthen; should the latter plan be approved, your petitioners humbly submit, that a reference of the intended regulations, before such regulations be established, to the provincial chiefs and councils who may be obliged to report their opinions and rea - foos at ' large upon the subject, imay furnish much valuable information, not only to those to whom the legislative power is given, but also to those whose final approbation in England may be thought a proper controul on the local legislature; and that the mode already adopted by Parliament, of requiring these laws to be registered in the supreme, court, may be a useful restraint on any intended temporary arrangements of the executive government, and tend to moderate a power which cannot accurately be defined : your petitioners, with great humility, submit the whole of what is here suggested to the wisdom of this honourable House; but the court of directors, intrusted with the important concerns of the East India Company, think they should have been wanting to ' their duty,

qjH PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ty, if they had not, in the name and on behalf of the compa - ny, conveyed the impressions which they have received from the papers transmitted to them to this ' honourable House, from whom alone your petitioners can expert red refs : your petitioners therefore humbly pray, that the governor general and council, and those wherhave acted under them, may be indemnified for the refinance made to the process of the fu - pteme court, and that such laws may be provided in future as may prevent the return of the like disorders.

Ordered, That the said petition do lie upon the table. Adjourned to March 1

M 12.

Lord North. Lord North said, he was not ready to propose the taxes for, the present year 5 and therefore that part of the budget was put off to the 14th.

Mr. Bing Mr. gyyg rose, an ( j called the attention of the House to a transaction which he said merited their mod particular notice : the loan of the present year was so singular in all its circura -, dances, so extravagant in its terms, and had been managed by the minider in a way so suspicious and alarming, that it merited the mod serious invedigation of that House. The extravagantly. disadvantagequs terms, which the noble lord had made, were notorious; not less notorious were the discontents of the people without doqrs with the Parliament, for having agreed to the report of the committee, by which 9 per cent, was already gained by those who had chosen to fell out their part of the omnium.

The minider - s conduct, with regard to the agreement was bad, but the distribution of the loan was much word. The loan had not been given with f irness and impartiality to the opulent, natural, and condant money - lenders; but of the contrary, there bad been the mod profligate partiality in the garbling of the Lid : the friepds of the minider had been fa voured with subscriptions to - an immense amount; while gentlemen of the mod respectable. charter, who had been fibh - feribers tQ former loans, and to loans also in which they had been sufferers, had been ' totally excluded, or had received in no prQpoTtion to their applications. But what was a much worse and more lamentable evil, this partiality was not guided merely by the bias of friendship, but had its warp, as it tended to gain an influence over she members of that House. Those bankers who had applied, and formerly advanced large sums, were either cut off with, very fraall portion or otflTf neglected. The minider’s favourites experienced a cqpdptt

totally

A. i ) $t ., ' D i B ' A

totally the r verfc, let thelrcxpe&ations be ever so unrea - sonable, or their demands ever so enormous. Mr. Atkinson is Vet&rted to have 606, 0001. on the lift that ' was sent ' to Ae bank. Apd if I am rightly informed there. is 230, 000 !. feattding ' in the name of one house; one 30, 0001. of which Ms to the lot of the house, while the 200, 0001. is secured for the members of both Houses. This was a species of traffic that had been priaftifed in former years. It was remarkable that the very lift ftnt to the bank Was a fiction, containing unreal names; it appeajpeda fair open lift, while the transa&io# was unfair and dark. were members, of Parliament, who had parts of the IhaW, j ) ut whose names did not appear. If the motions he intended to make were agreed, to, he pledged himself to prove this "at die bar of the House ., He would prove also, that the in oft glaring nardality had been shewn all through thebufinek. The lift was; npt sent, sealed up, to the bank, before jfh$ loan was proposed in Parliament, as it formerly used tjyjfce, there to be opened the day after the report of the committeeways and means had been agreed to by that Ho ? Thq lift was detained at the tneaftiry. : It had not beenoope garbled and once corrected only, butrit had undergone manygarbling *, land many corrosions; and even after the loan was known to bear so high a premium in the Alley t vfas igafbled and corrected anew, till reduced to the preciousftate in which it. now appeared, and which had 00 cafioned £uch loud difeon tents.. After it had - been proved that the terms were so advantageous, it had beenirevifedby the Href&ry and the friends of themiuifter, members of that House/ the men who g ve him his majorities had been roost shamefliliy preferred, while those whole sufferirtgs or service gave claim were neglected. —When was the lift sent to the bank ? > Not before thd noble lord had ptopbfhd the loan to Parliament < ! : Not immediately after Parliament had ag&ed to itl < Not‘ till Saturday morning ! Was that part of the transhftion fair ? Was it "just to the money - lenders without doors - ' f ' Was itfuch as that House ought to look on with; its - diffarwlcef, Ought they mot, 6n the ’ contrary, tb take thb Whole of the matter into their consideration, tp prbbe it ‘to the bottom/ to fee who Was to Blarney and to take bare that fomtadb < $fthe publit mbKfeydkcruld not, bn ahyfvftbreloaii, Ijreit the disposal of the ? ihmifter, just as he ' pteafedto ' distrf - bt lt ? : ith regard to the proportion - < ? £ the Tuihi ' allotted to the ftfbfbfibersi they1 were extremely ' caprlcKiiS Jand, ex - -, i; > ‘ r c trimely

PARLIAMENTARY a. i ? 8 j,

tremely irregular.. Some men who wrote for 50 p < Jol. hud got the whole, and some who bad wrote for ioo, ooool. Bad been set down for $oc5q !. to some a fourth part of what they wrote for had been granted, to others a foventhi to others i tenth, and ' to others not a twentieth; these facts could easily be proved, if the noble lord would con fen t to furnfth the House with such means of evidence, as he ( houfo move fors Which wis, first, That a list be laid before that House of all the fobferibers to the new loan, specifying ’ the particular sum subscribed by each. 1, i

This was no new or unprecedented motion. It hadbec t made and agreed to last year but this he considerdd as in sufficient /or the purpofo df ’ coming at the bottom of the management and manoeuvres which had been pra ( ftifed in the present subscription : he therefore meant to follow this With other 4Wo motions and his nedt would be. That a correct lift be laid before the Ho ' ufo of all those > ersons who had offered to become fobferibers to the rteWfpan, but whose offers had been rejected; specifying the particular films they had ofered to fobierib *. His view wfcsfo convict Lord North of < having made a Worse bargain for the publii than be might have made; and also of the great Htmiftidfe to the individuals who had offered to become fobferibers to the new loin,

He was well informed that the noble lord had an offer of eight and thirty millions sterling, whence it was evident that he. was not under any necellity of making any disad vantage ous bargain *

That these offers were made by fobftantitl and responsible. men, who were equal to the proportions made by them, the ’ they had not the good fortune of the noble tordY pre dile&ion.

But as ? it would not be a business of ease for a private indi vidual to come at the necessary. information, which1 would bring this jto full proof; he was therefore under the neheffity of moving for what would give ample evidence not only of the partiality complained of, and the corrupt end oftbat pat *. tiality. His third motion, therefore, would be for copies of allthe letters; notes, &c. that had been font ' to the noble Jord in, the blue ribbon, his secretaries, any of the commis - ' fioqers of, the treasury,. or any other person from whose hands. /hey had. been trap, fruit ted to the noble ford, conveying an application for part of the loan; by the aid of these papers ' the House would be able to fee whose offers had been reye&ed and whose had not, where the proportion granted was. much

- less

A. 1781 v t > E B ATES. £27

lets than the fuihwrote for, and where there was an unequal proportion granted : in factc, they would have before then either the complete conviction of the noble lord, or his com plcte acquittal; and they would be able to decide how ' far the charges of partiality, which were in circulation, were founded or not. L He said,. that whatever these motions led to he could prove. The conduct of the loap, was flagrantly unjust, and detrimental to the public ., H$r was alionished that the noble lord should dare to observe such a condudh He entreated him to think of the perilous fit nation jn whiph he flood, lwfore. it should be too late. /

The people, said he, will, not/ and ’ cannot much longer bear this oppression; ythe day of retribution will come; and it may he foonerthap some expect it. The people are at length; roused to a sense of frt teir daniRcr, apd begin to look after t eir own affairs. ‘ '

His motion, h ? said, would yinee that the noble lord might have borrowed money at five per cent, and that the offers of many responflbie men had been rejected, and that the neW loan Was distributed chiefly among favourites, or with a view tq support in thef House the credit of the mini - fter. He then read Over ' hia first motion, and bapdpd. it to the speaker, who read it to ! the fjoufe.

Si 1 diyardconfidedi\g, that the House lay under. sir/ wW so dhonourable a fufjpiciop, as that whi. ch had been just now mentioned, and lamented by Nfr. Byng, thought that they were bound in honour to lift that matter to the, bottom, thereby to wipe off that foul ftaip that had been thrown upon them,

I/ord Ntrib professed that he had no objection whatever tQLvrt the production of the lift agreeable to the nrft proportion— the lift of the fvbscribers to the loan, as sent to the bank, in the famejpanner as he had done taft year$ but then, he said,. ltd did not mean to go any further, and consequently that he would oppose. the other two motions; and he opposec} them because they were useless; for if. the honourable member supposed, as he fepmed to do, that there were subscribers, whose names were not to be found in the li# called for in die first motion, how could the second motion - ftirnish him with them ? It was impossible, As to the thir < £ jt was in his opinion, a very strange motion; the honourable gentleman charged the chancellor of the exchequer with partiality; and having no one proof td Support his charge, he calls up - ftnthat miriifter to Unlock his eferutore, and give Jiim up all nis private letters, to fee if he cap discover any vejfige of this [ Partiality, with whichJ He accufcs the minister with so

G g 2 much

PARLIAMENTARY JbVflw

much confidence. — - j - Wish regard to whatft; ty hpnpurabje gentleman bad been pleased to say respe&ipg his qppdu&. relative to the lift of subscribefs to the present loan, he. dbe >; fied that honourable gentleman, or any other person, to prove that he had been guilty of the fipafteft partiality, or that the whose of the transaction had not, so far as. it referred to him been done evenly, fairly, and without anybias or prejudice ;, whatsoever. The honourable gentleman must know be could not make put the lift himself. That was obyiously impossible; it was a business of great magnitude - it was a day and night matter—‘all he could do was to give general diregions in what manner the business should be, done\ he had given‘thole directions and those. who received them : would do him the justic ? to say, that he had expressly di c& -; ed that nb such partiality should be shewn, but that the fub - feription Khould ' be apportioned with fairness; such ljud been, his directions, and he did allure the House, Ipe believed there was no partiality shewnj be, was convinced, when t beyfam, the lift that had been moved for, they. would fee thfee was none shewn. No person was permitted to fujjffribe a % r the bargain was made, to hb knowledge; and thefeafqp yyily; thef lift was not feint to the bank till Saturday. last, was owing so the very great extent of the lift, and th numb of fub - feribers, which yras much larger thaiv in former years/ The honourable gentleman had Lid a great deal ahogti th&dispro - portion of the lift; the honourable gcdtleipapp mqft - know, that the subscription was not, and ought, not 49, b$ ( ejtkd by reductions pro rata; for by following such a. system, jnu9h inconveniency might take placed for if, upa ev ry application ( let It come from whence It wouldt, fron p Qp knowo so be responftble and men of substance,. pi; frotp persons who % names were known to the treasury astIubscribers, and whose responsibility was a matter of dqubt ) the ( ajnp. rijjewap ob - served and a certain portion was to be given so eachfc/ govern ment would run great rfcjqe, when the depofif days came the payments would fall fbortV Another objection to applying any particular given sum to the business was t vls if a man knew he would. have a fourth part of what he : y rote for. Or half of what he wrote for, fn that case, every application would be either for four times, of twice. as. much as the person applying really wanted/ ' As the mpactei{ jstood now > it was well known that, almost $very pexfop tybPfof part of the loan, wrpte for a gr$at dea ( l oh > I£ pedled, or than they were allowed, ai\d, therefore 410 certjpn inode of reafohing, or of pbje&on *. cpu ) ( j ' o. c;. the

•. ' single

J > 1 B 7 E 3.

faglet Aat; tbt Aim allowed, Ml greatly Adrtfcf < tw fijm applied for. But the honourable gentfomsn had complained of members of Parliament bpi9£ fybfcrihers j really w o law tha$ made it a crime 19 members of Parliar

There wre ia that fjoyfo several mearf r, who at all time applied and had always Apportion according to the amoimt of thq appUpsr - fd, but it did not follow haf thjey always gained Jertainly they did pot, fop three or {put years ago i grpatly i and, with regard to there being, any that House who pad fyms in the loan under concealed patjitt, be knew of none such - As to Mr. Atkinson, Isa was satisned that he had nb such sum as had been mentioned by the honourable gentleman; and though whatever had been green to him was for the whole hoqfe of Muir, Son and tkinton; yet ha was convinced, though he had not looked ' the lift, that the whole firm had. no such Cum as 600, 000k. ras said thatfMr. Atkinson had 200, 000 ! ' in the names pother people— - He did, not believe a w < ? i; d of it because, in wnsequence of one honourable gentleman’s haying in the coarse of last week asserted, that Mr. Atkipfon had lb mon - 6tt > us a, portion of the loan as three millions three hundred, thousand pounds, He had ordered a strict enquiry to be made mtb what Mr. Atkinson had, and hap expressly dire died, that it ftioufd Be searched into, whether Mr. Atkinson han any part of the lpah under any other rvatne than his own Ijfe had; even put that question to Mr. Atkinson, fr ' om whom ne bad received an answer, the mot solemn declaration, that Bfe bad no share whatever in the loan, but what flood in his bwn oame and that of his hbufe. Indeed if he had, it must be a deception; for it must be in diredfc oppositiontothe mofipofitiveorders which he had given, that nostock should be held : by any man but in his own name; and that partiality whatever‘ ( hould be shewn td any one. If, notwithstanding these orders, any partiality had been shewn, the perform egg rieved would complain, 1 and then the biifiness would come fairly before the House *, and as any thing contrary to dkbfe orders, must be. a deception upon him, so he would be 4 ready as ahy man. to express his censure of the transa&lbrr;

fAs to what had been said again of the omnium’s Bearing high a premium as rune per cent, he could only say that kb. thought, that a final ! part of it coming to market thus parly, and bearing1 that price, though ' it Was fometh ' ing €wprizing, : at did not go - to the - establishment of the pod turn foiitended; for by, the honourable gentleman, and By

those

P AR. £ IA ME STAKY Av 1781.

those who had fpOkcti on the last Week, viz that the whole loan bore a premium of ttifie per cent. - and that 900, 000b of the publick money were thrown away. Gen - ' tlemen must‘krtbW that if any large proportion of theom - ' mum, if a fourth, si half, 1 or three - fourths were brought in - " to the market, the premium wohld fall greatly, nay the om - ’ mum would be done below par, perhaps at three or fous ptr cent, discount; at a certainty it would, if t}ie whole came to market at once. If however after the deposit was paid, and the matter Was settled, the present high premium of nine percent, should continue upon it ' he was ready to own, that ’ he should be extremely sorry, and that he had given much greater advantages than He ought to have given, or than he intended to give. He should, in that case, consider the advance of premium as a bad effectariling from a good cause. The fast was, he had done his bed, and of all/the offers that1 had been made, he had accepted that which" Was lead ’ hard and disadvantageous to the public. He again felt necessary to advert to the reason of the lids not having Been sent to the bank before the loan was proposed to parliament : ijt never had, on kny occasion, been sent till after the Housej Had agreed to the report of the committee of ways and mentis. As soon as that was over, the lid was exaihined and fefLtr; but gentlemen forgot that in a fubfpription of fuchfize aj the present, and where, the subscribers were so numerous, it Was not a matter of little time to prepare the lift - ijL topk up many, many, hours; it yr&s qpt the, work of a day, but 01 all ‘day and all night, and all day again. With regard tp ity having been garbled, be ' denied the accusation; that it ha bepfl orreaed was surely no crime, bqt that any alteration had teen introduced since the loan had been made known to Parliament, was, he was pretty well assured, not founded. The orders he p$ve, Were to receive no letter ? nor application for ferip that were not brought before one o ’ clock on Mon - day lafft, at which hour the gentlemen met tp settle the teirm The rpie of that meeting was to convene the monied who had made applications and offers, and to convene the heads of all. the great public companies, who usually affiftr ed government with money, but who never made any. application previous to that meeting; by these gentlemen lb collected, the terms were settled, and it was always uiual to expert that the gentlemen who were; present were to take a pretty < xonsiderable fharc of the loan among them.. At to the dea of foxing open his femtore and - taking mit all prmtt

letters

I

£ > a StB - : A E s.

3 *

~ ' A

kt er$ and papers, - that. > bad any reference to the loan. He pattered himself the House ’ would not think such a measure necessary. If that was to be the case, the House had better take the Whole of the bufmefo upon themselves in future, and iofteod of the letters, from persons desirous ofbecoming fub - fcjrijpew, being direct rid to thelord of the treasury, they liquid bedirected to thoiclcrk of the House and read at the table. The honourable gentleman had accused him of partially ;,. ^ as he believed father extraordinary for one per - ( on tOfCjWge another with partiality, and then to say, "Give epe the kty of your bureau and your ferutore, let me empty allypurdrawm, look over all your papers, and read every letter I can. find, and then I > 11 tell you, whether ! can prove my charge or not ! " Certainly such a mode of application would : never be Countenanced by that House; and indeed it was. altogether unnecessary, because the motion already before thk House would shew who were the persons that had ( crip, ' and if any one. thought himself aggrieved, as he had already fdggefted, undoubtedly he would not be silent upon it, and gcritlemen would have an opportunity of bringing the matter forward. His lordship concluded with declaring that heihould not oppose the motion then before them.

Sir GeorgeSav\le wished that one side would not hint at$ « r Gmgt

fafts before they were established in proof, nor the other be5 " *

{q ready to declare that this wai so, and that was otherwise.

Such conduct, was in neither case parliamentary, but he said, that he, from the mod compulfivo internal evidence supported the motion; for it was not likely that the delired information could be obtained by any other means : those persons indeed. might complain who had not got enough; but there was. another set of men. who would not complain, but of whom the House would complain, namely, those who bad got too much; it was necessary therefore topafs this motion, in order to discover where the partiality lay; this cpuld be but by the lift called for in the second motion; and if the noble lord should refuse to grant it, it might fairly be said, that he defied his accUfers, only because he knew, that as he with field, so they Could not otherwise come at the only evidence Which could convict him. As to the private letters in the noble lord’s efcfutore, they were written to a minister of state, on the subject of the loan, and conseqUently ought t6 Have been called public letters by the noble lord. /And as he Would pay no regard, on the one hand, to suspicions of guilt, or en the other, to assertions of innocence; he delired to

have

» PAUL ! AMSN ' T ARV A. l ) Si.

■ have the proofs, and then institute the enquiry; Thbte were two ways of garbling {he lift; a right way and a wrong one. Let the Houfb fee which of the two had been followed. Whether the reductions; were made, by a rule Of pro - dent justice, in which regard was had to the ability Of the subscriber and the quantum Jfor whith he had whtt&ny or that it was merely done by a rule for the purpose ofkorrtp tion and influence. > - k \ *

Mr. Mm - Mr Rtbinfon, ( cff the treasury ) said the fame, that Lord /• *, North had ftid, with regard to the d weft ions be hft& giVftt, that the lift should be made otifr fairly and impartially 5 and declared, th t -. hij djuty in that House, would not suffer him to see the qrhQle Qf vtlte bnlinefsf. done, but that at - far asdt. had come under his infpd&ionj he cbtld answer for it, that the oble lord’s directions hadbien punctually complied with and that the lift was made out without any prejudice or partiality.

He also infilled, that no such sum as 6oo, ooool. had been given to Mr. Atkinson and he could assure the, House, that Mr. Atkinson had solemnly declared to him that he held not a shilling of the new dock under any borrowed name.

Mr. Byng. Mr. Byttgdeclared, that it was. only by the production of <. - x the lifts and; the papers which he called for, that the House - ' could comej a. t the knowledge, of the fads which he hadal - ( edged. Xhe noble lord had said that it would be improper to open his ( bnreasv arid examine his letters. - —The noble lord’s bureau in this instance was the bureau of the public - liable to the irifpediem of : that Houseand as an atedffip - tantj he received no letter in a. private capacity. —The asser - tions of the rioble lord and the honourable gentleman might be true wished to enquire into : the truth. — ' But : the iso - hk lord kept thq vkey of, his bore u, and he denied to the House the only - means Of information by Which they could know, whethey his aifertions were true or false. In iregafd to Mr, Atkinson he said, that there wel c some tildumftin - ces in his knowledge which he could communicate of a very suspiciqu&nature. It was pretty - certain that he w$w in t room at, tbfc treasury by himself, with the lift, - while many respectablerand responftble men had it not in their power to converserwith the noble lord on the fub edk He ftnhly itld truly believed that Mr. Atkirifbri was the man Who had he whole aqid foie pbwer of ' g2wbhng and managing that lift. ’ There had been the utmoftrnjustice and partiality in the bu - finels; that his constituents, the merchants, and the great v « 4 respectable

m

Ai V.. ! > £ B A T

respe$able hotrfes ! in the < ? ity of London, had Keen treated With Jtijtiftice. Men who. had written for 10o, ooool. had ( mtf gc > C 3900I. while others had got all for which they applied. Mh Boldero wrote for ioo, ooool. and got only 6ocxk. 5 HbHr was he to prove his charge, if he Was denied the lJRaaf of getting at evidence ? He was well affined that Members of Parliament had a part of the loan under othpr persons names, and he had been well informed, that a particular gentleman saw in the lift his name down for io, ooGt.

' when two members of Parliament went and claimed it, declaring it wat pot down for them.

The. noble lord’s delegation of hie business to Mr. Robin - fen, that gentleman to a third, and he to a fourth person, was truly ridiculous. The noble lord’s assertions may be ? l ut he waited the only credible evidence of his vera - ejty and therefore begged the noble lord to remember what key it was He asked for. Not the key of his bureau, not the key of his private papers, but the key of the public tfeafuty ! the key of those papers which concerned the people of England, and which that House, as the representatives of the people, had a right to demand ! a right to examine ! He complained of being deprived of the means of ' eftaMishing the truth of a charge of the foundation of which he said, he flood convinced, from the noble lord s refusing to go into the enquiry. '

ML ' RobinJoAreplied to Mr. Byng, and said, what he had Mr *

Wged respecting Mr. Boldero was erroneous. It. was true ' 6 ’ that ML Boldero had imagined that only 6000I. were put down to him, but he had sent him a note that morning, fta - ting that it turned out to be the error of a clerk in the bank in the omiilion of a figure, for that on examination of the lift, he had found that he had 6o, ooool. As to Mr Atkin - fen, he had been consulted about names in the city, of which they were ignorant, lottery - office - keepers, taylors, and Dthe ? % who had applied for ferip : but with regard to what ffie honourable gentleman had asserted, as to Mr. Atkinson having the lift in a room by himself, the fa£l had never happened, be had neither settled the lift, nor had he the lift to interfere with at all.

The first motion was put, and agreed to.

Mr. Byng then moved, Mr.

K That there be laid before this House, a list of the per - M fens who offered to subscribe to the said loan, whose offers Vol. II. Hh " were

234 PARLIAMENTARY A.. 1781.

" were rejected, together with an account of the sums offered, by each person. " ' ’

Mr. Byng said it gave him pleasure to hear that the case of Mr. Boldero ' was ill - founded, it was sufficient however to shew, that he had not spoken altogether without authority, though he had not before heard that the error was set ri set.

. He wished to go into the matter, that more errors might be cleared up. Give him the lift of those vrho had not, and he hoped public suspicion would be removed, sir Richard Sir Richard Sutton said, that the object of the said motions button. could not be attained by them; for if the House should be desirous to know whether stock was held by gentlemen in the names of others, they never could discover this, as they had hot the power to examine upon oath; and if - to the charge of partiality the noble lord should plead that he hid rejected the offers of some gentlemen, because perhaps he had thought they were not sufficiently responsible, and admitted others whom he thought more responsible, how was he criminal ? For it could not be said that the minister did wrong in exercising a discretion in judging who were responsible men, and who were not; consequently, after the lift moved for should be produced, if the motion meant any thing, it meant to prove that the men whom the noble lord had rejected were as responsible, or more responsible, than those whose offers he had accepted. Hence there would arise a neceftity of a new act of Parliament to enable a committee of the House of Commons, to institute an enquiry into men’s fortunes or circumstances, and to examine witnesses upon oath, and hence the time of the House would be taken up with debates upon the responsibility of men; a btifiness not very property, calculated for discussion within those walls.

Mr. Byng. Mr. Byng replied, that to lift out the private fortunes of

individuals, or to take a comparative view of the responiibi lity of different men, was not at all his object.

Mr. Fox, Mr. Fox said he was astonished to find the noble lord of - posing those motions, to negative which would be more con fiftent in those who wished the degradation of that House in the eyes of its constituents; for by such a vote it would be conspicuous if the public money was voted for a partial purpose, and the only means of refuting the opprobrious imputation if groundless derived. The argument adduced by the honourable gentleman [ Sir Richard Sutton ] was too inugni -

ftcant

1 '

V

G. C

A. 1781.. DEBATES4 :

ficant to merit an answer, yet he could not help ob&rving upon it, if the House could not, by oath, find out the rc - < fpbnfibility of subscribers, no more could the noble lord when he settled the distribution of his loan : but no such examination was intended; the idea was absurd, and it was plaiq enough might appear upon the very face of the paper, admitting the truth of what his honourable friend had suggested, that many very respotiiible gentlemen had offered large fubn feriptions, and had not been permitted to ful > scribe at all, —t The nobleiord had protested his own innocence, as to the matters alledged; but he mud beg leave to protest against such evidence —Not in any private or uncivil sense, but in a public, he did not scruple to profess, that here he gave not the lead credit to the noble Lord’s assertion; for he nevdf ebuid believe a man who said, " I am innocent, " yet withholds every means of information,; by which his innocence might be proved : such conduct was always a ft rung pre fumption of guilt, nor could the noble lord’s objection to produce the letters answer his purpose; for those he well ftnewwere not private, they were public addresses, and should be open for the inspection of Parliament, He was, howr ever, not pnwilling to believe his lordship when he profeifed his own personal good intention; perhaps he might be igno tant of the partialities that were pTa&ifed; yet those did ne vettheless exist, as he had every reason for believing, particularly in one indance, mentioned in a letter just put into his hands; the writer, of which he would not now name; hawing no express permission to do so, but should have that liberty he dopbted not to - morrow or next day; mean time he Could assure the House he was a person of importance and responsibility. He read here ' a letter, in which the writer complained of having applied so early as lad November tp have a part of the loan, for which he had laid by 50, 0001. and had not had a single shilling of the subscription allotted to him. This gentleman had long been a subscriber, and had been one of those that differed by the subscription falling in its price so considerably as it did, four years ago, He Wits now also in the trued sense of the words, a sufferer, because having really prepared the money to answer the event, he had lod thednterest of it. In the letter the writer suppo ? fed the noble lord had omitted his name, in order to give a preference tt > some person more convenient to him in Parliament. This he said evinced that men out of doors thought

H h 2that

PARLIAMENTARY A *

that the noble lord used the opportunity of distribtrting a loan to the favourite purpose of extending the influence of the Cro rn.

The noble lord had declared, that more than five and a half per cent, wotrld be too much for the money - lenders, and yet the premium oivscript was this day nine and a half per cent. The House, he laid, knew, welf how to value a declaration of impartiality, accompanied with a refusel to ftifclofe the ' means of proving the greatest partiality. He laid, ' that the conduct of members of Parliament, who had thares in the usurious new loan was most barefaced and Blameful, It was such a conduct as the noble lord in the blue - ribbon would not be guilty of hinrfetf, however he plight encourage it in others.

ft could not now be said, that the affairs of the people are safe in the hands of the House of Commons, because that House and their constituents4iad one common interest; for twelve millions of money wcrfe to be borrowed at the - most enormous interest and borrowed from members of Parliament; fb that that maxim of the representativee and re presented having one and the fame interest, was reversed; lor the more money is fqueexed Out of the people, ht higher interest can the minister afford to givfe to their representatives for the use of their money. The four hundred and eighty tlipufand pounds, out of which the minister had suffered the nation to be cheated, was eqtfal to one shilling in the pound land - tax. He was exceedingly forty to see the noble ford object to the motion, - since it feeroed to be his inclination to sanctify the suspicions that had arifeft in the bieafts of tnen against that House. When it was said, that the terms of the loan were extravagantly high, and ’ that touch more reasonable terms could have been procured, she noble lord was supported by a number of gentlemen who Were fub ( bribers to that loan, and who abandoned their duty as trustees for the fake of their interest as motvey - lendtra. They had voted to tarke the money out of theipocket of their coOftituents to put it into their own, and had made bad terms for the people, in order to make good terms for them - selves. This was the fofpidon the noble lord justified by withholding the means of information. He Wished the House so agree with the ptdfent motion, to refctae Parliament from the Ignominy of sacrificing the interest of the country, to their own '

The

A > i f 81. DEBATES *,

3 *

Tli# noble lord had kid, that if members of Parliament were in the lift of subscribers, they owed nothing to partiality; but surely the case of members of Parliament, and other men, cannot admit of a comparison. For the consti - taeots were to pay for the loan; the representatives, as futv feribers, were to gain by it; and as they voted the money of their constituents out of their, pockets itVte their own, it could. tot be said, that they would support the interests of the people against their own : but by forgetting their duty in the capacity of parliamentary delegates, and acting upon the knpulfe of their capacity of money - lenders, they would betray - their trust, and set up their own iaterest in opposition - to that of their constituems.

Lord North said, that as to the bargain, which the mo - Lori ifcrrft.

joey - lenders had gotten, he confclTcd he felt it to be too good, and he was very sorry for it; it was more than he could have foreseen, and more than he would have oonfented to, if he could have foreseen what had happened. But as to the extraordinary premium of 480, 000 !. that gentlemen said •had been gained by the subscribers, he could not admit that & much could be gained, when the twelve millions should have been fairly brought into market; that circumstanpe Would undoubtedly lower the premium very considerably.

With Tigard to the idea of extending the influence of the crown by means of a loan, if that argument was to be tried jby the taft of the present loan, he believed it would be found that he had made more enemies than friends by the lift sent the bank; for though he was not conscious of having been M nil to blame, or of having afled in the ieaft with partial ftty, he was pretty certain, that the number of persons who Hero extremely angry with him for letting them have fb little of the loan, was considerably greater than the number of tfcofe who were thankful for what he had given them.

. b4r. Hujpyiaid, he had only a few words to say concern - Mr. Huffy. ing Lord North’s declaration, that he was fprry at the advancedpremium on the omnium, fie was the first chancellor #£ ' the exchequer, he believed, in the annuls of England, who expressed a, farrow at the public credit of his country.

. Was this fit language for the chancellor of the exchequer

If the subscribers got nine and a half per cent, at market for ithe new loan, why should the noble lord be sorry, when it Was a ’ proof of the ftabdity of the national credit t Tho noble lord had said, that if the dubferibers should bring the Whole loan to market, the premium would fall considerably;

I Vtll *

3 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. i; 8f.

but was it for fear of &sch a catastrophe, that they kept their Hock at home } No, certainly, but because they knew they could make more of it, by waiting feme time.

LordNorth. Lord North declared, that he never intended to imply that

he was sorry the funtjs had risen, just the contrary; all he meant was, he was sorry that he had not foreseen that they would rife, and that the loan would bear so high a premiuto, that he might have made a better bargain. God knew, it would give him infinite fttisfaction, if the funds in general rose in a much greater proportion than nine per cent. '

Mr. r. Mr. T. Tvwnjhcnd did not fee how the House could avoid ‘Tnvvjbtnd. ag eing tQ tjjC motion before them, whether he considered the obligation of the House to maintain their honour, Or to do their duty to their constituents. He was astonished to hear that noble lord talking of his feruitores, and his bureau. They were the public treasury of the kingdom. The noble lord declared he was impartial, but refused the means by which alone his impartiality could be evinced. Let the names of such subscribers as were rejected be compared for responsibility with the names of those who were admitted; and, on the whole, let the principles be fairly pointed out Oh which a preference was given to the latter. Could any thing be fairer than this, or more candid ? He laughed at the importance of Mr. Robinson, Who was obliged to leave the btt - liness in question in the hands of Mr. Atkinson, and tocome down to manage the affairs of that House. To be sure, k mull be owned, his presence in this House is almost as xessary as that of the noble Lord. He was going to say, thafc the noble Lord and he form almost a majority in this Hotafe. The noble Lord commits the management of the loan to Mr. Robinson, and Mr. Robinson to Mr. Atkinson, who would very probably be one day at the noble Lord’s fide in ' that House; an event which he sincerely wished for, that he might have an opportunity of knowing so universal a genius : for, on all emergencies, there was no other name to be heard than Mr. Atkinson. Do you want transports ? Apply tb Mr. Atkjnfon. Do you want rum ? Mr. Atkinson will find it. Do you want provisions ? and so on—There is no doing without Mr. Atkinson.

He affirmed that there had not been any thing like a reason offered for not agreeing to the motion, besides what had been urged by Sir Richard Sutton, and that ground seemed to be abandoned, as indeed it ought to be.

Mr.

A ij&u 3 A T E S.

Mr. Whitbread saidhe acquitted the noble lord, and the Mr. Whit - honourable gentleman near - him, of any the least impropriety in their conduct respecting the loan; but said some regulation was necessary, flating a case of a friend of his, who had beenasubscriber for years, and a considerable loser four year® ago, who was passed unnoticed this year, though he had applied early He informed the House, that the present loan Was the proposal of Mr.. Ewer, deputy governor of the Bank. He said that his opinion had been asked four year ago, whether ' the citizens would make good their bargain, as the omnium had fallen two or three per cent, below par ? that his answer had been, 16Don ’ t be afraid; the citizeos of

London are men of good faith; they will not break their word, if the loan should link even ten per cent. " The event, he said,. proved his opinion of his fellow - citizens to be a just one, for every shilling of the deposits was regularly paid.

Mr. Ewersaid, as the honourable gentleman had so paiticu - Mr. lady alluded to him, he would trouble the House with a few words; but he felt himself in great difficulty how to explain the matter alluded to He declared, that at the time of the meeting with Lord North, to settle the terms of the loan, he verily believed no gentleman present had an. idea that the loan would bear any such. premium as was at present the market price 9 he was fore, they had, they would gladly have made a lower bargain; but that when he proposed the present terms, the noble losrd well knew they were by much the best for the public that Had been offered, and that most of the persons present thought them. too. disadvantageous on their parts. Indeed, when, a loan of i2, oooo, ooool. was to go tot encrease the funds in the full sum of 21, 000, 0001. it was hardly to be expected but they should finL immediately.

JVith regard to the lift, he. observed, that it took longer time to make out than former lifts, on account of the greater numberiof. subscribers; last year the number wad six hundred only, and this year it was fifteen hundred. The lift, however, was, he declared, sent to the Bank. on Friday evening.

Mr. Sheridan said, that an expressiori had dropped from the Mr. Sheri noble lord, which, to his surprise, had not been taken up by any gentleman. The noble lord had said, " he. believed it would be found that he had made more enemies than friends by the lift he had sent to the Bank as it served to make him believe that the noble lord was coming over to the opinion

L

4® PARLIAMENTARY A. 17814

monof an honourable friend of his, who had brought in a lull lately to regulate ? the civil establishment, and had am tended that taking away from the minister the power of W flowing great pecuniary emoluments by loans, &c. and of appointing to places irould strengthen the true and proper influence of the crown, remove a very heavy clog front the heel of government, and assist the progress of its operations#

By the noble lord’s complaining that the present loan had made him enemies, if his lordship was sincere inhis pcefcafc ' declaration, it would not be at all furp riling, if, in a few days, the noble lord should bring in a bill for aboiiftiing all those places, left, by keeping them up, and making enemies v ro government by them, he should destroy the influence of the - crown ! /

On the divisioa, the numbers were,

Ayes 106

Noes i 7

air. Ejxg. Mr. Byng then moved iC That there be laid before ' this House copies of all letters and lifts received by any of the commrflioriers, or either of the fee recaries of his Majesty’s treasury, from persons applying to become subscribers to dio % said loan, with the answerss feist thereto. " It passed in the negative without a division.

March 13.

- No debate.

M 14. vMr. Crewe. Mr. Crewe renewed his motion of lift session for leave to bring in a bill for disqualifying custom - house officers, and others therein deleribed, from vesting for members of Par -, ttament. Leave was given for bringing in the bill.

Sir P. J. Sir P. J. Qerke then moved the order of the day for the

citrke. House to resolve itself into a committee on the bill far d& qualifying contractors of a certain description from fitting in that House.

Lord Btsu - Lord Beauchamp obferVed, that the House had met incx < b mp. pedation of entering upon other bufinefc; that consequently if any debate should arise, the House would bedif ppoi $ ed. He therefore fubxnitted it to the honourable gentleman, whether it might not be as well to poftpoae the bill to another day

Sir P. 7. Sir P. J. Clerh said, if it was intended that his bill faeui1 6ietkt. meet its fate, it was very little matter how fbon it iecei edit$ and if gentlemen were inclined to have more taxes laid upon them, they would put off the order far going into hit bdft to

another

V

Am XjSl,

DEBATE S.

M *

another day : he had no objection to this, but he hoped that the noble Lord would lufficr his bi}l to live again In consequence of which the commitment of the bill was deferred till thearft.

T A X. E, The order of the day was then read lor going into a committee of supply. 1

Lord Northallured thq honourable baronet on the other Urd

fide of the House, that no gentleman in the committee could be more disinclined to bear the burthen of new taxes thad he was to impose them. It was a very irksome, a very difa - greeable, and in the present instance, when so large a ium was to be provided for, a somewhat difficult talk. But though it was irksome and disagreeable, it was necessary, and

it was his duty in that House. He had, however, the less to say on that head, the money being already borrowed, or bargained for, the annual interest of which was the provision which the proposed taxes was meant to procure.

Before he proceeded to submit the taxes to the consideration of the House, he begged to make - an observation or two on foine expressiops which came out in the course of the debate the last time he had the honour to address the committee. He was then asked, more than once, from the opposit# fide of the House, whether he intended to apply the annuities, which had fallen in at Christmas last, to make a provision for any part of the lean of the present year ? And it was added from the same quarter, " because if he did, it was " thought proper to remind him, tfiat it would be a mil ' application of the proper revenues designed to augment the u sinking fund, and of course would amount to a breach of u public faith; it would be diverting the monies properly u belonging to that fund to uses for which it was never in - u tended; it would defeat the very ends for which the fund li was first created and established; and it would be at the same time rendering the fecority of Jthofe who had lent " their money on the credit of that fund more doubtful and precarious. "

These objections deserved an answer, and he would give each of them the belt in his power.

The annuities which had fallen in amounted to 190, 000k add at the time he opened the terms of the loan to the committee, : he wished to feel the House whether or not, as far as that annual sum went, they would prefer it as a provision in part for the payment of the new annuities, or whether they would prefer new taxes to that amount.

PARLIAMENTARY

A. i •fi

As well as he could judge, the House feemvgl to prefer new taxes. If it was otherwise, he was mtftaken j - but as the Houib {hewed nodire£fc inclination to appropriate the annuities which nad; fallen in, he imagined he was well warranted in proposing new taxes in their Ace, and letting the old annnities go to augment the finkin und.

When he said this, however, he begged leave to be undo Rood as consulting the sense of the House, yet not altogether falling in with the ideas urged ' from‘gentlemen who declared themselves of this opinion. For although he acknowledged the propriety of doing every thing towards augmenting the produce O. f the sinking fund, because he foresaw that great and signai benefit might be derived from it by applying that produce tb the reduction of the national debt, hfc was far from acquiescing in the arguments urged ' in order to prove that the appliptioa of the xgrOjCOOl. towards the payment of the new annuities would amount to a breach of faith with the public creditors. He was clearly of a contrary opinion. He thought the public /editors had no demand whatever upon that sum, either di - red ! or implied. Certain persons had lent their money upony a perpetual and a temporary annuity; the latter had fallen in the former remained; consequently, whatever was defigrted for the payment of the temporary annuity reverted again ' to the public to make whatever use they might think proper of The use now made of it came clearly within that descriptioO, and the sinking fund might be employed to the most beneficial purposes fn lightening the public burthens. That was, however, at present, an object of mere speculation, not perhaps worthy the immediate attention of the House; but he mentioned it now, merely in the first place to shew that he did not think the public creditors had, any demand upon ttye aijfrraity thus fallen in, and likewise, though no operation of finance was now made upon that annuity, it was not because Parliament had no right, or could not with propriety take it and enrU ploy it to that purpose, but because it was not neeeflan *, and that new taxes, in the present instance, were preferred toit; for still, at any future period, Parliament were competent to apply it in the case of future exigencies, if they shourld thin ! proper so to do. ' '

He said that the application was aquestion of prudence and discretion, not of justice or of honour. It was by his attention to that question that he had resolved not to apply the FuA on the present occasion, and not because he thought that he had not a right to do so. It ' was different from the usual furoS accruing to the sinking fund, and whiph the policy of Parliament

m

XvjU DEBATE S.

ment would p£kfVe as the meatis of diminifiring and finally of extinguishing the capital. But the public would always think they bad a right to expect relief from new taxes, when a krgfc fam accrued by the extinction of a debt, or the expiration of a term. On the present occafljto, howevea, he did not rribrt to this sum; for at this time, though it might be cop&ftent with faith, and with justice and right, it might not be altogether confident with prudence and discretion.

His K > rdfii ( p reminded the commitee, that he had promised tn fuhmit to their conikieration efficient and substantial taxes, loch as had been tried and found to answer, and such, of course, as the public creditors might securely trust to; and also that they Should be general taxes to be raised upon the body « f the people at large, and upon the bcft of all funds, that of internal consumption. He meant too, that they should be so laid as to affect the luxuries, and avoid the conveniences and aduat noccfiaries of life as much as possible. In great operations ! when large sums were wanted for the exigencies of the daw, partial taxes, however promising, were precarious, because, whatever the object was on which the tax was laid, it anight perhaps be dispensed with; or if not, the promised produce greatly lcffened, indeed beyond all expectatfon. In general consumption it was the very reverse;. a few might re~ creactyfcut it would be ever a few. Besides, when the duty imposed was trivial, it removed all temptation, so that in considering the system of taxation, as a necessary evil, in a country like this, he should ever think that species of duties the best, which went to articles of general and internal consumption, and when they were not so heavy as to affect the commerce, nor so framed as to fall on particular descriptions of men He fhowJU then thirfk that the real principle and end of taxation wa reserved, that of its being equal and productive.

The first tax he said he would propose, was,

HAn additional five per cent. on the duties of, excepting

the brewery, bidesfifoapand candles"

By this he meant the nett produce, clear of all the expenses of collection, and every other expence and defalcation Whatever.

This was a duty which, by the experience of two years, wp knew to be productive; and by the effect which that tax had had in its operation, there was the most probable and convin - ring proof of its propriety. It had been borne by the subjectc without complaint; it had not, in any one article, dimihiftied file consumption; ‘ and it was, upon the whole, one of the

I i 2" most

PARLIAMENTARY A : 1781,

, mofteUgible, because it was ' Onc of the moflflseven and least jburthensome duties that could be laid.

i In the year 1779, he proposed a similar tax, and found that Jt was not only pnodu&ive but that it had been borne without inconvenience to any of the articles, or any of the subjects afr fe&ed by it; he should compute the present at the fame sum, though it might produce more; and experience had taught him that he was well warranted in doing so.

To explain what he meant it would be necessary for. him to go somewhat into detail. In the tax of 1779, beer, soap, candles and hides, had been exceptfed out of the tax of Jive per cent, because those taxes would be drawn chiefly from ( he lower and laborious orders of the people The 1 aft year he had proposed a tax upon the private brewery, or upon malt, used in the private brewery, of6jd per bushel, which, as far as he could learn, turned out extremely productive. He had likewise added a tax of five per cent on the produce of that : tax, so that beer brewed in the private brewery had two malt taxes up > n it, and the public malt - tax of 1779, amounted to fifteen per cent.

When this duty was laid two years ago, the brewery had been omjtted, and there were several reasons why it shouldftill be so. The committee would reflect, that he had already Hated that the several articles in the brewery bad been % bleto the additional duty. There had been five per cent, on the hops, five per cent On the fifteen penny malt, and five per cetjt. on the eight shilling beer j and he knew if he put even a fra&ion of a farthing on llrong beer, ( hat commodity would be raised an halfpenny, so that the tax must come immediately to the lip of the consumer, and that too in no proportion to the sum that would come into the public coffers. The two taxeaprhich he had mentioned affected ( he would allow in a small tf ree ) the Common brewer, but the low price of barley Enabled him to brew as good beer under the trifling encrease now, and a better than He could a few years back ( three or four ) before the ' additional duties were imposed; but supposing now ’ that. he should propose a tax only of half a crown or less a barrel, the brewer would probably raise the price to the consumer an halfpenny per pot, so that if a necessity should hereafter arise for laying an additional duty upon strong beer, the brewer would stand in the place of the state.

But that was not all 5 the brewer, if a small duty were im posed, would either raise the beer an halfpenny per pot, or he would effect his purpose in another, though a more indirect manner. At all events, as applying to the people, or as a mere matter of finance, he thpught it much better, as be bad done 4 m

A. i7 w DEBATES.

in 1779, to eijfernpt the ftr§ng beer out of the excites, to prevent either the commodity rom being of a worse kind, or in cate of a rife, to prevent the brewers from raising on the consumer what more properly belonged to the state; for upon computation it was found, that only one halfpenny per t pot would raise a sum no kfs than one million per annum from the people.

As to the duties upon candles, soap, and leather, he omitted them likewise : when the late five per cent, was laid on, they would certainly produce a very considerable sum; but here, as in the tax upon beer, he was cautious on two accounts : he wished that the general tax should press but as little as possible, where the objecto be taxed came within the description of the necessaries of life; but more particularly, when the duty imposed, be it ever so trifling, would be raised in a three or four - fold degree upon the consumer,

These were articles so necessary to manufacture, and which came immediately upon the poor; the additional duty on thete articles would produce a very small sum to the exchequer, but a duty would give a pretence for raising the price of the commodities to the purchaser. It had therefore been the policy of Parliament, ever since the reign of King William. to except these articles from additional duties. The whole duty on these articles would amount to no more than 32, 000 !. and for this sum the public would be taxed, no doubt, toa very considerable amount.

Upon those general ideas, as well as the particular reasons which he had mentj ged, he meant, with the consent of the committee; to cxetr beer, soap, leather, and candles, from the imposition of five per cent, meant to be laid upon all other excise&le commodities; and as this tax had been already "tried, and was found to be fully equal to the sums with which it had been charged t ) ie late year, he would in full confidence take it for the sum of orie hundred and fifty thousand pounds.

For the old five per cent, on all the duties of excise, excepting the articles which he had named, prodij -

ced - - - £. 185, 000

The five per cents that were laid on late year

amounted to ——— 40, 000

. 225, 000 JFrom which there were to dcdu& the five per cents. laid on fifteen penny malt, and which came to 75, 000

150, 000. bo

PARLIAMENTARY A. vjti.

So that the new additional duty f five per cent, would evidently and certainly produce 15 000 ! towards the Ann that was wanted.

The next object of taxation was the customs, ' which he Want likewise to compute at the net produce. When the five per cent, was imposed, fie look the gross receipt, which amounted to about two and a half per. cent. on the net receipt. Upon this point, though he did not‘find hmrfelf em - ba > raffed, he was afraid be should not be able to make hinfc - self fio perfectly undexilood as he copld wish, because the computations he should necessarily be obliged to make, would appear rather complex and intricate to the committee.

The net produce of the customs, after all deduftioas, drawbacks, &c. amounted to 2, 391, 665b Hesaid that are - formation was considered as necessary in the mode of collection of tta custom - house revenue. In its present form it was loaded with many difficulties and embarraifincrtts, and gave so much trouble both to the collectors, and to the merchants, that it had long been considered as a very necessary subject df reformation. - These difficulties arofefrom the variety of duties, subsidies, and impoffcs that had been laid from time to time, the many distinct beads on which every duty was to be coUe&ed, and also on account of the discounts which were allowed under various acts, and under various heads. So complex a fyilcm was it as to be liable to innumerable errors; indeed it was so much so, that the merchant, wh was to pay the dutief, hardly ., knew what he had a right to pay, jpr those who were to collect the duU what to charge. It was. such a complicated piece of mach®ry, that almost every thing concerning it was traofa&ed in the dark. If it win so under the eye of the board, it was Hill worse in the out > ports, where every thing led to confusion. A small error begat an hundred more, and there was more time loft In correcting the errors of others, than in transacting the real bu - finess. There were so many drawbacks, bounties, discounts, &c. that no one man could fairly say he was a mailer of the subjeffc; several attempts had been made to simpljfy this complex business, but in vain; much Hill depended upon chance, and great exertions of abilities and industry we recalled for, but they Scarcely ever proved successful. Many ingenious, men had turned their thoughts to it, and the difficulties of the collector were considerably removed by" the books of rates that had been published; yet they could not be depended, upon in all cases, though they certainly were

A. tjSft. DEBATES.

qC use in proving the truth of the work. Several plana had been thought of, to remove the inconveaieades in this spect. One wa l > y cohiolidating the customs, and reducing the several duties into one. Another mode that was thought. of was, by Amplifying the duties, and abolishing the dik. counts, which were the chief causes of the difficulties and err tors Such a plan he trusted would be thought of, and pre - fented to Parliament for their approbation. In the mean time he proposed, instead of laying an additional duty of five pier cent, oh the custoras, to propose, aa one of the duties for producing the annuity wanted,

Tafttike off and abolt/h the discounts in the cujhm *; this he -

iulattd to he equal to a duty of /even per

In the customs the discounts formed a very material object this was what principally he meant to make his operation upon.

This operation of finance, while its profeffed object was the raising a certain sum of money for the use of the state Would, he trusted, as a beginning, assist in Amplifying an abstruse study. It was a beginning; and he hoped, would prove an useful one; at all events it would tend to remove feme of the obstacles, and, he made no doubt, would, in the end, lead to something more clear and speciAc.

As he observed before, there was this duty paid—that Aim drawn back - this security given—that tax modified or iftr creased : this created fraChonswithout number; there were Ave eighths of four fifths, and so on. These were

again fpHt, compounded, and de - compounded, till the mind Was bewildered—tilbit was almost impofAble to know what to charge on one hand, or what to deduct out of that charge on the other. If any thing could add to this perplexity, it was the nature of the several duties, and the conditions on which they were imposed.

There Were the old and new fubAdy; the discounts,; there was the impost of 1690, in King William’s time; there were the duties of 1728, 1746, and 1759. There was, again, the application of those several duties to the different common dities which were the object of them : in short, he wanted words to convey the diffraction and confuAon such a variety of objeCfs occassioned. The discounts upon 2, 391. 665 b he calculated to produce 167, 416b which he said would taiount to about seven per cent, upon an average, of all the duties; an&he was inclined to take tfes, method in preference to any other, be < 5ause, whenever the plan was adopted for

Amplifying

by

PARLIAMENTARY A. < 781.

iimplifying thbfe duties, and introducing anewfyftem indie collection, this must be one of the branches of reform. Though the difeounts would amount to seven per cent. tipOn the whole, yet the commodities in general would utkleigh an addition of much less than that sum. It would not be; rie ceiTary for him to state the whole of the articles of custom - hbufe duties in order to convince the House, that this re - dri&ion of difeounts would produce the sum of 167, 0001. But he would state four articles which would give them a tuft idea of the whole, tobacco, sugar, wine and tea, were the commodities on which difeounts were principally allowed.

The discount upon sugar was two and a half. The discount upon teas was two and a half. Upon wines it was h 16 s. per ton, which was about eleven per cent, and thedtf - punt upon tobacco was seventeen per - cent, when bonded, and twenty per cent, prompt paySlenr. The average quantity of wine consumed in this kingdom in the year, was 15, 000 tons, the discount on which would produce 72, 000 !. Thfe quantity of tobacco consumed was 8, 500, 0001b. the discount On which would produce 49, 2831. The quantity of tea was

5, 000, 000; but here the ditcouj L as an object of taxation, was very trifling, on account of thSRbther allowances made tothfc East - India Company, which it was not his wish to discontinue.

The quantity of sugar consumed was 1, 400, 000 cwt. and the discount on that, he said, was 13, 125 !. Upon the whole1, therefore, he stated, that the cHfcounts on the custom - hOme duties would bring in the fuqi of £. 174, 991 o ' o

Which was a sum of - 7 > 575 0 0

Above the sum of - 167, 416 o 0

which was what he had taken them at in his calculation towards the annuity. He said that the merchflttl would not perhaps wish to purchase an exemption from the embarrass - ments of the difeounts at so deai rate as seven per cent, but When it was debated between a new duty upon all the articles of the customs, and the abolition of the present difeounts, they would most chearfully acquiesce.

These were specific taxes, as to the articles he had particularly pointed out, and general ones upon such as he bad omitted to ( pecify. Among those articles which would feel the seven per cent, but still would bear more, was tobacco.

The quantity of tobacco for the home consumption was, as he had observfd before, eight million live hundifed tho sand *

pounds. - - - The duty imposed by taking away the discount,

would

i Ktfiu DEBATES.

would account to one penny and f ir - tenths of a peony. Tobacco, before the breaking out of the late war, was from tcnrpence halfpenny to a shilling, he would suppose a Ihil - } ling; what with the troubles in America, the high premium,

| insurance, and the general risk consequent on a Hate of war,

; tobacco rose to three shillings per pound, and after feveraj variations, the price was fixed at twenty - pence; a paper on the table would shew, that notwithstanding this extraordini jy rife, the consumption had not decreased.

As to the discount on wines, we ought to consider that when the duty of 4I. per tun, or a penny per quart, was laid on wines two years ago, the trader laid sixpence upon the container. This was a very exorbitant increase, and one penny more yvas laid on the bottle. It wais now thought that a penny more might be laid, without giving the tavern - keep - ers any pretensions to make another advance. It was making an equal partition of the sixpence which had been laid tjpon the subject between the exchequer on the one part, and between the importer and the tavern - keeper on the other. This he considered as a duty, therefore, that would not comp With any additional weight o he subject. There were two eircupritances to be observecMphefe difeounts, with respect to the East India Compan hey had two difeounts that were peculiar themselves : one was on account of the ex - rpqcc of the long voyage, and the other on account of prompt wphCnt. ' It was not his intention to abolish their difeounts, out a, provision as necessary an < Ljuft, that the discount for. ptompt payment should take plsrce only when the payment W&prompt. It so happened, that through a custom very injurious to the revenue, and which certainly was contrary to the idea of the House when they admitted that discount they; did noflfcke their payment till nine mouths after the conclusion Keir sale. Inllead of this, he wished to allow theprompt payment discou A under a provision of their pay - jQg the duties three month wter the conclusion of their sale.

| This he believed the company wTould not consider as a hard. or improper regulation. There was also a regulation which kc - wished to establish on the article of tobacco The dif - cownt. pow was seventeen per cent, on tobacco when it wan tended, and twenty when prompt payment. There were threej modes of settling the duty. The first was paying the ( jnpncydown, but this was very little practised. The fecoqd into. a bond for fifteen months, and placing th wKacco in a warehouse for exportation, the key of which ' was kept by the officer; and if any was taken out for home I Vol. Ii. K k con -

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

' Consumption, then the duty was paid upon it. The third was to entpr into triple bonds to pay the duty in eighteen months, and to take the tobacco home. This was a m th d injurious to the revenue, and had, in the case of a Brown, cost the revenue upwards of 24, 0001. He therefore ( wished to establish the bond for fifteen months, and placing the commodity under the key of the custom - house, as the only method of collecting the duty. It would be the surest for the revenue as well as the be ( L From what he had thus dated, he presumed his next bSjtCt would be found an eligible subject of taxation, it was. An additional duty of one penny three farthings upon the pound of to.

If he knew what luxury was, tobacco came withiji that description; it could not be considered at all as a necessary of life; and if a luJ rry, it was. one of a very particular nature, it was ufedchieflv by the common people.

The r « Ton w y he had laid just the sum of one penny three farthings per pound, was, that the old duties amounted to eight pence three farthings, and with this addition the whole duty would ' now amount to ten ponce halfpenny. By this means the additional dtffelaid this year, by linking 0IF the discount, and by layflvon the above sum, would amount to three pence farthing, or hardly so much, fotne - thing more than three pence, and less than tlffee pened farthing. The discount taken off was i5 sd. Afarthing rps only 50, so that the whole of the new duty was - some it lets than three pence farthing. It would produce the sum of 61, 875I. The circumstances that he had Hated of the great increase in the price that had been suffered without aayde - crease of the consumption, would be the best recommenda - tion of the tax proposed.

He now came to a duty which he said he exceedingly loth to propose; it was by faj he most ii ible, because it would be the most burthenft pi of any of them; but it was a tax which had been often in contemplation, and whenever a very large sum was wanted, was looked up to as &efureft means ofj > rocuring it : A duty of fourshillings and per civt. or % tehalfpenny per pound on

The quantity of sugar continued in this country, upon an average of test years, was 1, 464, 549 cwt. To be fore tile quantity on the average of the last five years was rather Id’s than that; but this declension Was owing solely to thgjofs Of the islands Grenada, St. Vincent ’ s, and DominicafPfend it would be easily seen, on a comparative state of the cprffqinp - 1 <, jtion,

JL1781",

DEB A

E S.

tion, before we possessed those islands, and since we possessed them, that the consumption has considerably increased. —in the period between 1745 and 1750,

The quantity consumed irr this country, upon an Cuv.

average, was — ', — 838, 619

From 1750 to 1755, ‘ — — 960, 328

In the period, from 1770 to 1775, — 1, 767, 161

From 1775 to 1780, — — 1, 434, 11 z

By this it would be percei d, that the consumption was very much Upon the increw, and that too, although the commodity Bad very much advanced in price; it had borne a gradual rife since the year 1728, in which it was 2I. 4s. lod. per cent. In the year 1747, a duty of is. 6d. was laid upon it; and in the year 1750, it was 2I. 7 per cent, and it went on gradually rising and falling till me troubles commenced, and the Iofs of our islands mad t rifqjp fifty - six shillings. In all this time there was a clSr and olitive in - crease of consumption, which only had been flopped by the Iofs,. of our islands; he therefore considered it as an eligible subject for a tax, since it had been dearly proved, that the ! public could bear the duty, -. mthey had suffered a higher price than what would be laiSbpon them now by the increase of the duty. He was satisfied that this tax would - not at all the planter, if it did, he should consider it as a good rWbn against it, especially after the tate melancholy event in t c West - Indies.

Hesaid, that by the late conOeflions in favour of Ireland, k would be necessary that an equal duty should be laid upon the article there, for that was the provision of their new trade.

This dutjMvould produce the sum of 326, 000 !.

So that thefPbs to he raised were an additional five

per cent, on the duties of excise, excepting the £.

• brewery, soap, hides, ai®candles - 150, 000

The abolition of all the difeounts on the customs 167, 000 A dutit of one penny three farthings per lb. on to -

61, 000

A duty oft fogr shillings and eight - pence on the cwt. or one halfpenny on the lb. sugar — 326, 000

nnuity to be raised was

704. 000

660. 000

So ' that there was a futplus of — £• 44, 000

To make up for arty deficiencies that there might be in any of

K k 2 the

5 *

X

5 PARLIAMENTARY

the Turns which he had taken them at. The nohle lord Aid that he should be under the necessity, on account of the man j ner in which the loan had been raised, to come to the ing fund, and as there would be a deficiency for the first quarter on accour of the funds taking place before the taxes, to apply the 190, 0001. accruing to that fund, towirdl that deficiency. This was only a matter of form, and wouM prevent his application to the House next year for a sum tb defray the deficiencies that attft arise for the fifft quarter The noble lord now concludecnvith saying, th0$ he was very much fatigued with having gone fb largely into the bufinel ' s, and with moving the first refblqti on : a

That towards the supply granted to his Majesty, the sum of five per cflflt. additional duty be granted on all the duties of excilep xcepting the brewery, soap, hides, and candles, uythat i t of Great - Britain called England,

Bunbur Sir Ch s Bummrylaid, that he thought it much more ad

ury ' vifeable to Lay three farthings upon the sugar in place of the, duties of excise, because it was pretty certain that the duty of a halfpenny would induce the trader to make the confb mtr pay an advance of a penny, and a duty of three farthings would not tempt Him to lay more, pel. Barr/ Colonel Barr6rofe, not so much to make observations ©ft the proposed ways and means, as to give his opinion on the loanitfelf, not having an opportunity ornthe day the budget was opened. The burthens the nation already laboured tin der, required the strictest ceconomy, and ought to be the Jfirft qbject of the minister; instead of which the bargains huriy made appeared to him to be enormous, and might have Bwh done ofi lower term |. He contrafted the conduct of the ho - $ bledord with that ofMr. Neckar, the minister of France, whose plan of ceconomy was worthy imitation. Th&Mttr - nifler l d lopt off a great number of unneccffifry ' pWee *; fend he had made a declaration ( which was in print, and tireukl soon be known to all the world ) that if he should be fotrtd to dispose. of any pensions, or other favorsof his partial manner, he should think himself undeserving of the ' place he held. This measure he recommended to the noWc lord to follow, for be was certain many people Mrei emptey - ed in public offices who had very large salaries and very little labour, as appeared from the reports which had been delivered in by the commissieaers of accounts; for they fcadfetd tffat. some attended three days, some two, and others only one day in a week. These commissioners had done feme gsfcid,

it ? ® *.

D E BATES.

53

od might probably do more; but though he doubted not but that the _ y were all men of character and of knowledge, yet bn the act they were so crippled that they could not probe ( o tmnutely into some matters as might be wished. He owned birfifclf exceedingly hurt, however, they were not choice out of that House, as surely mcmb Fwho had given their attendance there must be supposed to be more competent to a talk of that nature, than those out of it. And at the same time it was inconiiftent with the duty which they owed to their condiments to make cnbice of men out of that House to correal and superintend the public revenue. v

0 One of those gentlemen, on whom he passed great encomiums, as a man and an officer, he humbly conceived, would have been more properly employed in the service of his country. He wondered the noble lord had w6t taken notice of the news of the day; that news was undoubtedly of a very Mattering nature, but it might be folloprli witlKvhat ®i£ht - disgrace the nation, an ignominious peace. He hoped,. when - ever the time came for terms being offered, if weihould be ib happy as to have an offer, that no terms would be accepted without laying them before that House, and have their concurrence after full inveffigation. This he deemed the ' oft cenftitutional way of settling grievances with foreign powers.

Mr. Harrison commented on the deplorable iituation of the Mr. Hani nation, which was in a great degree owing to the American/ *. war, a war which had been unwifdy ( to say theheft of it )

JMered into; for he thought that the cause of the other wers arming against us. '

Mr. Duncambeexpressed hi di ( approbation of the measures Mr. Dim *

Jpnrfued by the prel ' ent men in power; his condiments did cmk *. lnot approve of them; he did not approve, and Ihould consequently oppose them. ' W

Mr. Roberts said, that on every occasion gentlemen run Mr.

% ide 6f die matter before them, as if there was not ' field tnoqgh for them without going to America, - that they might - Ihefeby have an opportunity to abuse the minifUrs; in feis opinion, the war with America was a just one, and that. if any difietid ' action appeared in the people, itwas not from What the minister had done, but from fa&ioos notions being inftdltd by those who called themselves republicans. Some Of that complexion were now no more, but they hatHeft > thoie behindfthem who were determined to follow their steps9 fake notions into the people, abuse ministers, right or

• Tbc capture Eustatia.

254

' Mr.

bridge.

t

Lori Worth *

Mr. Smw bridge *

V

w V

I

PARLIAMENTARY

v

wrong, and that only because they would be popular, by destroying unanimity in that House.

Mr. Sawbridge knew not what the honourable gentleman ' s

idea of a republican might be, but if he could form any opinion of it, he not oj K acknowledged his being one, but gloried in it. Our conOTution was happily so framed as to have a delegated king ( or call him by any other name, he cartel not what ) who could not ( and he was confident would not if hncould ) a&in in arbitrary manner; he had as he ought, thJSappiness of his subjects principally at heart, and would not take any step without the concurrence of the other branches of the legislature. In regard to thre loan, he was convince the money might have been proceed at a more reasonable rate; but the noble lord did not stay for any proposition from the lenders, but went into the room where they were, told. them what money he wanted, and what terms he meant to give, which he said he would bring evidence to prove was one and a half in value of long annuities more than has appeared in the public prints. [ Here a cry of No, no; but Mr. Saw - bridge infilled it was so, from the information he had. ] Perhaps at some future period it might happen ( the age was too virtuous for it to happen in thefedays ) that a member of Parliament might go with the first lord of the treasury behind the speaker’s chair, and promiie t support him on all occasions, if he would let him subscribe io, ooool. to the loan; if this was agreed to, which it probably would, the minister would secure a vote, the member gain iooool. " and cpnscience €€ then avaunt. " For his part he should never partd& of the benefits arising from a loan, nor should he vote f < i lingle shilling till the grievances of the people were redressed; it was the express instructions of his constituents; that he esteemed as their command; and by that he would be guided.

. Lo dtjflortbflatly denied what h d been alledged by the ho -

nourable gentleman, as to the long annuities : he was well assured, if he would produce the evidence he spoke of to ttyt bar, he should be able to convince him that his informant was mistaken. Other proposals were made, it is true, but not of the nature flated by the last speaker.

Mr. Sawbridge answered, he was not present at that meet -

ing, but received his information from one that was; if therefore it was a mistake, it could not tend to impeach his veracity, as he did not pretend to speak frdm his own knowledge. However, the noble lord had owned, that he had made proposals to the lenders, which he thought an imprudent step; because, when men come to lend their money,

$ they

A. 1781. DEBATES. 155.

they ought to make their proposals, which would have given the noble lord an opportunity of knowing, whether what he had formed in his own mind, or that given in by them, was most advantageous.

General Smithobje&ed to that part which compelled the Gen.

East - India company to pay the duty on their 1 ' ales in three months after the sale; the sum very considerable, and [ the Company might probably be under great difficulties to raise it in that time; and surely the interest of the money for six months was not a consideration for Parliament todkn - ' pel them to pay. it in a less time than has b, een the uiual £uftom. ‘ '

Sir Harry Houghton expressed his surprize that an honour - sir able gentleman who had {poke lately [ Mr. Sawbridge ] should talk of the commands of his constituents; if he was implicitly to follow the inclinations of those who sent him thither, he could not be said to be a free mao; he whs fettered, and could not come under the description of giving his countenance to any measure with that freedom which it behoved every member of that House to do. He called it an abje& state for any gentleman, and such a one as no member of

’ that House ought to accede to.

Mr. bmvbridge said, that he came there to do the business Mr. of his constituents, not his om; he feorned the idea of being in ao abjc& situation. Hr received no favors from mi nifiers; and he believed his conduct in Parliament would be found as steady, uninterested, and unimpeached as any in the House.

4 Sir Harry Houghton replied, that the honourable gentleman sir ought not to blame him for making use of the words &c. they were his own words, therefore there could be no impropriety in repeating them. For his own part, he should always give his vote according to his real fentimjftc, not without confuting the opinion of his constituents, mfving an ye to what would tend, in his opinion, to the advantage of the whole body of electors in the kingdom Mr. Burke said, that he could not forbear rising to suppost Mr. his honourable friend [ Mr. Sawbridge ] whom he knew to be as firm and uninfluenced a member as any within those walls. It was no wonder he should follow the instructions of his electors, when it was known to every gentleman who had heard him speak in that House, that he at all times avowed himself a warm advocate so the rights and privileges of the people.

Different

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Different men felt differently on this subject, and though he differed vety essentiatty from geatlemeo upon it, Je fcotild not censure any person for concurring with the feagg - ments of their constituents/ Having got on his kgs for t ) purpose of vindicating his friend, he could not fit down without doing jofftce to the noble lord in the blue ribbon, ' for having laid the taxes cm eh articles as would prove the lcpft hurthfcflfoffte of any which in his opinion could have beeu pfQDOfed.

| e questiott was now put, and the federal resolutions read anaagreed to.

March 15.

The following paper was laid before the House

Bank ofEng land, 14, 17B. 1.

A LtSTof PERSONS tubo fmbfirtbed tin LOAN of 12, 000, 003,

Wa ' Je in this SESSION of P ARLIA, Specifying the Sam flebferibedfor by each Per fan.

Jofejrii Alder Alexander Anderson John Antrobus John Author

WILLIAM Ellis AgarBodo Christ. Aektnfon 10000 Messrs. Adams 20000

Sir Charles Afgill and Co. 15000 Anderson and D. ividson 200 < J. Aullin. Anderson and Richardson Francis Alien

Amyand, 0{borne, audCo. 10000 John Allen John L. And : e aoooo

Nicholas Asheton ' 4O00

Agaffiz and Rougemont 2000 Thomas Allan 12000

' Davrd Andre - 5000

William Adams - 5000

Paul Amfinck - 5000

Peter Alevoine. - 5000

E. Armfh - ong - 1000

: R. Arbuthnot - 1000

Henry Arnold - 10000

William Allere - 2000

Henry Amfinck - 1000

' Agace and Wallace 1000

J. J. Appach - 1000

’ P. T. Adams - 1000

William Aldersey 1000

Rev. James Adams 500

Doctor Jof. Alien 500

Jqhn Allen 7000

J. Jul. A igerfteih Adair and Bullock Michael Adolphus John Adair Sir Joftph Andrews Roger Altham William Thornton Aftell William Andrews Thomas Achmpty

1006

IOOOO

1060

1000

5000

5000

3000

3600

5do

500

500

2000

xoooo

aoooo

Thomas Ayliffe - 60O0

Governor and Directors of the Bank - 400060

Biddulph and Cocks 4oooo John Bridges - 2060

Charles Brietzecke 3000

Boulton and Forthergill, 0000 John Bake# ' toqo Daniel Booth - 30000

Bewike and Mofgue 5600 Anthony Bacon icdoo

fir.

Ifr. BodocR - -

B. Braithwaite - Briftel Bank TfiMnas Brookfbank

H. Bdldcro and Co. Ytttr Burgeft Matthew Brkkdale &Thtrafo9 Bur foot jE. 6. Boldero

DEBATE *.

IOOOO

3000

000

fOOPO

60000

5000

10000

8000

20000

ioooo©

60000

ioooo

Jdbn Boddington Brown and Collinfon George Bryan.

BaflHe, Bent ram, and Co. 5000 CEafles Bembridge 3000

Henry. Biggs - ipoo

John Boldero - and Co. 60000

Jarties and Jonathan Backhouse 5000

Sir Charles ' Blunt 1000

John and Francis Barings 66000 Ljrde Brown - 4000

Robert Bogle - 4000

Patrick Brydone 5000

ftjnes Brooke ioooo

Bfotfhew Brittingham 3000 TEomas Barclay and son 3000 fofcfr Bindley vjun.

Berwick Alexander Baxter C&‘S. Blackwell SirCeorge Baker

R. P. Beachcroft Bright, Baitlie and Co.

Mrs. Bathurst Thomas Brin dead Jacob Bosanquet Br. James Tterkenhout Bsfclay, Sevan, and Co.

George Blount Thomas Barton Baynes, Wood, and Co.

John Baird

Jdfiih Barnard WRKam Baynes foies Barit Eliza Bradshaw Edmund Boehm tones Bindley mods Baring Vot. II.

ioooo

2000

140000

10000

2000

3000

5000

4000

3000

15000

IOOOO

60000

3000

IOOOO

2000

3000

10000

3000

1000

20CO

15000

2000

- 50000

Char. Broughton William Burrell Pierce Bryan Thomas Browne William Bythefea Henry Buck Rtcbprd Brunton Thomas Bland Edward Bull John Bannin Charles Pyid Bart Pynfoo Bonham Gerard Backus Samuel Bonham John Brown Richard Brounsworth Thomas Barke Richard Baker George Baker John Barnard ' Richard Bowen Brown Bates J. Ralph Battler -

John Balftiier " -

Henry Burmeftef jpenry BaltfWin w

John Barrow 1

Thomas Burne - ‘ William Blake Isaac Buxton and Co. John Baker

John Barron - —. Beach and Plumer Charles Bed —

J. and T. Buttal George Brown

}ohii Beckett —

amcs Burn —

John Barnei —1

Joseph Berdmore John Barton —

William Barnard Thomas Burchett Peter Brown —

John Burr —

Timothy Bevan Dan tel Bell —

Kympe Bridges

James Bureau r —

LI

300a

5000

500Q

2000

IOOOO

509

5 00 5000 50a

™oo

590

1. 000

IOOOO

2000

4090. 2000 2 poo ' IOOOO 2000 506 1009

5 °

2000

1009

25000

: 300b

2000

4000

IOOOO

500

1000

500

IOOOO

loop - ' 500 4000 1000 TOGO 2000 7000 4P00 500 500

IOOOO

IOOOO

2000

12000

John

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

John Bricknell - 30000

Edtoard Blackdny - 2000

Charles Boone - 13000

Edward Boodle - 3060

James Brown - 1 - 33000

George Butler - 13000

Thomas Buckley 35000

Anna Blackburn.. - 2000

•tamp Brookfbank 5000

John Bell — 0000

Richard Buller - xcoooo

T. Boaz ., 10000

John Bush. — 2000

Benjamin Brammel 5000

William Baker 1000

John Baker — 2000

THomas Bopne - 5000

Mrs, Barwflle - « $000

Batson and Co. - 60000

William Bar. " « 5000

William B/yer — 1000

John Blackhurn - 10000

Rifshopp apd Co# 2000O

James BowJ a — - 3000

Gregory Bateiqan 5000

Henry Barjvell ' % 5000

James Baovell - 5000

Richard Harwell. .. r 15000

J. Boldero, jun. 10000

Thomas Bifshopp ioooo

Burton, Forbetu&Gregory 35000 Brickdale and Co# xoooo

William Beverley 8000

Gibbs Crawford - 3000

Messrs. Cr. ofts and Co. 240000 James Crawford 2©oop

IVG. Crawford 1000

W# Cunningham 5000

Clarke and Milligan 3000 J# H. and F# Caaenove and Co. - 10000

Laurence Cox - 10000

John Cooper. — 15000

Cox, Mair, and Cox 10000

Chambers, felercy, and Co. 8000 Caftells and Wheatley 100000 Coutts and Cp. - 140000

iohn Catof. 10000

Jx# W Crompton 1000

Currie, Lefevre and Co. 2POQO

Cazalet and Cooke, ‘ 200#

Matthew Chalie

John Chalie — « 009

Matthew Carrett. m

Peter Cazalett m two

John Courtoy. r - 5900

Thomas Cheap 25090

Thomas Colborne : mop

L. Copynham 10000

Benjamin Collins jjQQQ

Richard Clay j 2090

John Crofiex - 1000

James Crane —7 - ' 2000

Richard Chapman v 2000

J. Courtenay IOQ00

Josiah Corthine 2000 JTT '

John Charlton - 2000

Edgar Currie < 2000

T. Chamberlaine 3900

W. Chamberlay nc \ < t $900

J. Collin and Son 12000

General Carpenter £090

William Colborne IpOO

G. Chamberlayne % QQp

Emer. Cornwall mk - 20#p0

T. Collingwood.

James Chapman - 1099

John Cleverly - 19000

Dr. W. Cadogan 5 - 1000

Peregrine Cull 70000

George Crauford 18900

Richard Carter r# 10000

John Crauford - 10000

George Cherry - 5000

Felix Calvert 5000

T. Chalmers loop

William Collier — Sco

F. and T. Creuze 1QCO

Richard Curfpn \. £oo

Jofiph Colt man. - - 10Q0

A Cheatham £09

Benjamin Qole — 1000

Francis Chalie — 1000

John Campbell — 500

John Coopfe — 1000

Cape ! Cure — 2000

Maurice Carr — ». I OOP

Peter Chert/ —• 4060

William

A, 1781,

D E~B A : T E S.

William Ccaufurd - 1000

William Campbell - 1000

Thomas Cadell - 500

Ad.. John Campbell - 500

George Charles -. 500

JohjrClarke. \ - 6000

William Cobb - 1000

- Fet r Ca ft ell franc - 50O

Alexander Cobham - 1000

Thomas Cracroft - ipoo

George Chapman 500

Jehfi Couin 5000

fc&a Crantrc 500

»; Chandler 1000

Thomas Cole - 500

Thomas Colling wood - 3000

James Christie - 2000

Harry Clarke 500

Thomas Compton - 1000

William Compton - $ « q

Snotford Canning - - 3000 William Clarke - 1000

Gtn. J. Caillaud - 3000

Heary Cameron - 15000

John Campbell - 13000

Thomas Carter 6000

TohnCockell - 30000

tHir. Craig - 3000

William Craggs 2 5000

Giles Colli ns 2000

Hugh Di# - - aoooo

George Dewar - - - xoooo

Moles de Paiba - 2000

Wttyiam Denison - ' 5000

Richard Davenport - 3000

Alexander Duncan - 5000

John Darby - 5000

Robert Dent - 500000

Charles Wentworth Dilkie 3000 Cornelius Denne - 20000

Heary and Duncan David fan

- ' X500Q

Joseph Denison - 60000

John Dickson - - 3000

John Devayoes 5000

William Duncan - > 0000

Benjamin D ' Aguilar - 2000

David and Han. D ’ Aguilar4000 Ad. Drummond 20000

LII

5

S ° < W

3000

Alexander Douglas - 2000

H. P. Davies - 6000

Lord Denbigh - 10000

Davies, Strachan, and Co. 6000 William Davidson - 5000

Davies and Prothero - aoooo John Dorriea - xoooof

John Dawes. - 1000b

Dimdale and Clay Sir J. Duntze, Bart.

Charles Daibiac John Duval & Sons,. & Co. 8000 De Drufina and Richtei; 10000 James Dalbaic, jun. - 2000

James Daibiac - - 2000

Sir Edward Dering 10000

Francis Dapier - - 5000

Edward Sc Robert Darell 10000

Baron Dimfdale - John Durand Daniel de St.. Leu

Joseph Delafield - John Duffia

S. De Medina Joseph Mendes da Costi James Duberley - 4000

James Dunlop 4000

Philip Denoyer 500

Charles Dumbletpn - aoooo Richard Devins - 500

William Dearfley, jun. 1000

Robert and Richard Dixon 500 John Rpfs Drewe - 300

Abraham Mocattsde Mattoa 2000 Joseph de Pinto - 3000

Robert Down - aoooo Sir John Dick, Bart. 6000

John Dingwall 3000

Robert Drummond & Co. 84000 John Dunlop - 6000

William Devaynes - 500

William Ewer 18000

Sir Arch, Edmonstone, Bart.

IPooq

Isaac Ekon $000

Sir James Efdaile Sc Co. 10000

Thomas Eden and Co yoooo

Grey Elliot -. 2000

Sir Henry Etherington xoooo

t Samuol

xoooo

xoooo

r6oo

500

500

1000

1000

C

P A R L t A M titK T A R Y A

Stftfuel Endefby - 1000

John Elderton 1000

William Elliott - 6000

Gavin Elliott - 1000

Sir John ' Elliot 8000

Francis Eyre 10000

Thomas Ewer - 11000

Arthnr Edie ‘ I00O0

rs of the East India

> mpany - 320060

Hlliam Edwards 3060

Thomas Ellis - 3000

George Evans 1000

Thomas Earner « 1000

William Elliot - 506

Kn Egerton - 300

hard Ellington - 2060

Writer Ewet - 300

Thomas Everett ♦ 4000

John Edwards - 300

Witt. Edwards, jun. Esq. 47000 Richard Edwards - 3000

Fountain Elwiir 3000

George Field 3000

George Fieldj jhn. 5000

Guthbert Fisher, v 5O60

Raphael Franco 35000

Tttomas Fitzherbert 10000

Stephen and Refe Fuller 8006 J. Bogle French 8000

Peter Feflor - 8000

J. M. Fe&or 4000

William Field - 16600

Richard Fuller 60000

Anthony Forman• '

Simon Frafer -

Thomas Feno - 5006

Richard Forman 1000

Joseph Faikney - rood

Lord Falmouth 10000

Sir Charles Frederick 10000

Henry Fowler - 3000

William Fuller and Sons 4000 William Faquier, jun. 1000 Nathaniel Parker Forth 36006 Thorhas Farrer - J0O6

Oliver Farrer - 3060

J. Farquharson - 10000

Charles Fergqfon 3006

Honourable Henry Fane iocoo

1000

10000

32

James Fitter w 300b Simon Frafer siedh

Thomas Fullwood ^ tdflb

John Frafer John Finch '

George Field, jun.

Keene Fitzgerald * 5 0

Etnanuel Fernandes t5dh

John Field —✓ ’ - r > b

Johrt Fryer - - Mpo

Sir J. Frederick - dtfnd

Nathaniel French - $666

Michael Fovaux, for A. Mttrifct 6066

George Harkfen 6bb

Samuel Gift ioioo Daniel Giles 36060

RiOhard Gurney $s6d

Meffi. Graham 46o6

George Trenchafd Gobdettoogh ’ 3060

Jonathan Green - 2066

Gornell, Hoare, &Oo. - 560060 Andrew Girardoty June tooood

Edward Greathed 3600

Isaac GolTet - 2600

Alexander Gray - 20600

William Gill ' 4006

George Graham - 20006

Robert & Francis Gofiing ' doebd Thomas Gleed - V i6bd

Rea - i John Goliglilrtey 300d

Juifiies George r - iot > 6 BaVrd Granada - < 6006

Sir Charles Gould John Glassford 3006

Captain Greeme - aood

Robert Grant 66bd

Gam. Gydd * ado0

Joftiua Glover -. -. 2006 Dr. William Grant 3000

Greenwood & Gigginfon 12000 Peter GaHflerr rooded

George G art home - 10006

Paul Greathed t flood William Gregson tooood

William Gardner ' food

John Gurney - 8000

Bartlett Gurney 8006

John Garder - 5000

Greathed

i ) Uh

D E / A Tr E

Greatked and '. Kinder Edtfnrd Gillyat. -

Dr. William Garros ? William Gray Thomas Gmenough Grains and Walford John Gaffed

Gibson and Johnfim John Vincent Gandolft Thomas Gibson Andrew Gray - Law. Gilfoa - - WsUiara Green John Greenfide f. Geohegan William Gray Thomas Gibson fofeph Gomperty William Gilbee David Godfrey William G willam Gray assd Freeman John Goodall Edward Golding John Godfrey Thomas Gibbons Richard Gibson John Bernard Gilpin Alexander Gordon - Robert Grant Robert - Hunter iofiah Holford John Hyndman

Thomas Hatchkin Giles Hudson Harris, Harris and Scott Edmond Halliday Thomas Hankey John Hillman A. F. Haldimand a Sir J Henniker John Harrison Daniel Hobfen

Sir Robert Henries Denis Herbert Halifax, Mills, and Cot Sir A. Hammond Henry Hunter. < Bartholomew Hubert

soon

IOOOO

IO0O

IOOOO

2006

foeo

ioeo

500

10O0

MOO 200# rood 2000 1000 3000 4000 1000 2000 2000 1000, so® 2000 2000 2000 5000 3 5000 15000 6000 3000 5000 3000 5OOOO

10000 6000 3000 60000 1000 5000 20006 8006 25000 100000 1006 60000 8000 4000 3000

Hodfall and Mitchel ) John Hilderfden - ' J. Heming Thomas Hey - Thomas Hallifax George Herbert Thomas Hudson Walter Horten Benjamin Hallowell Thomas Harris George Hutchiofon John Hankey Stephen Hough John HaUiday Thomas Hake Michael Harries John Hunter Htfrben, Flight and Go. Peter Hammond Thomas Holroyd William Headerson James Ho&ltine William Hedgfon William Hall. -

Nathaniel Hodges Marm. Horton Arthur Hammond M. Cope Hopton Alexander Hunter Moses Hadfield William Harrison Samuel Harrison Stephen Hall John Hallett John Halliburton MefTrs. Hanfons John Hingeftone Daniel Hobson Francis Hayward Richard Hay

John Hayward George Homing, jun John Howard John S. Horton

Alexander Hamilton Charles Hawkins William Hamilton David Harvey - George Harvey, "

3000

6000 3000

2O0P

2000

2Od0

2000

20000

1000b

5000

5000

40000

800b

2000

500

1000

1000

500

2000

IOOOO

2000

50b

2000

1000

2000

2000

2000

2000

IOOOO

2000

IOOOO

2000

500

~ ° ° 500 IOOOO

iboo

1000

2006

560

500

IOOOO

1000

Thomas

afa

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 178b

6000

33000

2000

5000

4000

IOOOO

Thomas Hogarth 1000

William Hammond, fen 2000 Charles Harris —• 2000

William Heald - 40000

Col. Narhaniel Heywood 3006 H. Holland, jun.

Alexander Hope John Ingram, •—

Charles Jaekfoti William Jones Adam Jellicoe —

Sir William James, Bart. 100000 Thomas James - loooo

and J. Jamit - 1000

ones, Harrard and Jones 20000 ames Johnson 2000

icbard James 4000

illiam Jackson - 5000

General Johniton - 4000

James Jones — 5000

George Jones — 1000

George Poo — 1000

Joseph Jones — 3000

James Jackson — 1000

Jenkin Jones — 5000

George Jackson toooo

Thomas Johnies - 10000

Henry Jones — 10000

William Jones — 15000

William Jones — - 2000

John Wingate Jennings 2000

Cuthbert Johnson - 2000

Joseph Jowett, — 1000

John Jones — 3000

George Jeffery — 500

Griffith Jones — 1000

Godfchail Johnson 1000

John KirvVan - roooo

Roger Kerrifon 20000

Khuff and Co. — 3006

Kops and Coufemtkers 5000

John Kenrick 10000

Thomas Keere — 4000

Kinlock and Hogg - 5000

Thomas Kelfall * 2000

William Killett •, 1C00

Redmond Kelly - 2000

William Knox v— 10006

Kerf, Pope, ' Dyson, and Co. — 18000

Robert Knox; - J. F. Kern - — Henry Keene — - :

Jame Kerr —"

Benjamin Kenton ' 1 Godfrey Kettle T - Charles Keightley

roooo iodd 366 8006 1006

13606

J. D. Lucadou and Co. roooo £lias Lindo ' 5006

» Lirefey — roooo Robert Ledlie — 3000

Liotard Cazenove and Co toooo J. Martin Leake - 8006 John Lamb — Joooo Warren Lisle — roooo Longdaleand Son 6000

G. J. Liebenrood - roooo

P. Robert Luard - 1000

Lee, Ay ton, and Co. 660O Ladbroke, Rtwlinfon, and Co;

—— > 60000

Leffie, Grove, and Co. 8000 Langston, Pol hill, and Co. 25000 London Affix ranee Office Direo

John Kendall, Bank

for the York 40000

tors — —

Lindegren and Co. Edward Lucas James Leake Sir William Lemon

Co. - - - - -

J. Larpent, senior Thomas Lock William Lander S. Martin Leake John Leslie. - Le Cointe & Son Lt. Hugh Lloyd Thomas Lloya Edward Lowndes Robert Lowndes John Lucas

Thomas Longman Judith Levy « —

Thomas Liny Charles Lutwydge Mathew Lewis James Laird

230000

- 2600

— 1000

~ 5006

, Furby, and

25000

5000

— 1006 3000 3000

— 50CO

- 40000

- 1006

— 5006 1000

• 2006

- 1600

3000 1000

' 2O09‘ 6006 ’ 10006 10006 Capt.

A, 1781,

D E /B A X E S

Cape. David Laird 10006

Ralph Laycester. - 4000

Henry Littfcdale - 3006

Isaac Lefevrr - —; 3000

Peter Lefevre - 1 -. 1000

Leonard Lefevre 500

J H. Langffoa. 2000

M « Langdale, jun - 1000

J. Larpent, jun. 000

Edward Lewis — 1000#

Thomas Lockyer - 1000

Thomas Ludbey - 1000

William Lucas — 2000

Montague Lind - 4000

Robert Cooper Lee -, ioooo Lancaster, Bax and EUil xqoo Abraham Lara — 4000

Charles Lochmore - xoooo William Lane —506 J. A. and G. Lampricr 1000 F >. Bar. Lufada, jun. -, 5000

Joseph Lomas - — 500

Laniey, Darby and Knott 3000

John Moffat — 2000

Lord Mqntague — 5000

Robert Mitford - jqoo

Lach. Mackintosh - loco Thomas Martin - 2006

Mure, Son, & Atkinson 209000 John Mitford. — 40QP

Sir Herbert Mackworth 10000

William Mathew - QOp

P Martin, « *. 5000

Ren. Mackenzie - 5000

Colin Mackenzie - 10000

Philip Metcalfe -, 10000

j Meyrick 5000

T. Methold #aoooo William Manning 40000

William Mitford - 8000

Mjs. Mawhood —, 4000

William Mathews io#qo

— 8000

itt Mackay 15000

Maze and Le Chevalier 5000 Ifiael Maudit, 10000

Mddred, Ma ( lerman, &Co. 1 coooo Nathaniel Modigliani 8000 Marlar, Pell, and Down 30000

Edward Moore •. 5090

James Margetfon -.. 10900

Joseph Marryatt 1000

William Mafcall. - 5000

James Madden - « # 2000

John Mayor —. ioooo

Robert Mayne~. _ -. 90000

# Marlar, Steward, Sc Boyd 3000 Main waiting and Ryffell 5000 Marsh and Creed. - 2000

Stephen Mabedy - 3000

John Michie — 8000

John Motteux — - 6000

William Minlhall •. - 4000

Leonard Morse - 10000

John Marratt - 1000

Robert Mawley 500

Doctor Milman - 1000

Robert Maitland -. 2000

Mrs F. Maynard - 1000

John Markett — 8000

C. Mackintosh - 6000

L. Mackintosh - 6000

Robert Morse — 2000

John Mason. — - 500

Mai. tlands. and Co. - 2000

Tho. Millington - £00

Maze and Steer —, 500

Mrs. S. Musgrave — 500

Michael Mitchell - 1060

Mallet t and Frilby - 500

John Maddifon - 10000,

Janies Madden 3009

Thomas Masterson - 3000

Wm. M‘George / 20000

William Melliih. - 6oca

Doctor J. Moore v - 3000

Samuel Morrow 35000

John Morton 25000

Rich. Molesworth - 3000

William Morrow - a 0000

Joseph Nutt — 6oco

John Nutt — 15090

John Nefbilt — 15000

Edward Naiflt — 3000

Lord Newhaven ' - xooco

Neave & Aiflabic - 5000

Tim. Nucolln - ioooop

Henry Nicols ( - joooo

Abrah,

« 4

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 178 *.

Ahrih. New land fames NeHd Peter Nicoi Fflllham Nairn Jeftm Naifar

10000

1000

500

5000

6000

Thomas Newnham {Alderman ) —— 2000

Thomas Newee; — 500

Sir James Napier 500

Jaihes Nealfon — 2000

Henry Newcontb - 3006

William Noble — rood

Henry Nicob — 500

George Newham 2000

ffmdTNaflg — v 5006

Robert Nixon soooo

William Northage - 500

Peter NicoH — 2000

©o&or G. Oliver - 4000

T. Ormes v — 3000

John Ostler — 9000

©o&or D. Orme - 2000

Thomas Oliver — 41O0O

Prefcotts, Grotes, & Co. 100000 RVN. Palman — 1000

Thotaas Powell - 2000

Patterson and lcelin 3000 Ryan Pugh. — 3000

Pigon and Andrews 4000 James Phynn — 5000

©avid Pugh — 2000

fhrvid Powell — 1000

Anthony Parkin « 3606

H. Parr y — 3000

John Pechie — ^. 1600

Thomas Parke — 4000

Peter Pope — 3000

John Purling 10000

T. J. Portsrtr — 4000

Samuel Peach ' — 10000

John ' Powell 10000

Samuel Potts — 3000

William Pay to ter < 1000

John Pardoe idoooo

iohn Pardon, jun. - 10000

' ugets and Bainbridge 4000

Samuel Plumb — - 5000

J. Price — 1000

Pen Pott — 2000

David Powell, jim. ~ iood

Pybus, Derfet, and Co 15060

John Pardon — 2000

Nicholas Phillips - 1000

George Phyne ' 4000

Thomas Pugh - $006

Henry Pierfooy - and Co. noodd R. apd W Pinchbeck *. rood Thomas Pratt — roooo

Richard Peckham 2000

Anthony Pyc, - — 3066

Edward Payne - 80000

J. Payne — 5000

Joseph Paice — 20000

John Purrier - 20000

Thoma ? Poole joooo

$. Pretor — 500

Peter Pierson - 1000

Henry PI ay ford ' - — 500

Richard Plimpton - 500

Palmer and Hodgson - xoooo Nathaniel Paul 1000

Thomas Pick ford 500

Pierrepomt & Waddington xoqo Christopher - Pottinger 2000 Joseph Peele - 500

Thomas Parsons 1000

Edward Pearson 500

Richard Patch - 1000

Marm. Peacock 2000

George Prudden - 500

James Portis - 4000

Thomas Pemberton - 1000

John Philips - goo

Michael Pope 3000

TKfe. Walley Partington 6000 Johfc Parsons - 3000

' Do&br Lucas Pfepys 3000

John Perins - 33000

John Perkins - 25000

William Pollock - 3000

Sir Ferdinand Poole, Bart. i qoq Thomas Quintin - 2000

' MHwardRoe - roooo

George Robinson

Robert Randall - 4000

Rivier, Crawley, and Co. 50900 Gilbert

A. 1781.

Gilbert Ross - 3000

Royal Exchange AiTurance Directors — 100000

Eb. Ratcliffe - 2000

J. Rigg and Son - 5000

Anthony Richardson 20000

James Reed. - 5000

ames Royer - 8000

George Ramus - 5000

J, T. Reade - 60000

Anthony Rucker - 10000

Thomas Robinson 5000

Tuomas Rawson - 10000

Raymond, Harley, 3tCo. 100000 Thomas Rumsey. 3000

Gto ' geRofe - 5000

Daniel Richard - 5000

C. W. B. Route - 10000

M. Raynes - 4000

Robert Rolleftoji - 3000

Roebuck and Henckell 2000

DEBATES.

Matthew Raw —

William Ross — 2000

Thomas Rulh — " 25000

Francis Squire — 4000

Joseph Salvador - 4000

G. Steward 100000

Art. Shakespear - 3000

Robert Stevenson - 10000

Jeremiah Sneyd - 5000

Thomas Stevenson - 3000

William Strahan —. 10000

John Schoolbred - 3000

Sadlier and Guillaume 5000

George Stainforth - 10000

William Speer - 10000

General Skene - 10000

Jabez Smith — ' 1000

Solomon Salomons - 5000

J. and J. Sapoftis 3000

Dame M. Schaub - 1000

P. Simond — 20000

James Ritcher. 4000 x James Levin Salomons 8oqo

Frederick Reynolds - 10000 Abel Smith — 50000

John Rath bone - 4000 Smith, Payne, and Smith 60000

Samuel Rain forth. 1000 W. Saxby — 2000

John Rae — - 2000 J, Stabler — 2000

William Roe r —T 2000 Edward Stanley 10000

Messrs. Richardson 10000 William Smith — - 1000

John Roller 3000 H. Strachey — 10000

Thomas Ridgeway - 10000 Thomas Smith — 3000

Samuel Rush — 3000 Alexander Stiell 3000

W. and T. Raikes - 500a Merrot Stephens 2000

Joseph Rickards - 20 00 John S. Stock — 2000

Grift Ransom — - 4000 Mark Smithson 1000

John Rae — 1000 William Smith 10000

William Robertfoa 4000 Samuel Smith, fen, 3c jun. 20000

Alexander Ross 2000 Sir R. Symons 10000

William Rose — 1000 L. Spilfbury 1000

Rev, John Russ — ' 1000 Francis Stephens 2000

Benjamin Rogers 3000 John StephenfoH 10000,

Richard Robinson - 500 John Slade -, — £OOOO

Samuel Rollifton 500 Thomas Smith 2000

Alexander Robarts -. 2000 P. A. Sapte — 5000

Giles Rooke — 500 William Edward Smith 30OO

Jacob Ruffen 2000 Sir Thomas Sewell 5000

George Rutt 1000 John Spiller — IOOOO

Edward Reeve — 1000 Caleb Edward Smith 5000

John Richards — 500 William Sanders IOOOO

John Raymond m 2000 Sibbald and Brown 2000

r ton. Robinson m 1000 Hon. Charles Stuart - IOOOO

V©L. II. M m Thomas

v ^.

PARLfAME TARY

Thomas Sedgwick - 5000

Samuel Sneyd — 5000

William Sheldon - 2000

Joseph Smith — 1006

Francis Sykes — 10000

Lieut. Col. Saxton - 3000

Thomas Sutton - 6000

$oulh - St : a Company, Directors of — 200000

Johfi Charles Splitgerber 10000 Smith and Sill - 67006

Benjamin Smith - 15000

John Skirrow — $000

John Staples — 1000

Hardinge Stracey - 2000

R. Stephenson - 20066

George Stackpole - $006

$miths, and Co. 30000

John Snaith — 10000

John Stephens — 8000

Stap ’ es, Dimfdale, Co. 50000 George Soltau — 2000

William Soltau - 1000

Thomas Smith — 506

John Savery ’ — 1000

Culling Smith — 2000

Hon. M rs. Susan Sr. John 500 '

Joseph Shrimptoa - 500

Charles Smith. - 500

Thomas She well - 1000

Smith, Wineholt, and Co. 1000

Elizabeth Saville - 2000

J. and N. Stonard - 1000

Richard Seaman - 1000

William Steer, jun. 1000

Frederick Standerr, jun. 5000 William Sayer - 5 < x

{ « mea Semple - 500

Lobert bcott - 5000

William Scnber - 3C00

Well. Snaith - loto

John Snaith, jun. 1000

Thomas Snaith 1000

Jonathan Steel - 4000

Thomas. Sedgwick - ldoO

Edward Seward 3000

Henry Spencer - 3000

Thomas Stanton - 1000

John Smith 500

Sales and Pollard Thomas Pitt Stead Thomas Smith Nathan Salomons Itaac Smith Charles Stewart Daniel Stephenson Richard Simmonds

A. ijll. ie&

• 56O

5000 - 2600 3000 2000 - 1600

- too *

Thomas Shuttle worth - 2006 Shavipe, Maude, and Co. 500b

A. H. Sutherland - 2006

William Smith — 500,

William Steer - 1000

James Skelton - 500

Edward Stewart - 1000

Henry Spencer 2000

William Slann - 506

Smith, ElHfon, and Brown 2000 John Scott ( Milbank ) 3000 John Scott ( Hammersmith )

26000

William Sheldon - 6000

Drummond Smith - 13000

William Smith - 30000

Lewis Teiffier — - 40000

William Thompson - rdod Anthony Todd - 16000

Tibbets and Belcher - 5000

John Hinton Tritton toooo Thorneton & Cornewall 200000 Peter TheHuffon - 250000

G. Tatem — 8000

Godfrey Thornton - 20000

Robert Taylor - 5000

B. Thomson — 10006

Andrew Thomson - 20006

James Thomas 2600

Francis Tomkins 5060

R. Tibbits — 2600

John Timmings - loo0

Trinity House, Corporation of

Robert Trevor Samuel Townsend Elias Tuckett Bryan Troitghton Thomas Tyndall John Towtifbn Do Tucker

gM

( Mo gm 1 MO

wtntu—

VTUUPN

L,

A. 1781.

William Taylor James Tierney,

DEBATES.

- 4000

Executors of

5000 30000 5000 3000 10000 1000 50b 1000 1000

IQOO XOOOO IOpO

aoooo 3000 500 2000 2000 60QO 2000 2000 2000 IOOOO 30000

Harry Thompson Thomas Thompson John Tuftin —

[ ohn Trotter —

[ ohq Thifttewood •‘rederick Tepfh, -

Thomas Tritton William Tatnall, jun.

Thomas Thorne William Taylor James Taylor Thomas Trower Richard Twining.,

Isaac ( Thompson Charles Teiiher Stephen Teiflier. -.

Peter Treves Thomas Torr Benjamin Vaughan T. T. Vaughan

Vaughan and Margetfbn Anthony Villion Vandermuelen and Jorvett 5000 Charles Van Notten - 10000

J Dirk Van Clootwyk. 1000 Jien Jos. Van Neck and Co.

15000

Pieter Hugueran, Lord of V ry - hauven ——xr 3000

John Vowell — 3000

Gordon Urquhart - 2000

BeterVan Notten - 13000

Robert Udny — 10000

Johh Vaughan. — 500

Velfort Van Hemet - 1000

Vigne — 300

Charles Vann 300

£ Woodhouse, —. 8000.

Jonathan Watkeii + 2000

Joto1 Whitelock -. 20000

Thomas Wright 3000

William Williams - 1000

Anthony Wright and Son 30000 Charles Williams - 3000

£bftle Wray « — lopoo

Wj fop and iUfhleigh 13009

Samuel Warren - 2000

Wickenden and Moffat Walpole, Clarke, & Co. Matthew Winter J. and D. Wcbfter Henry White —

J. White — Robert & Farley Willing Thomas Wellings Peter Waldo —

Jojm and William Wells Anthony Whitelock Martin. Whifti Mark Wey ' and Alexander Wynch Nicholas Webb James Willis John Williams —

Joseph Waugh John Wethetell — ijathaniel Webb Adam Wood —

Joseph Watkins Edward Wilford h. Woodcock — Samuel Worrall George Welsh —

R. Woodford —

William Warts John Way — James Whatman William Waller. -

George Webster Samuel Warburton John Wallace —

Major Robert Williams Dr. Warren —

Francis Wood —

John Balchen West John Warren —

George Whitehead Thomas Wilkins Jacob Wilson —.

Jacob Whitbread Wil ) iam Weston John Wanfey John Warren — William Wood — Christopher Willoughby William Westmacott - John Wilson —

Mm2

ioqoo

23000 3000 3000 6000 1000, 3000 10600 3000 8000 2020 3OOOO lOOOO 2O0O

8000

SOOOO

23000

300

3000

' 2000

' 8000

5000

3000

3000

5000

2000

3000

3000

5000

20000

IOOOO

3000

2000

3OOOO

IOOOO

20000

5000

IOOOO

2000

IOOOO

IOOOO

Sr

IOQO

1000 300 500. 2000 2000 IOOOO

Joseph

L

aM

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Joseph Walton — 2006

Iames Woodbridge - 4000

ohn Walker — 5000

Isaac Walker. — - 4000

William ' Wildman - 500

William Wilson - 1000

Robert Wilson — 1000

Charles Wilson — $oo

Thomas Wall - 1000

Simeon and Isaac Warner 1000 Samuel Wrather - 1000

William Webster -

Thomas Williams - 500

John Woolftenholme 500

John Woolley — 3000

Hugh Wallace ' 4000

Richard Weld - - 3000

Thomas Wiggington & Co. 5000

Francis Williams - tcoo

Joseph Ward - 3060

George Wheatley - 13000

Major John White - 3000

John Willan — 3000 -

Thomas Wood - 13000

Abraham L. ' Ximenes. 2000

Young, Steer, and J. mes 10000

Gavin Young, —. 3000

Timothy Yeates - ouoo

John Yerbury 2000

E. Roe Yeo — - toooo

Josiah Yallowley - 500

John Yates — Ioooo

Thomas Young — 2000

12, 000, 000

A. Nbwland, Chief Cafttier.

The House went into a committee on the loan bill.

Mr. said, that in this, as well as in every other

Rage of the bill, the House of Commons had a right, in his opinion, to examine into the circumstances of the loan, and

to offer such alteration as they should think eligible and ad - 1 vantageous to the public. If they had not this right, he con -

fidered their ceremonious proceedings as a mockery of power; and that they possessed no right to assert their own opinions, and act as their discretion might di&atO for the bene fit of their constituents. He looked on the House as a deliberate body; but if this doctrine was established, which, from the language of former years, as well as from the conduct of former years, it seemed to be acknowledged, then he ' could only conuder Parliament as the register of the mini - fter’s transactions, and not as a body possessed of discretio - nary and deliberate powers, who could advise, check, and controul the condu£I of ministers. The present loan, under all its complicated evils, merited the most serious investiga - tion of the House; and even now, though the first deposit was made, he conceived that they both had right and the power to alter the terms of the loan, and fcpd the ininifter back to make a fresh bargain with the money lenders. If they had not this right, he declared that all their ceremonies and forms were mere mockery.

Lord North declared it as his opinion, that the House had L « rd piottb. given a gnaj anj conclusive agreement to the bargain which the treasury had made, when they agreed to the report from

■ ' the

L

A. 1781. DEBATES. 69

the committee, and that after that time, undoubtedly they could not, confident with justice, with honour, or with policy, break or alter the bargain which had been made.

Such a breach of their bargain would be attended with consequences infinitely more disadvantageous and fatal than the terms of the loan could possibly be, let them be as exorbitant as it wa pt ffible. It would be a breach in national faith, and would give the world reason to /didrud the date. Un - v _ doubtedly the Parliament had the power to check and to com troul the treasury. Having the pcfwers of deliberation, they certainly could rescind any resolution which they had made; but they would always consider how the exercise of their power was connected with policy. In this indance the majority of the House had agteed to the bargain, and their opinion had bound the minority to acquiescence. The noble lord enforced this doctrine by various arguments.

Si GeorgeSavile urged the necessity of bringing all the cir

cumftancps of that loan under the confederation of the House.

The unwarrantable, and the ( hameful extravagance of the bargain, added to the shrewd suspicion that it had been made for the purpose of corrupting the members of that House,

‘ deserved the mod serious enquiry.

The bill passed without further dispute.

The House then received the report From the committee of ways and means of the taxes, and agreed to it,

Mr. Byng asked Lojd North whether he intended any alte - Mt+Mjwz ration in the taxes, in ojrder to make good the deficiencies of the three last years

Lord North declared, that he intended a revision of the Lord North *

taxes, in which he hoped to introduce a plan for making good those deficiencies which had occured in the three lad years,

Mr. Demffter said, that he was glad that the noble lord had Mr. Demf undertaken to revise the taxes, a work both very desireable - and much to be commended; and he truded that he would think the expunging of the tax on auctions would be a work worthy of a financier; for he dated that tax to be one which operated like the tax in Spain, which went to all commodities and was finally dedru&ive to all commerce.

Lord North declared, that the auction tax, which had been Lord N#tb.

originally dated at 37 500 !. had certainly been a prod u dive tax, for it had amounted to from between thirty - six and thirty. ( even thousand pounds in the lad year.

The second order of the day being now read, for the attendance of Mr Thomas No&on, and Mr Thomas Butler, lsfre

fh eriff

2

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

sheriffs of the city of Coventry, and for taking into further consideration the several petitions presented to this fioufe upon the 20 : h of November last, relating to the return made by the said sheriffs at the last general election, the said sheriffs and the counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yoe, and for the several freemen of the city of Coventry, who have petitioned this House, complaining of the conduct Of said. sheriffs, were called in 5 and the sheriffs acquainted the House that the counsel they had applied to had « not had time to prepare himself to undertake their defence. Then one of the counsel for Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yoe; and for the several freemen of the city of Coventry who have petitioned this House, complaining of the conduct of the said sheriffs, summed up their evidence; and the sheriffs being asked what they had to say in their justification of their having made no return of members to serve in Parliament at the last general election, and in answer to the matters charged against them in the petitions of Lord Sheffield and Mr. Roe Yoe, and the several freemen of the city of Coventry who have petitioned this House, complaining of their conduct, the said sheriffs were heard; and having defied that their under sheriff, who attended as their agent, might examine the witnesses who had been ordered to attend the House on their behalf, the said agentwascalled in, andatthe bar examined the several witnesses who were attending in justification of the condu£t of the said sheriffs; and the said agent having submitted to the House that the said sheriffs had still several o; her witnesses, but that they were now at Coventry, and that they therefore desired further time, in order to have an opportunity to summoa the '

' said witnesses, the said sheriffs and their agent, and the said counsel, were directed to withdraw; and a motion made, and the question put, That the further attendance of the said sherifL, and the further consideration of the said petition, relating to the return made by them for the said city of Coventry, at the late general election, be adjourned till this day - fe ’ nhight.

It paired in the negative.

Then the said sheriffs, and their agent, and the said counsel, were again called in; and the sheriffs having acquainted the House, that they had no other witnesses tq produce, the said sheriffs, and their agent, and the said counsel, were again - 4it£&ed tp withdraw.

After which it was

Resolved, That it appears to thj$ House, that t $he last general election of citizens, to serve in Parliament for the ej -

x

A. < 781. ' B E B A £ E ift

tv of Coventry, Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, the merrffs, who were the returning officers at the said election, were not prevented by riots, or otherwise, from making •a return of members to serve in the Parliament for the said city.

Resolved, nemine ctmtradicente, That the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler, late sheriffs of the said city of Coventry, not having made any return of members to serve in Parliament at the last general election for the said city, are thereby guilty of a high violation of the law, and a groft Breach of the privileges of this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Noxon and Thomas Butler be, for the said offence, committed to his Majesty’s gaol of Newgate, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly.

■ They were then put into the custody of the serjeant at arms, who conveyed them to Newgate in a hackney coach1, where they arrived at half past eleven o ’ clock at night. Owing to the definition of this place in the late conflagration, the keeper had it not in his power to put the sheriffs in ' any other place but the cells, or the guard room among the soldiers, the latter of which they preferred.

March 16.

A motion was made by Mr. Hopkins to change the plaee of confinement appointed for the sheriffs of Coventry, and instead of their continuance in Newgate, to put them into the custody of the serjeant at arms. The reason for this motion, he assigned to be the extreme severity of their confinement in Newgate, on account of the injuries which itsustain - edby the late tumults. Though it was the opinion of the House, that the sheriffs should be punished for their neglect, orabufe of duty, it surely was not their intention to class them with felons, and immure them in the cells of the prison.

The humanity, as well as the justice of the mption, he trusted, would be the best recommendations in its favour.

A short bonverfation arose upon this subject, in which Lord Sheffield observed, that though the prison of Newgate Was undoubtedly unfit, yet there were; very convenient apartments in the prison of Tothill - fields, to - which the fhefiffi might, with propriety, be sent. The motion Was finally agiieed to.

1 Lord North gave notice, that on Monday the 19th, he Would. Ld

« hH thdittentton of the House tb & feyifion of the duties oft

Mr.

m P A R L I A M £‘N T A R Y A. vjZ *.

Mr Crewe. Mr. Crewe brought in his bill for rest raining officers of the, excise and customs from having a voice in the election of representatives. It was read for the first time.

Adjourned to the 19th.

March 19.

The House in a committee of supply.

\A fJvrtb. Lord North rose and laid, that having given notice of his

intention of moving some propositions in order to regulate and amend the duties on paper, the committee would naturally expect to hear from him a detaiLof the history of thpfc duties as they now flood, with an account of their present produce, as well as an account of the means by which he should endeavour to increase that produce. As the refolu - tions, however, which he meant to offer, would necessarily be extremely numerous, and would take up some time in putting, he should as concilely as possible state the particular fasts that called for the consideration of the committee, and followtijta statequent with a description of the nature of the regulations which he should propose in consequence. The duties upon paper, as they flood at present, he should make it appear to the committee, fell greatly short of their intend e, d produce, when the legislature passed the lafb. regulations on the subject. By the 10th of Queen Anne, gentlemen would recollefl, certain duties were imposed, which duties were multiplied in the proportion of one half, bjr the 12th of the fame queen; and since that time no duties whatsoever had been laid on paper, excepting the five per cent, put up - ’ on all exciseable articles two years ago. By one of the acts, the several species of paper then in use were enumerated; and by another, a power was given to take the duties ad valorem in which way they had generally been collected since, so that the duty on paper, as it now flood, and as the legislature intended, was eighteen per cent, but nothing like that per centum had ever been received by the revenue. - In the act which - enumerated the forts of paper, only eleven different forts were mentioned, although in fa£l there were no less than seventy - six different names for papers; the act barely mentioned fine demys and common demys, fine crowns and common crowns, fine foolfcaps and common foolfcaps, fine pots and common pots, and three forts of brown, and white and brown papers This, gentlemen must fee, fell greatly short of the number r of kinds of paper now made, in fa&, there was, as he had already said, seventy - six forts; but when it was considera that the act was passed sixty - seven years ago, it was not to he

wondered

A. ' l7 |. D fe B A T

wondered at, because, in ail probability many different spe - cies of paper had been invented and Drought ' into use ( ince Queen Anne’s reign, which was one among other reasons that wduld serve tq prove the necessity of a general regulation of the duties upon paper. Another reafori why these duties flood greatly in need of amendment, the comrtiittee rauft feet the force of, when they heard - that the mode of ' taking the ad valorem duty Was merely this; according to the act; 9#d according to the practice for years past, the paper - maker; II ( bon as he had made a quantity of any sort of paper, took ft bundle of it to the next market town; and fold it at whatever he could get for it, and theii either he himself ( if he fold it in person ) or his foreman, dr his servant or whoever fold it, made path of the price, and upon that price the ad vafareijiduty was estimated. That this mode was liable to pe attended with very pernicious consequences to the revenue, and great inconveniencies to those who deataUk4 > aper, ( US Lordship said, muff be apparent to every gentljMi, who Spidered in the first place, that the market price or paper. If jitnated by the price given at a country market town, was nullity, because in fast no country market town could ™turned ajparket for paper, the great, and almost the only market forlhat article being the metropolis; in that point of view, therefore, the revenue was liable to suffer very considerably, and $he trader in paper must be inconvenienced because, as the act laid down no rule, but left it to the maker ftjrbitrftrily to settle the price with the country buyer, of cptjrfe the price put upon the, paper by a maker in one place ijras different from the price put upon it by a maker in another, and thus, when the paper was sent to its proper market ip town, very different prices were demanded by different makers from the wholesale stationers for papers, the fame in point of quality, and dimenhon. In order to shew that h Wfts founded in this remark, his Lordship said, he had been told ( for gentlemen would fee that he had studied the subject merely for the of afion, apd must speak pretty much upon fprpciation ) that some makers put almost double the price t ppy the Papers that others did; and indeed it appeared {$ > in the different entries at the excise office, whence it was trident, that upon papers of the fame size and quality, there hftd; been put by one maker the price of one shilling and fix pe pejr ream, by another two shillings and sixpence, and another three ( hill\ngs, and so in regard to different papers, tat the revenue had suffered considerably was evident, be - Vol. II - ' Nn cftufc

■ 4

frkR L ' l A M E N T A R. Y

cause it was easy to be proved, that the duty had been often taken in the country upon fine writing papers, at the rem price of eight shillings a ream, when it was taking their real price in London very moderately to take it for one pound sixteen shillings per ream. That it had. been taken on others at fourteen or fifteen shillings, when they fetched in London two pound twelve shillings and sixpence a ream, upon other papers of an inferior fort at three shillings, four shillings, five fhilKngs, seven shillings, eight shillings, nine shillings, and ten shillings per ream, the London prices of which were nine shillings, twelve shillings, fifteen shillings, twenty - one shillings, twenty - four shillings, and from twenty - sevenshillings up to thirty shillings.

This being the case, his Lordship laid, he had taken ( bme trouble to make himself master of the fafts, and to hit upon such a jpglhod of amending and regulating the duties, as fboul e them come nearer to the original intention of the legmature, and be at the same time easily comprehended by the paper - maker and the excise officer, without injuring the paper - maker, or oppressing the consumer. The method he should propose, would not be to take the duty any long ad valorem, according to the 12th of Queen becaui

as he had already shewn, the market price of a country - market town was a mere nullity. For instance, the town of Sa - lifbury, much more towns, infinitely less in extent and trade, could not be said to be in any degree a mart for paper, that ought to regulate its value, and goverst the duty resulting to the revenue; excepting Bristol, and some few large trading towns, London ( food alone, nor could Bristol, or any other place, however considerable its dealings in paper, ' be put in any sort of competition with the metropolis. The legifta - ture clearly intended, and indeed as the law now stood, a clear eighteen per cent, was payable upon paper, but ( as he had Efficiently dated ) for the reasons already mentioned, the revenue did not receive any thing like that proportion of produce from it. The method he meant to adopt, was to forrii five tables, enumerating all the papers now made, dividing them into certain claftes, thus : one table would comprehend the fine papers from the larged size downwards, a second table inferior forts of writing papers, a third fine printing papers, from the largest size downwards, a fourth inferior printing papers, and a fifth table would comprehend coarse and brown papers of all forts, and in order to put the Whole i trade upon one and the fame footing, he should rate the duty / *. according

’ A# iy8u D £ B, A T £ S.

according to the quality and dimension/ With regard to the quantum of duty, he mould govern it by the price paper bore in town, in the present flourishing state of the trade, but he meant neither to take it at the highest rate, nor at a medium price, but at a very moderate. By this means, *

in many instances, the maker would not pay eighteen per ejent. and yet the revenue would be benefited very materially. His lordship went into an arithmetical statement of the superior produce that would arise from this mode, by opposing the probable result of the experiment in various instances, to what had been received by the excise for many years past. Thus papers, which now, from eighty reams produced but six pounds revenue, would yield about twenty, and so on with regard to others. His Lordship laid, he meant of course to superadd to the particular duties made payable by these new tables of duties, the five per cent, imposed two years ago, and the five per cent, lately resolved on, an&jgreed to by the House; but he did not mean to include pairitS ' printed and stained paper. The duty on these being ifd per yard, he meant to continue as it stood; and that being the case, it 1$as impossible for him to say what sum would be the exact produce of the intended regulation. The sum for which the duties on paste - board and paper altogether had been taken,

1 was 25000I. per year,; how much of that sum arose merely from the duties on paper he could not say, but gentlemen mutt fee, that the produce would be considerably improved by the proposed regulation—in the proportion of trebling it, perhaps, or much more.

He was aware, he said, that it might be objected, that his present scheme would not take in papers of new descriptions and dimensions that might be planned, made, and brought to market. It was true the objection would lie, but in order to provide against such cases, he meant to introduce into the bill ( should the committee adopt the resolutions he de - signedto move, and the House - agree to the report of them ) aclause, giving the excise a custom - house regulation in regard to these duties. At the custom - house, by virtue of an act of Parliament, when a duty was to be paid on. any article imported, that was not to be found in the book of rates, and which was to be taken ad, if the officer was not

satisfied with the value sworn to by the importer, he was authorized tq take the goods, and to pay the importer a profit of ten per cent, upon the price put upon the goods by him fclf. This regulation, his lordship said, had been found ex -

N n 2 ' treincly

176

PARLIAMENTARY A.

tremely accomraodablt at the custom - house, and had b£6k attended with very beneficial consequences to the public, atrf therefore in order to provide against cases that might Urife, he intended to introduce a clause, that all such paper as might be invented of different dimensions from those rated in the five tables he had spoken of, their ad valorem IhbUlfi be reckoned upon the market price in London, aptf govern&f, in some degree, by the dimensions of the paper near ftiti size to it; but if, after all, the maker was not satisfied with the price so to be put upon it, but should think it rated high, the excise officer should be empowered to detain thfc paper for the king’s use, paying the maniifafturer a profit of ten per cent, upon his goods for his labour.

, His lordship said, that the whole of his scheme bad be # submitted to the inspection of several of the moil cohfiderfrblfc and most eminent paper - makers, as well as to some IfQfthe paper - venders in town of the fame description, and that they all approved of it. He concluded with informing the com - fnittee, that he had eighty resolutions to make upon the subject. This produced a hearty laugh, but his fordfnip ctr plained himself by stating, that his first motion would tiecef - farily be for the repeal of all the a£l$ now in being for layirid any duties upon paper, except those of painted, printed, J&a flamed papers - —then there must be ffcyenty - fix resolut ABioti$ for the several forts of paper— - thep tlfffre must be opfe tb la the two additional duties of five per cent, on the valufc—thety there must be one to apply the duties to the fame purpose for which they were originally granted - —and are to order in % bill on these resolutions,

Mr. t > mp - Mr. Dfmpfor begged to know, whether the noble Lord meant to apply the additional produce of the revepue, that this regulation would yield to the making good the deficiencies of his other late taxes, or to let the wqoieof it go to the sinking fund

Id j v, rtb. Lord North said, a ? the produce could not be considered as a new tax, but merely as the regulation of an qld one ( for gentlemen would please to recpllect, that the duties stood now, according to the express of the legislature, at the rate of eighteen per ccpt. with the superaddition of the five pel cents, though the revenue fell greatly short, for the realoni fie had stated ) as therefore the prpfent was merely a regulation of an old tax, he defigped the whole produce tb go to the sinking fund.. As he was up, his Lordship said there Was one thing which he had miffed, that he WPU take that

A. 1781.

DEBATE S.

oppo pnity of mentioning, and that was, to beg not to be urideraood as meaning to cast any slur upon the reputation x of the paper - makers, or to impute the failure of the revenue ' upon paper hitherto to any ill condutit in them; he was very hr from either thinking that it was imputable to the papelr - makers, or intending to insinuate any such idea. Long cunoni had fan&ifftd the paper - makers in taking the excise upon the dd valorem, in the manner in which they had hitherto taken it; indeed, the act obliged them so to take it, and their having put very different prices upon the fame fort of papet must unavoidably be the case, where there was no rule of law to govern the price, and where it was arbitrarily fixed at the Will of the makers unless, indeed, a general colltffion had been entered into by the makers throughout the kingdom.

Thecighty refblutions were feveraHy read by the chair - maflMbd agreed to by the cotnlnittee, and are as follow:

Kefolved,

i. ‘That the several rates and duties upon paper, millboards, paftc boards, and fealeboards, madj in Great - Britain, ( except so much as are imposed upon paper to be printed, painted or gained, in Great Britain ) to serve for hangings and other. do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

£ ' That a duty of 9s. per ream be laid upon all paper ! c in Great Brit ft for Writing, called Imperial, of the value of 2I. 1 ft. per item and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 22inches by 30 inches and a quarter. *

3 tThat a duty of 6s. 9d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Super - Royal, of the value of il. 18s. per npm and upwards, and not exceeding the di mentions of iqmches and a quarter by 17 inches and an half.

' 4. That a duty of 5s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Royal, of the value of il. 9s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen - fions of 19 inches and a quarter by 24 inches.

feThat a duty of 4s. per ream be laid upon all paper madd reat Britain for writing, oalled Medium, of the value of il. 2s. 6d. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the di - mentions of 17 inches and an half by 22 inches and an half.

6. That a duty of 2s. 9d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Demy, of the va lue of 16s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 15 inches and an half by 20 inches.

7. That a duty of 2s. 3d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain foriyriting, called Thick Poss, of the 4; value

- t

27t

PARLIAMEN 3T. A R Y.

A. 1781.

value of 13s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding thedi - menfiohsof 15 inches and a quarter by Inches and in half.

8. That a duty of is. gd. per ream be laid upon all piper

made in Great Britain for writing, called Thin Post, of the value of 1 os. per ream and upwards, and npt exceeding the dimensions of k inches and a quarter by ig inches andjKA half. * m

9. That a duty of is. 3d. per ream be laid upon all papS made in Great Britain for writing, called Small Post, of the vaU | of 7s. 6d. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding theaimenfions of 13 inches and an half by 16 inches and an half,

10. That a duty of is. 6d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Foolscap, of the value of 9s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 13 inches and an half by 16 incl £nd three quarters.

11. That a duty of is. per ream be laid upon ail paper made in Great Britain for writing called Pott, of the value 6s. per ream and upwards, sand not exceeding the dimensions of 12 inches and an half by 15 inches and an half.

12. That a duty of il. 10s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate pfljj ing, called Double Atlas, of the value of 15I. per ream add upwards, and not exceeding the dinjeflfions of 55 inches by 31 inches and an half.

13. That a duty of is. 9d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Demy, of the value q£ 12s per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the diufenfions of 15 inches and an half by 20 inches.

14. That a duty of is. per ream be laid upon all paper, made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Copy, or Bastard, of the value of 7s. 6d. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 16 inches by 20 inches and a quarter.

15. That a duty of lod. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Fools Cap. of the value of 6s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 13 inches and an half by 16 inches and three quarters.

16. That a duty of iod. per ream be laid upon all papf ! made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Littris Fools Cap. of the value of 6s. per reapi and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 13 inches and an half by 17 inches and an half.

7 *

That

V

A. 1781. DEBATES, 279

17, That a duty of 8d. per ream be laid upon paper

made ig Great Britain for writing. or copper - plate printing, called Port, of the value of 4s, per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of, 12 inches and an half by 15 inches and an half.

8. That a duty of ns. per ream be laid upon all paper j&k ' in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, fined Grand Eagle or Double Elephant, of the value of 4U per ream and upwards, and not exceedingShe dimensions of 26 inches and three quarters by 40 inches ? '

‘ 19. That a duty of 7s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Colombier, of the value of 2I. 10s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 23 inches and an half by 34 inches and an half.

That a duty of 10s. per ream be laid upon all paper macfe in Great Britain for writing pr copper - plate printing, called Atlas, of die value of 3I. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 26 inches and a quarter by 34 inches.

21. That a duty of 6s. 6d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate print - iq£ called Atlas, of the value of 2I. per ream and upwards, ana not exceeding the dimensions of 26 inches and a quarter by 34 inches. >, i:

22. That a duty ot $s. per ream be laid upon ail paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Small Atlas, of the value of il. 10s. per ream fend upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 25 inches by 31 inches.

23. That a duty of 4s. qd. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Imperial, of the value of il. 10s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 22 inches by 30 inches and a quarter.

24. That a duty of 3s. 6d. per ream be laid upm all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Super Royal, of the value of 11. 5s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 19 inches and a quarter by 27 inches and an half.

25. That a duty of 3s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Long Royal, of the value of il, per ream and upwards.

PARLIAMENTARY A - 1 i.

wards, iod not exceeding the dimensions of 27 inches and an half by 18 inches.

26. That a duty of 2s. 6d. per ream ’ be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate print ing, called Royal, of the value of 18s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 19 inches anoa quarter by 24 inches.

27. That a duty of is. 9d. per ream be laid upon ajl pwfg made in Great Biltain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Demy, of the value of 13s. per ream and upwards, and qot exceeding the dimensions of 17 inches by 22 inches.

28. That a duty of is. 3d. per ream be laid upon allpa - per made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Short Demy, or Crown, of the value of 9s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding, the dimensions of 14 inches by 20 inches and a quarter, or of 15 inches by 20 inches.

29. That a duty of 2s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writiojg or copper - plate printing, called Large Fan, of the value of 14s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 23 inches and an half by 20 inches and an half.

30. That a duty of is. 6d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Small Fan, of the value of 1 is. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 22 inches and a quarter, by 13 inches and a quarter.

31. - That a duty of 2s. 3d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for writing or copper - plate printing, called Elephant, of the value of 15s. per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 23 inches by 28 inches.

32. That a duty of 2s. per ream be laid upon all paper pnade in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers ’ bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in each Meet, and so in proportion for a greater or less number of bills or notes in each sheet. "

33. Th t a duty of 5s. 6 ' d. per bundle be laid upon ajl paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Double J5e - my, o fthe value of il. 18s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 26 inches by 38 inches and n half.

34. That a duty of 3s. 6d. per bundle be laid upon all pap$r made in Great Britain for printing called Royal, of {he val < jc of il. 4s. per bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the di -

mentions

A. 1781. DEBATES *

mentions of 19 inches and an half by 24 inches and a quarter or 2d inches by 26 inches.

35. That a duty of 2$. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Royal Inferior, of the value of 14s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding {hq dimensions of 19 inches and an half by 24 inches and a qifcrter. {

1 36. a duty of 2s. qd. per bundle be laid upon all

paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Medium, of the value of il. per bundle and upwards, ipd not exceeding the dimensions of 18 inches by 23 inches.

37. That a duty of 2s. 6d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Demy Single of the value of 17s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 17 inches and an half by 22 inches, or of 19 inches by 20 inches and an half.

38. That a duty of is. 6d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Demy Inferior, of the value of 10s. joer bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions 5f 17 inches and an half by 22 inches.

39. That a duty of 2s. 4d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Double. Crown, of the value of 17s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 20 inches by 30 inches.

40. That a duty of is. 9d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Double Crown Inferior, of the value of 12s. per bundle and upwards, and n$t exceeding the dimensions of 20 inches by 30 inches.

41. That a duty of 2s. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Single Crown, of the value of 13s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the di mentions of 15 inches by 20 i ' nches.

42. That a duty of 1 s. 3d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Single Crown Inferior, of the value of 8s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 15 inches by 20 inches.

43. That a duty of is. 3d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Demy Tissue, of the value of 8s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 17 inches and an half by 22 inches.

44. That a duty of iod. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Crown Tissue, of the value of 8s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 15 inches by 20 inches.

Vol. IL Oo 45. That

282

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

45. That a duty of is. 6d. per bundle be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Double Port, of the value of 9s. per bundle and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 17 inches by 25 inches and an half.

46. That a duty of is. 9d. per ream be laid upon all paper m, ade in Great Britain, called cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of 21 inches by 26 inches.

47. That a duty of 2s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of 24 inches and an half by 25 inches and an half.

48. That a duty of is. 6d. per ream be laid upon all paper

• made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of 19 inches and a quarter by 24 inches.

39. That a duty of is. 3d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, not exceeding the dimensions of 23 inches by 28 inches.

50. That a duty of 2s. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding the dimensions of 21 inches and an half by 33 inches.

51. That a duty of is. 6d. per ream be laid upon all paper - made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the dimensions of 18 inches and three quarters by 27 inches.

52. That a duty of is. 3d. per ream be laid upon all paper

made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Demy Size, not exceeding the dimensions of 1 7 inches and an half by 22 inches.

53. That a duty of is. 3d. per ream be laid upon all paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Crown Sizjs, not exceeding the dimensions of 15 inches by 20 inches.

54. That a duty of is. per ream be laid upon all paper made jn Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the dimensions of 19 inches and an, half by 24 inches and a quarter.

55. That a duty of is. 6d. per ream he laid upon all paptr made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding. the dimensions of 23 inches by 28 inches.

56. That a duty of 2s. per bundle be kid upon all paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not exceeding the dimensions of 19 inches and an half 24 inches and, a quarter.

57. That a duty of is. 3d. per bundle be laid upon all ' paper made in Great Britain called Blue Demy and Station ),

not exceeding the dimensions of 17 inches by 22 inches.

58. That a duty of 9d. pcf ' bundle be laid upon all paper

1 ' made

X

G.

A. 1781 D E B ATE S.

made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the dimensions of 15 inches by 20 inches.

59. That ' aduty of - iod. per ream be laid upon all whited trown paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the dimensions of 24 inches by 19 inches and a quarter.

60. That a duty of is. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding the dimensions of 24 inches by 19 inches and a quarter.

61. That a duty of is. per bundle be laid upon all whited, brown paper made in Great Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the dimensions of 23 inches by 18 inches.

62. That a duty of gd. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the dimensions of 24 inches by 16 inches;

63. That a duty of 4d. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pflfttfld, not exceeding the dimensions of 16 inches by 11 inches.

64. That a duty of is. 6d. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the dimensions of 33 inches by 21 inches.

65. That a duty of 9d. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand, not exceeding the dimensions of 22 inches by 16 inches.

6 6. That a duty of js. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called, Small Hand Dotible, not exceeding the dimensions of 32 inches by 20 inches,

67. That a duty of 6d. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimenliqns of 19 inches and three quarters by 16 inches.

68. That a duty of 4d. per bundle be laid upon all whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the dimensions of 12 inches by 10 indies, and of o inches by 7 inches and a half.

69. That a duty 01 is. per ream be laid upon all brown paper made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap. not ex -

- cteedliig the dimensions of 29 inches by 22 inches.

70. That a ' duty of 9d. per ream be laid upon all brown

O02 paper

2B4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

paper made in Great Britain, called Havon Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of 24 inches by 20 inches.

71. That a duty of 8d. per r, eam be laid upon all brown paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of 23 inches and an half by io inches.

72. That a duty of 6d. per ream be laia upon all brown paper made in Great Britain called Kentish Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of 21 inches by 18 inches.

73. That a duty of 6d. per ream be laid upon all brown

paper made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of 20 inches by 16 inches.

74. That a duty of 4d. per ream be laid upon all brown paper made in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of 20 inches by 15 inches.

75. That a duty of is. per ream be laid upon all brown

paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four. Pounds,

not exceeding the dimensions of 33 inches by 20 inches.

76. That a duty of 6d. per bundle be laid upon all brown paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of 16 inches by 11 jnches.

77. That a duty of 4d. per bundle be laid upon all brown paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the dimenfiops of 12 inches by 10 inches, and of 9 inches by 7 inches and an half.

78. That a duty of 4s 6d. per hundred weight be laid upon all Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great Britain, for clothiers and hotrpreflers.

79. That an additional duty or charge of iol. per centum be laid upon the produce and amount of the said several duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards.

80. That the said duties upon Paper, Millboards, PafW boards, and Scaleboards, made or imported into Great Britain, bo applied to the same uses and purposes as the former duties upon Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, were applicable.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Refo - lutions.

March 20.

No debate.

March 21.

The order of the day was read, for the commitment of the bill for excluding contractors from fitting in the House of Commons, except when their contracts are publicly disposed of to the best bidder. On the quefHon for the Speaker’s ‘leaving the chair,

A. 1781. DEBATES. 285

Lord Beauchamp rose, and opposed it. His Lordship began Lord Beatty observing, that though this bill had received the approba - c tion of a former House of Commons, that circumstance could pot preclude its being oppoied in the present. Many different motives might have actuated gentlemen of the lass Parliament, in the votes they gave on the subject of this bill, which did not now subsist, or ought not to operate. In the ardoilr of re - formation, then prevalent, many important proportions were before the House, and the people very urgent in their complaints : perhaps it was judged right to embrace the lmalleft innovation proposed, or perhaps it was a piece of delicacy, not to dif - iiifs in that House a bill, by which its own indejjend - ency was proiededly supported, but leave it to be rejected in the other. Whether these, or whatever other reasons induced the concurrence of the late House of Commons in this measure, the conduct of one Parliament ought not to govern any

succeeding one - - The principle of the bill now before the

House had never met his approbation; for it presupposed a degree of corruption avid delinquency in the Government, as west as among individuals, which, without proper evidence, could not fairly be affirmed ., It was absurd to infer, frotn the corruption of a sing e contractor, that every man of the fame description was incapable of serving his country with integrity. Why should government be precluded from intruffing '

the business of contracts to Members of Parliament, wheu perhaps among them might be found persons the belt entitled, to public confidence ? Gentlemen should properly consider how essential it was that this department of office should be faithfully discharged.. What great and irretrievable mischiefs might result from the incapacity or inability of a contractor

In the contract for remittances, for instance, and those for victualling our fleets and armies, how easily might negligence be the ruin of our forces ? It was therefore incumbent on the Miniffer to give contracts only to gentlemen of undoubted responsibility wherever they were to be found. His Loru - Ibip then entered into the structure of the bill, and adduced many objections, which, though they did not go completely to the principle of it, lie thought might fairly he urged against its commitment, b irft of all, - more was contained in this bill than its title and declared design could warrant; for it excluded not only contractors themselves from the House, but all tfiofe who were employed or interested in the contract. Now this cause might by contraction render many gentlemen ineligible, whose rights were not intended to be invaded, as most men of landed property had coals, copper, or timber, on their '

estates.

G

» 8$ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

t /

estates, all of which might be sold to contractors, and coafe - questly involve the owner in the restriction of this bill.

But the, proposed reformation would be as nugatory and xm - constitutional as it was unlimited; for what could beeafier than to evade its provisions, should contracts for the purpose bf torruption be actually bellowed, by holding them in the names of others, and lo deriving the emolument without the ineligibility here created ? On all these grounds, he was against the bill’s going to a Committee.

SirG. Vongct Sit George Tonge said, the noble Lord’s strongest objections went rather to the clauses than the principle of the bill, and as they served to /hew that the bill wanted amendment and was too Joofelv drawn, he could not but consider them as good rea - fons for mflering the bill to go into a committee, and in the committee, from what the noble Lord had said, he flattered himself they /hould have the noble Lord’s afli/lance. He expatiated on the enormous growth of influence by the di/lribution of lucrative contracts, and said ioo, ooooI. a year was thirty loft to the public.

EarlNx/grn/. Earl Nugent supported Lord Beauchamp, and argued strong ly against the bill. He said the Commission of Accounts was the source of salvation to be looked up to, and not such bills as that under consideration. They never had, nor never would produce any good to the country.

Asa proof of this he instanced the pension bill, brought in by Mr. Pulteney merely to recover his popularity, when it was almost loft. That bill was declared at the time to be the great cleanfer of that House, " to purge its gross humours and purify its blood. " What had been the consequence ? Let the gentlemen on the other fide the House antwer. They who were every day loud in declaring, that the House was more corrupt than ever. He considered all attempts to difqua - Jify men, and to exclude them from the fair enjoyment of hereditary rights, as exceedingly improper and unjustifiable.

It was not consistent with the true spirit and principle of out constitution. —It was a mean, nibbling policy, extremely different from the broad and liberal basis of the ancient fabric. j of our liberties; but there was an itch for reformation prevalent in that House exceedingly represensible. In the cen - sured notions bred out of this chimera, they snatched indif - criminately on every part of the constituion; and so that it bore the appearance or the name of reformation they were la - tisfied.

Mr Powis. Mr Powis attacked the noble Lord who began the debate on his mode of argument : his Lordship had, he said, reasoned

against

A. 1781. DEBATES. s8y

against the commitment on the very ground which evinced

itsneceffity, and had condemned it in one breath for being

too efficient, and altogether nugatory. The noble Lord surely

did not offer such arguments to convince the House, nor could

he be convinced by them himself, but had suspended his true

ones from foroe of those motives he had imputed to the last

Parliament, either wishing to concede to the people by the

most ineffectual reformation they desired, or to flop the pro -

gress of this bill in the upper House, as formerly.

Colonel Onslow made a humorous Speech against the bill. CoLOrjlcw. The Colonel not only disapproved of it on account of its being calculated to shut the doors of that House against the merchants in general, whom he thought one of the fitted : descriptions of people to fit in it, but on the general idea of its introducing a Spirit of innovation that might be carried to a dangerous excess. If this bill to exclude the merchants were passed, he Should not wonder to fee some other gentleman start up and propose to bring in a bill to exclude the military. As great a variety of arguments might be used in Support of Such aproposal, as could be advanced in Support of the present bill. We should then hear violent harrangues about the danger and the impropriety of red coats. And then at a future day, a third gentleman would be encouraged to rife and propose the exclusion of every naval officer, then we must have no blue coats; and after that a fourth might at - tempt to do the fame with the lawyers, and then we must have no black coats and great wigsj and to make that house again a Parliamentum tndoBumy an unlearned Parliament.

Gentlemen might reason upon the latter position thus : - *

" These lawyers come here merely to get preferment, to be made Attornies and Solicitors ' ( jeneral, Judges, and Chief Juf -, tices. Nay, Sooner than miss the latter object, a lawyer will consent to be a Chief Justice in air. They only puzzle us country gentlemen. Three or four of them get up, and make •Speeches of three or four hours long each, till we are so bewildered that we can Scarcely tell white from black. Let’s out with them, and then we Shall be the better able to un - deistand one another. " The Colonel Said, there would be juo. end to proje6U and alterations if the present proposal was adopted. He had other reasons also for opposing it. In the first place, he had rather at any time fit down with a gentleman than with his footman. If the bill passed, all the respect- able and wealthy men would stay out of Parliament, and they would fend their Servants and dependents to that House. In

fa < St,

a38 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

fact, if the, Miniflpr qhofe to practice corruption, it would be done in a much more underhand manner. Now every person knew who the contractor was; if the bill passed, the contract would go through so many hands, a great deal more of the public money would be wasted; if gentlemen, however, were violently bent on purifying that House and reforming it, let them begin with turning out all those members that were sent there by Dukes, and Marquifes, and Earls; we heard in that House of the Duke’s man, and the EarPs man, and the Nabob’s man, —men who recommended themselves solely by their oratory, who combined together in gangs, and getting a lawyer at their head, were sufficiently formidable to do mischief, and impede the operations of government. The Colonel added likewise, that he objected to the bill, because it went to take away a legal right from the elc£led\ and he should object to the bill, that he understood was to be next taken into consideration, because that was designed to take away legal rights from the electors. sir p. y. Sir P. 7. Clerkenow lose to defend his bill against those CU ' kt. various attacks. He pointed out the pernicious tendency of contraCls to the independency of the House, and called them more dangerous means of influence than any others in the hands of government. He alluded particularly to the favours conferred upon MefT. Muir and Atkinson, the latter of whom he observed was dated in the Jiff of the subscribersto the loan to have only 2CO, ccol. but all these dependents and connections appeared at the same time considerable subscribers. Similar x to this was the case of an eminent banker, whose subserip - tion was given at 60 ocoh while every clerk in his house had astonishing large sums to the amount altogether of more than 300, 000 ).

He animadverted with forcible reasoning on what had been advanced in objection to the bill, and particularly oil the arguments advanced by the noble lord who begun the oppofi - tion to it. It was rather Angular, that after so long a time, such arguments should be resorted to, as those advanced by the noble Iprd. It was a strange discovery, that the members of that House were to he prevented By the bill from felling to government the produce of their estates. No such idea had ever entered into his head : but if a member of that House went into the closet of a first lord of the treasury, and there made a secret bargain, by which he received three times the sum for his timber, his iron, of his copper, ' that it was worth, the bill interfered and discharged that tnembfcr from his feat in that House, because it was evident that he had an # interest

4

A. 1781. DEBATE S. a 9

interest jn maintaining the war in which we are so unfortunately engaged, and that his intered and those of his condiments were different. He ridiculed the affected terrors of the noble lord and honourable gentleman about innovation and incroachment. To be sure the fabric of the conditution would receive a dVeadful ( bock by the exclusion ofcontra&ors.

They were a fct of men for whom the constitution ought to entertain the greatest reverence. He begged leave to make an honourable distin&ion between the fair Jfed respectable merchant, who made his contracts at a public bidding, and ex -. ecuted them in an open, responsible manner, and the man who made parliamentary intered the ladder to preference and who was protected in cfery peculation for the fame cause.

He wished to fee merchants in that House : he considered them as the most respt stable men, when they came there in -, dependent, with the virtuous intention of guarding the commercial welfare of the kingdom. But it could be no hard *

Blip upon them to be told by an athat if they preferred a secret to an open contr3&, they mud give up their hereditary ' eligibility of fitting in that House. They knew the terms, and it was a voluntary surrender of their right on their own part, qot a violent djsfranchisement by Parliament. The argument also, that the bill would be injurious to the public service, because many contracts would require to be made in private : this was idle and filly : it did not prevent government from making private contracts; it only directed them, when they made such contracts, to seek for merchants who were not members of Parliament, and it was a libel upon that body of men, to say that there were not a sufficientnumber of men properly qualified to execute the contracts of government out of that House. Ij was equally puerile to say, that there would be danger in giving the contract at all times to the lowed bidder. There was no such provision in the act. It left a degree of discretion in government, sufficient to guard against the evi ) of intruding contracts to needy adventurers.

The bed bidder was not always the lowed bidder, and govern - ' ment by this bill would dill be left in the exercise of their judgment, to give the preference where it was mod judly due, and for which they would be responsible if called into quedion.

Upon the whole, there was not an argument advanced against the principle of the bill, though several had been urged that drongly inculcated the necessity of fending it to the committee.

Mr. Rofiwarne began with observing, that as this bill had Mr. been repeatedly the topic of parliamentary difeuffion, he did Vol. II. P p not

, y

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

ildt rife with any hopes of throwing new light on a subject, which itnift be considered as nearly exhausted; and yet, as a new member of a new Parliament, he could not content hiro - self with giving a silent vote on so important a subject; and as from his ( ituation, he never could possibly be a contractor, he felt himself more at ease in speaking his mind on this occasion. He then observed, thdt an honourable gentleman had said he by no means wished to exclude merchants, who had a feat in that House, from executing contracts, and that the bill would not prevent them; it only prevented their doing it improperly. Undoubtedly there was a salvo in the bill, that merchants may have contracts, provided it is at a public bidding j but gentlemen mud know it was impossible to treat for those things at a public bidding; the consequence would be that a number of persons, no Ways reTponfibie, would attend, and beat down the prices of all commodities infinitely below - the standard; and if such persons were the contractors, they would not be able to execute them, and the confluence would be, our fleets and armies would be ' either starved or poisoned. He then said he had heard no answer was attempted to be given to ary objection made by an honourable member, which appeared to him unanswerable : to w#, that the bill was nugatory in itself. He begged leave to purfae the argument a little farther. If ministers were really those corrupt creatures the other fide of the House painted them to be, and members were equally willing to be corrupted, would this bill prevent it ? Exactly the contrary; it would produce a dark, vile, secret corruption, tenfold worfethan that which was pretended to exist at present; and, instead of having men in responsible situations, amenable to the justice of Parliament, they would have none for contractors but such as Would be totally incapable of performing their contracts, and perhaps, when called on to answer for their conduct, they « Would rtot be to be fbund. But did gentlemen really think Bt was a necessary consequence of a member having a contract, that in holding a place under government, he was thereby induced to support government oh all occasions, even in case a minister was to attempt to destroy the liberties and con - flitution of the country ? From whence did they draw this conclusion ? Was it from their own feelings ? No; he would not do them that injustice; they did not really think it them - fel ves. It was the common - place language of every opposition, and increased in violence in proportion to the length of time a minifle ' r continued in office, and therefore it was not to be Wondered at, that it grated so strongly at pretent But if a

minister

A. 1781. DEBATES.

miaifter was ever to be hardy enough to attempt totttb tfcft experiment, and introduce a bill into the House really hoftite to liberty and our excellent constitution, he did not doubt but be would be as firmly arid determinedly opposed by a ' great majority of gentlemen on that fide the ' House, as by any of the con trad opponents of gentlemen on the other. That on the whole, there did not appear to be either policy or justice in the formation of the bill, and that he certainly should vote apainst it. He then reminded the House, that in a former debate he had mentioned his very peculiar situation and that in the niidftof the clamours for the reduction of salaries, hi ? own had been considerably increased; that his enemies bad dared to lepresent it as a vjte ele£Kon job, a secret bargain with the treasury, so that what he had considered as the great - eft honour of his life, had been through the malice of hi enemies endeavoured to be wrested to the ruin of a charades ’, he spoke in the hearing of many of his countrymen, which was before wholly irreproachable He added that he bad called on the noble lord in the blue ribbon to justify him from this infamous, false, scandalous aspersion $ but the noble lord not {peaking in the course of the debate, had notanswered his call; he could not therefore rest {atisfied. He called now ftftemnly on the noble lord to declare, on his honour, if there was the least ( Shadow of truth or foundation for the vile report If the noble lord hesitated to do him justice, he would certainly do justice to himself, by instantly resigniag the oflice, and paying into the public treasury every farthing he had received in consequence of the additional faiary, and,

then he Should at least have the consolation of knowing that he had served his country to the utmoftof his abilities, and that his Cervices had been rewarded with the approbation of his countrymen, which he should ever esteem a very great reward. His colleague was not in the House on the former occasion. Let him now declare whathe knew of the matter and whether his conduct on the occasion was not grounded on principles of honour and virtue. He beaded pardon of the House, but he could not rest satisfied, tilrthis matter was fully explained. -

Lord North apologized to Mr. Rofewarne for not having attended ’ to hisappeal to him a few days since; called on in the solemn manner that he had been called upon, he fek it in cumbent on him to do justice to the honourable gentleman’s character, but imagining he should have had occasion to rife in the course of the day, he had waited for opportunity;

Ihe debate, however, taking a. new turn, and getting onto ex *

P p a treme

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7$r.

treme length, it so happened, that no occasion had offered. Undoubtedly the honourable gentleman had a right to expelt that he should do him justice in assisting to clear his character from those calumnies and aspersions which some persons who were his enemies, and did not know him, had ventured to throw out; that affi fiance, he was extremely : ready to give. The honourable gentleman held the office of vice warden of the flannaries of the dutchy of Cornwall, and two years ago the lord warden presented a petition to the treasury, signed by almost. every nobleman and gentleman in the county of Cornwall, flaring, that the vice warden’s duty was extremely laborious, that the honourable gentleman dilGharged it with great ability, great fidelity, and Very much to his honour; and hat he was extremely ill paid for his trouble. As this petition had the moil respectable lift of subscribers names annexed to it, that perhaps were ever put upon paper, and as it spoke of the honourable gentleman in terms of the highest respect, the treasury immediately instituted an enquiry, and found every allegation of the petition true; it appeared on examination, that the duty of the vice warden was very laborious indeed; the honourable gentleman having sometimes 80 or 90 causes to try in a year, some of which took up two or three days hearing, and for which the honourable gentleman received a salary by no means adequate. Upon this ground it Was, and he did allure the House upon no other, that the honourable gentleman’s salary was augmented. With regard to the addition’s having been granted by way of election job, nothing could be further from the truth than such an infi - nuation. He had never seen the honourable gentleman but once before he became a member of that House, and so little did he know of his having any interest in a borough, he really could not have told, previous to his election, in what part of the county of Cornwall his interest lay. His lordship added, that Mr. Rofewarne’s return for Truro, was first announced to him by the public newspapers, and he could with the great - eft confidence assert, that the augmentation of his salary, as vice warden of the stannaries, was promised long since, ih consequence of the petition he had mentioned, that it was settled previous to the distolution of the last Parliament, and that it had not the smallest reference to election matter, in any one shape whatever. '

His lordship now said a few words on the question before the House. It was absurd to imagine, he observed, that if contrails were publicly disposed of, the highest bidder would be the most. responfiUe perfojn; on the contrary, it was the .. ., ~ ~. advent

C.

93

A. 1781. DEBATE S.

adventurer only who would contract on _ hazardous terms, while the monied man, able to employ his property in other channels, would require an adequate advantage for ierving the public. Where the trull was consequential therefore, it was requisite to give a discretionary power for lodging it in safe hand - s.

Mr. B. Gascoyne and Mr. T. Town/b now rose together. Mr. B. A dispute arose about the precedence; but Mr. Rofewarne having previously called upon the former, Mr. Townshend readily declined in his favour. Mr. Gascoyne said, had he not been caUed upon by the honourable gentleman to explain a transaction in whion he was particularly concerned, he should readily have given way to, one who had the faculty of speaking ever, y day and upon every question, but he could not forbear offering his confirmation to what had fallen from - the noble lord relative to the borough of Truro, which he had the honour to represent. He said, he thought it due to Mr. Rofewarne to declare, that previous to the general election, his acquaintance with that gentleman was but flight, he believed he had only once dined with him, and had sent him a few franks. That his being elected for Truro through his interest, had surprized him very much, when the news of it reached him at Liverpool, where he was attending the election of a near relation, and that the civility arose merely from the friendship of the honourable gentleman,

( which he hoped to live and die in the possession of ) and from jio election manoeuvres. He said he knew nothing of any intention that there was to ele6l him for Truro till the news of it arrived, and he never was so much surprized in his life.

Mr. Gascoyne said, farther, that both in Cornwall, and elle - where, whenever he had heard his honourable colleague’s name mentioned, it had always been accompanied with expressions of respect, honour, and esteem.

Mr. Townjhendrofe again, and attacked the three last spea - Mr. Tw -

kers with great vivacity, arid in the mofl facetious vein bifitnd, keen satire. The honourable gentleman who spoke last was certainly very right to express his gratitude for so Angular a favour from the electors of Truro, as returning him to Parliament. He did not wonder the honourable gentleman was surprised on the occasion. I confess, fays Mr. Townshend, it surprised me as much as it did the honourable gentleman Him - self—to be sure it would have astonished any man. How this matter of; Truro had crept into the debate was a little strange;

but he could not help saying a word or two on the mode of exculpation the honourable gentleman unde the gallery had

chosen

294

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781.

chosen to adopt. He is slandered ( said Mr : Townffield ) in fotne newspaper, and brings forward in his hand insinuations against himself, which, but for him, we never should have heard of —~ He is accused, it seems, of being corrupted j and who so, proper to refute th '; charge as the person who is supposed to have corrupted hims He calls then on the noble lord, and bids him avow himself his corrupter if he dare *. The noble lord, however, is hiont to tkk invocation, and so no doubt had been to the fee on d, if it ' had not been attended "With a threattooalarming to be disregarded. - ——I will refeind tny salary, fays the hone. irable gentleman, if you don ’ t clear tip my reputation ! The noble lord ' is immediately alarmed ! He shudders at the thought of any money going back to the public; and to prevent so dangerous a precedent, instanrly complies with the honourable gentleman’s desire. And now what is the noble lord’s state - of the transaction Why a warden of the stannaries, possessing a lucrative sinecure place, modeffly comes to the first lord of the treafufy, as guardian of the principality of Cornwall, and fays, my deputy has a very poor salary, and a great deal to do, pray give him fomethiig more ! The noble lord complies, and thinks he discharges his duty by augmenting the vice warden’s income to save that of his principal ! Who then can suppose any thing like corruption in so equitable a t ran fad ion ? Mr. Townshend made footle more smart attacks upon the premier and Mr. Gascoigne, and then applied to the qtfeftion, particularly t# Lord Nugent, with great success.

Colonel Colonel Hartleyfpoke in favour of the bill, and maintain -

Hartley. cd the propriety of restraining the government ’ n the making

of contracts, the extravagance and the corruption of their transodions in this particular - bad beeh long the subject of complaint and grievance.

Sir WilTiam Sir William Dolbtn also gave it his concurrence.

On a divj&on the numbers were

For the commitment : 6o. Agaiuft it 120.

The commitment was then put off for fuf months.

The order of the day was then read, for the second reading of Mr. Crewe’s bill, to restrain revenue officers from voting at elediorw of members to serve in that House. The gallery was shut against Grangers during the greater part of the debate, by which we are prevented from entering so particularly into detail as we could wiflu.

1 ? 1 m t / 1 •. S /•

Earl Nugent *

2

gcrous

A. 1781. D Br B AT E S

gerous and nugatory. He was an enemy to disqualifications of every fort and had never been in the opinion that they could answer any salutary purpose, either by purifying that House, or rendering the constituent body less corrupt.. He had said that Mr. Pulteney’s place bill, which was a scheine more likely in theory to produce salutary consequences than any of these chimerical notions, had yet proved a mere chimera. It had done nothing, if we believe the daily affections of gentlemen on the other fide of the House, that we were more corrupt than ever, anti that the influence of the crown had encreased, and was increasing. He declared that he did not think it justifiable in that House to disqualify a great body of their cohftituents, merely because they were useful and necessary servants of the crown, and valuable members of society. It was an illiberal sentiment to believe, that because they received a small emolument for their services, that therefore they were to prostitute their franchises, and give up their opinion to the disposal of others.

Right honourable T. Towrtjhtndwarmly supported the bill, Rtf H < MI and reprobated the vague ideas of the noble lord, that there was either cruelty or injustice in taking from excisemen their right of voting at elections. It was a disfranchifoment only upon certain conditions, and which conditions were fairly pointed out and specified. If the freeholder of any county, or the burgess of any corporation, chose to accept it under the condition of surrendering, while he held it, his franchise of voting. It was therefore a matter of election, and de - pended totally on himself. If he considered his franchise ftt - perior in valu6 to the office, he would reject the One and preserve the other. In short, being a matter of choice, a mere condition annexed to a valuable confederation, it could not - be either unjust or severe. On the contrary, he said it would be a kindness to excisemen to take from them this painful franchise, in the unftrained exercise of which they Were obliged to sacrifice friendship often, and opinion altnoft always. He mentioned several instances of severity in this particular, and several boroughs, where the independent interest had been totally overborne by this undue influence of the crown. He "knew boroughs, where, by the overbearing influence of excise officers, government had it in their power to place what gentlemen they pleased, without consulting the inclinations of the electors, or even taking the decent trouble of informing them who it was that they meant to impose upon them. By this means. it frequently happened that so

a96 PARLIAMENTARY A, 17&1,

far from giving a preference to the court candidate; from their opinion of his abilities, his integrity, or his zeal for their interests, they knew not even his person, and never heard of his name till it was declared from the hustings. Nay, to such a length was this system of domination and ilavery carried, that even the candidates themselves were unacquaint ed with one another, and when they met upon the hustings, or afterwards by accident ( for it seldom happened in such boroughs that the candidates took the pains to appear in the town at the election ) they would accost one another with a fort of distant civility : " Sir, your name——You have the 4 < advantage of me, " and so forth. All this unaccountable and slavish system, however, must be maintained, because innovation is dangerous. Whatever errors intrude into the ancient simplicity of our constitutiorr must be cherished because the fkiil of the physician maybe fatal. Such arguments were too idle to bear a moment’s reflection. This evil ought to be remedied. It advanced to an enormous weight of influence, and the disgracefu ) consequences of it brought obloquy on that House as well as ruin on the country. He mentioned one borough in particular, where the hereditary interest of an ancient family—an interest created by neighbourhood, and the exercise of every amiable virtue, had been totally overthrown by this corrupt power, and where the electors, with tears in their eyes, and with heavy hearts, were compelled to abandon their patron and their friend, to vote for a stranger, that they might preserve their places. A number of instances of a similar nature might be produced sufficient to convince the House that it would be kindness and not cruelty to relieve them from this disagreeable right.

Mr. Perci - Mr. Percival spoke against the bill, as tending to deprive a great and respectable number of the electors of this kingdom of their ancient and inherent franchise. He disapproved of all those plans of reformation. He said that in all those modern systems of reform, it seemed to be their design to give the right of voting to those who had it not, ~ and to take it from those who had. Admit the propriety of this disqualifying bill, and the fame arguments would go against any < & - feription of men in the kingdom.

Mr. Gref - Mr. Crefpigny mentioned an instance of a whole body of excisemen refilling bribes and menaces, when thrown out by government to induce them to vote for a man of whom they disapproved. These were his constituents, and he had therefore a right to say that they were not dangerous possessors of the right.

Mr.

A. i}8 « DEBATES.

Mr, RtUe supported the principle of the bill as tvtry and necessary measure of reform, by which the freedom of election would in a great measure be restored. In his own canvass for Devonshire, he had met with many instances of the cruel bondage in which the excise officers were held, and one in particular, which struck him very forcibly, A person who was an intimate and particular friend of his own, was compelled to vote for the other candidate, after having given him his aflurahee of voting fot him, in conference of a peremptory injunction, accompanied with a menace, that if he did not, he would be turned out of his office,; his friend {hewed him the letter, and appealed to him for his advice; be was himself determined to vote for him at all hazards, but Mr. Rolle said, he infilled upon it that he should not be the means of depriving him and his family of support, and infilled on his. voting on the other fide;

Lord John Gavtndljh ably contended for the propriety of the Lord jtbn

bill, the compassion, and also for the necessity,. He said, that this gentle *, easy, and practicable reform, was absolutely necessary, for things could not go on as they were; the people would bje taught by misfortune first to despise, and afterwards to Refill the legislative power.

On adivision, the numbers were, ayes, 86 ;, noes, 133.

A motion was then made to adjourn the second reading for six months Agreed to *

/ - r March22.

Mr. Mtnchinsaid, he could not decline bringing the pre - Mr.

font Hate of the navy before the House, because delicate peo - ibbu pie might fear it would prove dangerous to our future operations; he thought there was no ground for such fear. He coofidered that the greatness, commerce, and trade of this country entirely depended upon her navy, not even such a navy as would defend hercoalls, or such as might Hand a companion with any. other foreign power, but a marine force ftfperior to that of the whole House of Bourbon. When the nayal superiority of this country came to be ferioully disputed with us, it was time to look about and to be alarmed, and make the moll vigorous and Spirited exertions in order to turn. the balance in our favour.

• iJSe ought perhaps to apologize for venturing On this important enquiry; but as nobody else had treated of it thatfef - ssion, he thought it highly necessary that something should be fed upon it. Gentlemen might polfibly imagine that none but profelfiojftal men were competent to treat upon maritime ziA0l, II. c Qji " afrit;

PARLIAMENT ARY A. r78i

affair *; feutas what he shouki say, however, War chiefly upon accounts, and plain falls, which every man, from the evidence of his senses, could with ease make himself maflerof, although he ' might not be able to describe the - different parts of a mip, or treat of its navigation in technical terms, he should proceed, not doubting but he should make himself understood by the House in general. It is agreed on all hands, the navy of Great Britain, on which the very exigence of this country depends, and which had lately been the sovereiga of the ocean, was now so mutilated and dcprcffed, that that sovereignty was loft and overthrownVithout a ftroggfe, even without striking a blow. This was a circumstance, he feid which he believed would not admit of much dispute. We had, it was true, beaten the Spaniards last winter twelvemonth. We had triumphed over the Dutch, and were fupc - rior to our enemies in the West Indies, but that was but a partial fiiperiority,; a superiority liable every day to be wrested from us. France had been, and might shortly be again iuperior to us in those seas; but the circumstance which filled him with equal grief and astonishment was, that we had been inferior at home in the channel and the bay, in each of which places we had been obliged tb fly from a so - perior and flying enertiy. The fall was notorious, in our own channel, in view of our own coasts. It was no left so last winter Here he did not speak from common heaifay or report. The first lord of the admiralty acknowledged that Admiral Darby had but 17 men of war of the line tinder his command whenthe advanced frigates got fight of the French, confiding of 38, if not 44.

It was, he believed, unusual with that noble lord to represen t the force he sent out to be less than it really was; nc - vertheless he believed, upon good information, that to be the case in the present instance; for he was well informed that Mr. Darby, on the tft of December, when the French wot first seen, had 19, and on the 6th of December, when hi few the enemy the second time, 20 men of war of die line under his command. But what was 19 or 20, when opposed to 38 or 44 ? Nothing. Therefore, when he considered that this empire, formerly deemed die sovereigft of the sea, had loft that title without striking a blow, he could not differ any consciousness of his own inability to do justice to fee subjeH, to ' prevent him from bringing it under eonfidetadbn. The navy had been managed. in a manner so unaccountably impotent and extravagant, that femething most be deifc

A. 1781. D. IS B A T E S.

We could not go on in the fame wild and wanton trade, with out frftem, without ( economy, without exertion, and without fucccfs *

He trusted that this would be hut the first of a series of enquiries, from which such wholesome reformations might be made, as might tend to the great, permanent benefit of the state He wished to arrange the topics of consideration under different heads, that the House might have them in their order more distinctly. The first object therefore to which he wished to lead them, was to a subject of account And gentlemen, though they did not belong to the navy, they were still capable of examining the state and condition of our dock - yards; they would be able to judge, from observa - tion, of the number of our fleet, and to compare it with the sums that had. been voted for the purpose of raising and maintaining that fleet; they would be able to judge of the activity, or the indolence of our naval exertions; to compare what was done to what was promised, and what was nc - tefiary All this he conceived men who had not made the profemon their peculiar study might be able to do And another duty, as members of that House, and representatives of the people, they might be able, and they ought to perform; and that was, to enquire into the expenditure of the money which they granted for the navy with so liberal a hand, anu to demand a distinct and satisfactory account of its application This was the first topic During the late peace from 1762 for a series of years upwards the buildings, rebuilding ?, &c. bad never exceeded 400, 0001. but for several years past they had amounted to upwards of 6oo, ooool. In. the former perttid we had built 5 ships of war at an average annually, •and in the present period of war not more than three ships, though our navy debt is upwards of ten millions. T he rea -, fpo is evident. Sums of money had been granted year after year, ' for the purpose of building and repairing the ships of •war, arid estimates were given in to the House, on which the money was granted; but there were no checks, no vouchers tif the application of that money, and Parliament did not % > how that it was employed as aire&ed. No accounts w iat - Tiver Were laid before the Horise, to fhaw that that money jhid been fairly and fully expended in the service for which it n was Voted; but on the contrary, there were circumstances of ‘ptfeOfon the annuil estimates that the money was. not applied, ’ that the commisfioBers of the admiralty did not keep their - pfomife with the public arid‘that ships remained ftom year

PARLIAMENTARY

to year unfinished, demanding and receiving large fnens, of which no account whatever was given He could produce instances in support of this assertion. There were many ships in the several dockyards uftder this predicament which he could enumerate to the House, if he was not afraid of intruding on their patience. One of them only he would mention and this was the Narcissus, a Hoop building in Plymouth dockyard. In the eftipiate for 1777, the sum of 3QQ0I. was required for completing the Narcissus; and in note added to the article it was declared, that she would be finished. in the month of May of that year. In the year 77 *, so far from being finished, she wants more than ( ho did before, and 4000I. is given to complete her. In the year 1779 the Narcissus still {lands on the flocks, all the for - r mer money is gone, either applied, misapplied, or not applied, and a still larger sum is yet wanted to give her the finishing stroke. 5Q00I. is now granted, and still she is prpmifedto be finished. Another year comes, however, and brings with it, as usual, the Narcissus; 5040I. are now givenj and not a stroke has been given to her from that time to this, This was a single instance, out of the many, that appeared upon the estimates, of the conduit of the commissioners in this refr pe&. Perhaps it would be said, that though the money was voted fqr the specific purpose of repairing certain {hips, yet the money might have been applied to other purposes more immediately necessary to the service, and which were not foreseen at the time that the estimates were laid before the House. This was the pretext, he knew, which had always been given for this irregular proceeding; but, in his opinion, it was not an exculpation, though it was an excuse. An account should be given to the House of the application of that money. It should be specified and proved how it was eXr pended, that the House might have the satisfaction of knowr ing that it was not improperly wasted; that it was not put. into the ppeket of the first lord of the admiralty, or that it was not, like old stores and shipping fold for his benefit. He ' wished to see the practice in this case corrected, and for this purpose he meant to move for leave to bring in a bill, by which he trusted a plan would be established more simplein its nature, and less liable to abuse. The principle of it w s to provide that the commissioners in the several yards should be called upon to give an account upon oath of the sum of mo pey that would be wanted for the several repairs and buildings ( 0 be undertaken in the ye r, and that such eftunates should be r laid

( ^.

A. 1781 :. D > E B Ar T E # S *

laid before the House on their meeting, in order that a ( to, in toto9 should be granted for the whole of the navy service, and that this sum should be more than the estimates given; hut for all the application the commissioners should. be obliged to account. This would simplify the expence, and would take away the suspicions which lay against the commissioners in the present practice of the board. This was all that he would trouble the House with on the subjefb of accounts There were two assertions that had been made, both of which he should venture flatly to deny, and these were, that the navy of England could only be encreased to a certain point, and that it had reached that point already. He was aware, that these assertions were founded on an idea, that after the navy was encreased to the degree that our navy was encreased at present, neither more ships, nor more men, were to be procured. This he. was as ready to contradict, as he was to deny the other; and for the best reason in the world, because be was convinced that both ships and men might be had, if the proper exertions were made by the board of admiralty, and discipline was restored. to the navy *. It was, he said, with Angular pleasure, that he had lately heard a motion from < a noble Lord, for an iricrease of the number of marines,. That was a certain way to get sailors. Let any gen - tlem; vn move to vote for 20, 000 more marines, and he would, second the motion. The marines were the corps, which, if properly encouraged, would prove most valuable nurseries for our Teamen, a never failing fourefe that could not be fuf bciently cherished. One great cause of the deficiency of the pumber of our seamen was the desertion, which, according to the papers on the table far exceeded any thing of the kind last war; by thpfe papers it appeared that 1200 had been killed, fjbout 18000 flek and prisoners, and upwards of 40, 000 had deserted. This must be cured by some means or other, or H would be impossible to have such a navy as could diminish, at least, if not destroy the marine of France; for a noble lord had well urged in a former debate, delenda ejl Carthago : undoubtedly the qiarine of France must be destroyed; for if we made peace without having effected that most desireable purpoTe, it would be the peace of an hour only, and the next, we should find ourselves in a much worse situation, if poffi - Wc, than we were in at present, or than we were likely to be soon put in by a continuance of this mad, ruinous, and run £Way war *

u.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

- tfe complained of the flow manner in which the men work ed in the King’s yards He said, there were more ship - Wrights employed in Deptford dock - yard, than in all the private ship - builders yards upon the Thames put together, and reckoned in the aggregate; and yet it was notorious, that in Deptford yard the rule was, to build one ship of war ’ and two frigates in a twelvemonth, whereas the private ship - builders, notwithstanding the quantity of business which they did for the India company, for individuals who fitted out privateers, letters of marque, &c and for the merchants, built for government eleven ships of war, besides frigates and lesser vessels, in the same time This was owing to the total want of discipline in the King’s yards, and to an idea, Which though he knew it was a received maxim in ship - buil - ding, he could not but controvert, viz the idea that the longer a ship continued in her frame, with her fides uncovered, the better, and the more durable the ship would be when 6nished. Tender as the ground was upon which he was treading, ho, rtevertheless, would venture to step firmly, and to allure the House; that he had the evidence of his senses to suppdrt him in his aiTertion. There were, at this time, two ships which had cost the public very large sums indeed, that bad remained in their frames till the timbers absoltiteiy became rotten, and were forced to be taken out of them; he meant the Royal Sovereign, at Plymouth, and the Warrior, at Portsmouth The former was lb bad from decay, that even her keel was forced to be taken away, and a new one put in its Head These two ships then were proofs of the ‘truth of what we asserted, and might serve as a stimulus to covering in ships of war sooner, by which means they would ' be got ready for sea much more expeditiously, and the country be served more effectually.

He might adduce many other instances of a ( imilar nature, but he medtioned those only to shew, that the fyflcm of con - - tinuing ships To long on the fn&tne, and afterwards lb long on ‘the stocks, answered none Of the ends which had been fb pdmpbilfly held forth; he should therefore wifii that the > ships were run up on thefpur of the dccasion, in order that a Tudden force might be produced : and he was convinced that - the more expeditious method which the French had of compleating their ships was infinitely more proper and useful. He mad conversed with ( bme of the mod experienced shipwrigitts in England on the subject, and he was enabled to say, on their judgments, that after a ship had Hood in the frame through the

changes

A. 178. 1. DEBATES 3$$

changes of the wet and dryfeafons, that is, for a year, the longer Ihc Hood after that time, she received more injury than benefit. He complained very much of the negligence of government in this essential part of the service. It was common for the men to leave work at half past eleven to go to dinfner, and not return to work again till three in the afternoon. He few instances of this in the month of October last. A This want of discipline was the very worst of our calamities; it had been the means of that strange and uncommon ind - ease of desertion, arising from the impolicy of our impress laws, that had taken place in the course of this war.

He then proposed to the House two motions, the firH was, u That leave be given to bring in a bill for Hie better and more effectual making up and laying before Parliament the accounts of the sums expended for building, rebuilding, and repairs of his Majesty’s Https of war in his Majesty’s dockyards and other dock - yards in Great - Britaiiu"

This motion he intended to follow with another, ( C That there belaid before this House ' an account of the number of shipwrights employed in the dock - yards of Deptford, Wool - widh, Chatham, Sheerness, Portlinouth, Plymouth, Deal, and Harwich, on the iH of January, with the names of the fevciml officers in each yard. " The second motion, he was free to confess was a leading motion, and if agreed to, would fce followed with an enquiry.

Sir George Tonge seconded the motion, and said hifc honoura - SU We friend had his thanks for having caUed e attention the House to a matter of so much real importance. The minner in which the navy eilimates were presented to that House called loudly for some regulation. As the estimates were now managed, it was impomblc for any person to know how much we were spending, or how much longer we could fopport the war. It would perhaps amaze the House, but we were expending upon our navy 50, 0001. a day, a sum infinitely, he supposed, beyond what any gentleman could have imagined. With regard to what his honourable friend had feid relative to the slowness with which our ships of war were built, it certainly was greatly to be lamented and & ought to be avoided. France, it was obvious, avoided it, for there was one remarkable instance that had come to hit knowledge, apd he would mention it : and that was, the Viik dr Purify which, - as the honourabTe admiral who fat behind him £ Admiral ‘Keppel J well knew, was so crippled and hulled ik - the adtioaof the ayth of joiy, that she was with difficult

i t

3 ° *

PARLIAMENTARY A. I ? 8fi

ty towed into port and there obliged to undergo a thorough repair; nay, her very keel was taken out, and a new one put in; To that ( he was almost entirely new, when the workmen had done with her .; and yet this very Paris that went

into dock a shattered, and almost totally ruined gun

ship in the beginning of August, was turned out of dock in the April following an almost complete new hundred gun man of war This shewed, that the French could get their ftiips to sea much faster than we did in general, and therefore any measure that tended to give dispatch to the service of the aa - he thought, well entitled to the attention of that

Sir CUrles Sir Charles Bunbury made a very long and able speech on 4 ? « tnktuy. the subject of the navy in general, and every thing conncded with it. Sir Charles laid he could not rife to speak on so interesting a subject without returning his thanks to the honourable gentleman who had brought it on, and thereby ref - cued the House from the imputations it had lain under in the minds of the diipeflionate. and ' reflecting, for having. da the day of the naval estimates neglected the important qonfidera - tion of the fleet of England, in order to enter into a difeuffioa of what had been ftifficiently difeufled before and in full < as proper a place; the unfortunate condu£t of a much cenfored though highly rewarded vice - admiral. An imputation which the Parliament of Great Britain never could have incurred, had it not been led away by thSat violent spirit of party, which, at the same time that it inflames the passions of the weak, perverts the reason of the > wife; that baneful and

malignant spirit which preys upon the vitals of this enfeebled country, which damps its ardour, which cripples its exertions, and which threatens its destruction, even more than. die combined force of its formidable adyerf&ries, by proferibing ’ from its service, at this hour of difficulty and peril, the ablest and most distinguished of its citizens. Sir Charles then went into a detail of our situation, and said he was astonished at ha y ing heard a right honourable gentleman some time ago boast that we had 300, 000 men in arms, which was more than Lotus XIV. had. Instead of this he would have done better tp have referred the House to the example of Louis XVI Who was wifely using every means in his power to render his marine respectable and powerful. That example was worthy pi our imitation; the safety of Great Britain depended mot on ' soldiers, it depended on another description. ofr men it from m jmcrcafe, of quc marine alone that we £cruld

found

X

C.

A. tj&t.

t > E B A T fe S.

found any reasonable hope of putting an honourable end to the wap. That Parliament had given money from time to time for the service of the navy with a liberal, nay, with a lavish hand, was a circumstance too well known to be difpu - ted. How far the admiralty had done its duty, what degree of alacrity and diligence they had shewn in their conduit were facts to be ascertainedfrom an examination of the state of our navy, and a comparison of the number of ships built now, in the course of every year, with the number of ships buik in the course of every year last war. - When he con fide red that the sums voted for the navy service this war, ex ceeded, by one fourth, the sums voted for the fame service last war, and when the fact stared him in the face, that we built only three ships a year now, whereas we had formerly built five he could not compliment the admiralty on their exertions, he could not praise their diligence. He observed that falhionj, which governed every thing without doors, had found its way within those walls; and as in higher and gayer assemblies, ( he had shewn her influence by the new modelling of a cap or a buckle, ( o in that graver assembly had ( he manifest ed her power by the introduction of peculiar words and favourite maxims which fk > urished for a while, and then funk into oblivion. The favourite maxim of former years would not only be long remembered by the intelligent and reflecting gentlemen around him, but would never be forgotten by the most thoughtless and giddy of Englishmen. The noble lord in the blue ribbon had been graciously pleased to improve their frail memories by acts of Parliament; every thing they, eat, every thing they drank, every thing they wore, every thing they talked of reminded them of it. The maxim he alluded to was—America must be reduced to unconditional submission. The present session was ushered in with more favourable auspices, by the proposition of a larger number of seamen; and instead of a boasted augmentation of our enor mous army, as in former years, a modest reduction of it By the introduction of another war maxim, which had been echoed and re - echoed through the House, and seemed to meet, as he trusted it did, with general approbation, namely, that the marine of the House of Bourbon must be destroyed. If fhenthe destruction of the marine of our enemies was the great object we were to pursue, and the only means of attaining what wc all most ardently wished for, an honourable and ' lifting peace; that object, he contended, with all due defe rtnee to the opinion of the noble lord, and his right honoura - Vn. II .; : Hr We

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

blefriepd at the bead of the war department, could not be compaised either by regiments of cavalry, or independent companies of foot, however numerous; it could only be obtained by augmenting the power of the marine of England ' Here Sir Charles urged the propriety of employing thofeof the moil distinguished abilities in the department of the admiralty, and reprobated the conduit of the present cornmif - iioners, from the beginning of the war to the present hour, Rating the evils that had accrued to the country from their want of forelight, diligence, and ( economy; an instance of the latter, he proved from the papers on the table, that die whole expence of the navy for the ear 1762 ( the most cpft - ly of the late war ) amounted to 6, 308, 2051. whereas that for the year 1780, came to 8, 853, 2491. That is above two millions and a half more, though in 1762 we had 89 ships of the line, and in 1780 only 86. Sir Charles took notice of the war with Holland, and declared he knew npt how he was to aferibe it, or how he was to account for it. The spirited and chearful North Briton might rejoice at it, and promise him self a rich and golden harvest, but as an East Briton, as the representative of a large manufacturing county, which touched not an ear of the precious corn, which reaped only a crop of thistles, an accumulation of grievous taxes, who mourned the event, and daily felt its fatal consequences; he must beg leave to deplore it as a melancholy circumstance. It was a poor comfort to his coastituents to be told, that there were people in the island of St. Euftatius, at fame thousands of miles didance from this country, as miserable as themselves, The adventurers in privateers, and those who were concerned in letters of marque, might rejoice at it; they had, he heard, taken many Dutch vefleis, but he had not yet heard of then getting any Dutch cargoes. The ships they had hitherto taken were chiefly freighted with English property, with the property of their next door neighbours. He rejoiced aft heartily as any man at the success of his Majesty ’ s. anus. The capture of St. Euftatius, considering that we had forced Holland to join the number of our. foes, was an important event; how far it would prove a glorious one, depended altogether oh the vise that might be made of it. If it qpflafffiA the arrogance, of the Bripfh mioiftcy, if it iedufced itaw use more lordly and haughty, language, when th Je VWft treating for peace, it wouldbc a melancholy prize .; if, 00 the other hand, it was properly ufp it would he a trw valuable, capture, though he wry to say *, « s #tap wp sullied by the seizure of private property, a new W disgraceful J

A. 1781.

D E 3B A t E - Si

graceful system of war, unknown to civilized nations. Hfc doubted not, however, that a Britishi sovereign would in - flantly restore the detained merchandize to the owners, as he. would not harbour the idea of a monarch of this country being excelled in generolity by a French King, who had lately, in the moll liberal and noble. manner, ordered the restitution of their property to the subjects of Grenada, as one of which fie waS happy to give this public tfcflimony of his admiration and gratitude. He advised his noble friend in the blue ribbon, not to suffer those commanders and proprietors of privateers, who had huzzaed him into the war With Holland, to prevent him from making peace. He knew His benevolent and pacific disposition would induce him to do what he had advised. He said, he used the word, because his noble friend’s mind was peaceably inclined. The conciliatory proportions which, in spite of the clamourous oppositiort both of his political friends and foes, he had with so much magnanimity, and so much to his own honour brought intd that House some few years back, as well as his"having sent out

Sittupiilioners to America, proved that he panted for peace.

e conjured his nobte friend, therefore, to use his endeavour tp inspire his war - enamoured colleagues with the fame pacific tentitiaents with which he was himself inspired. He conjured him to be a warrior for peace; he Would fight undet his banner, and endeavour, by the abundance of his zeal, to atone for his lack of ability; but it was not only the flendet aidof such bending willows as himself that he would acquire; fie would likewise gain the powerful assistance of the most able and distingiiifh d amongst us, the sturdy oaks who support this tottering cotiftitution. Let his noble friend lose not a moment in so laudable, so expedient, so necessary a pursuit t In the mean time, " encrease the navy, " the phrase should be echoed in the noble Lord’s ear, from day to day. He added,. ‘‘Nay, I would have a starting taught to speak nothing But NAV Y, and present it to him, to keep his recollection 891 In motion.

In brdet to do it, let every shipwright in the kingdom be employed and let the industry of the workmen in the royal of ryards, be extracted by every possible means; let it be c44duraged by emoluments, let their sloth be driven away py ’ j&e terror of punishment ! To forward the great work.

encrease of the navy, ifct every joiner and Carpentet in mp hvugdom, every man wfio knew the use of the adze afld the chine ), bfc Cnliited iftto the public fctvice, Eve ' rjr man of

R1/ tW4

3P$ PARLIAMENTARY A, 1781,

this description might be made useful, and join in forwarding that great end, without the entertainment of which, it was impossible to expert that war could be carried on with success. To prevent the alarming and unparalleled desertion which happened this war ( more than 40, 000 having deserted ) he recommended the restoration of discipline in the navy, which had been much relaxed; he censured the pernicious custom of turning over men to different Chips, which made them take a disgust to the service; and he urged the necessity of augmenting the corps of, marines, and empowering the captains of ships to rate the marines as Teamen, when they knew the business, without obliging them to repay the bounty - money as heretofore.

IfT. ftnton. Mr. Penton said it had fallen to his lot from year to year to have occasion to rife and make the fame explanation. The. honourable gentleman who made the motion, had founded his principal complaint on a matter, which had been explained to that House over and over again, viz, the mode of voting the money for the navy upon estimate, when it frequently happen ed that the particular service provided for one year, remained to be provided for the next, and again the year after. It had before now been complained of, that the efti mates of one year did not agree with the accounts of the enfuingone, and it had then been shewn, that it was impossible they should ever do so. The honourable gentleman was aftonifned they did notcorrespond, and he should be morefo, if the case were otherwise; for the estimate only related to the probable expenditures, and those which became necessary pauft by a thousand caufts be often widely different; nor could it be the intention of Parliament, that every sum granted should be invariably applied to the specihc purpose for which it was demanded. If sums of money had been allowed by that House under the description of its being wanted to forward the building of any particular ship, and unavoidable circumstances prevented the business being carried on, surely there ' could be no impropriety in appropriating that money to uses more immediately necessary for the services of the state ? such as repairing, &c. which enapled government to send out a na - - val force more speedily than if they were to employ men of pew bottoms. The fa& was, when any service arose sudden - ly and preflfed, the attention of the dock - yards were turned from their regular work to that particular duty, and in that case, as in regard to the Narciilus, the sums voted for other purposes were applied to the particular necessity, and Parliament was retorted to again for another provisioni for the fot > -

jest

‘V

A. 17 81 D E B A T. E S.

je& of the former estimate. This method of doing the business had the sanction of long established usage. It had been adhered to for above a century, and indeed he saw no other method that would answer equally well. Various cases would Occur to gentlemen, to exemplify what he had stated, and to prove how unavoidable the practice was ., In the case of a hurricane, for instance, where several ships were suddenly dismasted, gentlemen \yould fee it was rmpoflible to foresee and provide agai nft such an event, and yet the ships must be immediately refitted. The honourable gentleman had not previous - ly communicated to him the particular instance he meant to adduce in argument, consequently it was impossible to answer precisely concerning thestateofthofe ships he had mentioned; out this he would observe in general, that the honourable gentleman was much mistaken in supposing the long seasoning of ships to be unnecessary; it was a very requisite piece of caution, as every shipbuilder well knew, and if the honourable gentleman had consulted professional men, he flattered himself the honourable gentleman would have thought differently upon the subject. With regard to what had been said relative to the King’s yards and private yards, he had In his hand accounts of the sums paid to both the last year; about

250, ooool. had been paid to private ship - builders, and 420, 000 !. to the royal dock - yards; it was clear therefore, that in the latter the most business had been done; He could not, he said, agree with the honourable baronet on the floor, that to take common carpenters, and every man who knew how to handle an adze into the dock - yards would be of any service; on the contrary, he should think that description of persons would rather impede than forward the work, exchifive of the improbability of the real shipwrights consenting to mix with men not bred to their business.

The estimates of which the honourable member had cotlW plained, such as they were, were just such as had been madtt for a century back. To shew this, called to the clerk, who read from the Journals of the House : a motion was made on the 26th of February, 1739, c That to apply towards defraying the ordinary charge of his Majesty’s navy, or to any head contained in the ordinary estimate thereof, any sum of the public money exceeding the fufn granted by Parliament for that purpose, is a misapplication, and ought to be prevented which passed the negative. He hoped that the present pnotion would have a like fate, and then concluded by say - jpg, that to eftfiblish a permanent mode of stating the navy

account *

3 6

Mr. Mix -

Admiral

MtfptU

' calamity which had been, unfelt before in this country, and unprecedented ' in the British service, and if it was so, itmuft arise from a fault in discipline somewhere, a fault of a very criminal and enormous kind. That 1200 only should have been killed in battle, did not at all surprise him; for the number killed by the enemy was in general very fipall; but that 42, 000 men should have deserted from the icrvice, was a novelty in the British navy; it was a circumstance which of itself would convince him of the neceftity of enquiring into the date of the navy, and adoptingTome regulations for the improvement of its order and discipline. He thought some measure should be adopted to prevent desertion, as many thousands who had cost the country 50I. 60I. or 70I. a man, had never been serviceable to the amount of one penny : this was a grievance which had some years since been noticed by a gentleman who is now no more ( Mr. Dowdeswell ); he wished it would be seriously thought of by some gentleman of abilities at this time, as it was a matter of the greatest movent It was his ultimate wish to serve his country on all eccadons; as he was now excluded from doing any thing in Us own professional line, he. should content himself with giving his free and unbiased opinion of public measures in that House, As to the employment of marines on board, it Was a measure which had been thought of when he was at the Admiralty Board, though not adopted for some time after wards. He considered it as a very useful regulation, and he sincerely wished that there was a body of marines brought up uxpressly to serve on board, though he never wished them to wear a red Goat, or any badge, which difUnguished them from the fellers. How the business was retarded in the royal

dock *

PALLIA ME NT A R Y A. 17S1.

accounts by an a 6kof the legislature was both superfluous and impolitic, because an order of the House might point out any mode which the sentiments of gentlemen, in every particular year, or the situation of affairs might make moil eligible.

Mr. Minchin replied, and complained of having been tnif - understood. He also declared he had been in a royal dockyard not long ago, when the shipwrights left off at half after eleven, and though the bell rang for their return from dinner atone, not a stroke was struck till the clock had gone three.

, Admiral Kepptl rose principally, he said, to take notice of a circumstance of the utmost importance to the country, and which called for the most sober inquiry; and that was, that we had loft forty - two thousand eight hundred men men by desertion in the course of the present war. This is a

A. 17 1. DEBATE S. 3

dock - yards beyond that of the merchants yards, he could no otherwise account for, than that the men belonging royal dock - yards were frequently, from necessity, called out to re - pait ships not in dock; at Spithead this was often the case and the men ordered on that duty could not do more in a week, when there, than they could have done in one day, if the ship had been in dock.

Some men who were coqne&ed with Ministers, had declared, they wished our fleet might meet the French and Spaniards. He hoped to Qocj, if the French had failed, and joined th ? Spaniards, our fleet might pot meet them. He did not wish to paint matters in a black colour, but he could not help feeling, that if our fleet fought an enemy so vastly fu - perior as the combined fleet mud be, the consequence might be such, as this country could not eaflly nor soon get over *.

He declared he was aftonifliecj to hear the Minister’s friends when he met them in the streets say, they did not know whe - : ther the French fleet had failed or not. Had Ministers no, copper - bottomed light ships cruizing oft Brest Harbour, tut bring them early intelligence of such an event, and to com ?, muiucaje it to Mr. Darby ? Surely they did not wait for the post to bring them the new, s through Brussels, Flanders or the Netherlands,; in which case they would not receive it till a fortnight or three weeks after the French had failed ?.

He did not mean by these questions to take upon him to dc -. clare that the fa& was so. Perhaps Ministers had light pruizers off Brest for the purpose he had mentioned : he hoped tkw, had.

Sir HughPalltfer rose, he said, to give an account of the Sir ipcafures which the present administration had taken to in - crease the navy of England, and make it superior to those of France and Spain. It had been rnftnuated, as if no prepara -.. tion had been made by the Ministry to put this country ip a. slate of defence against a war. The inflnuation was to his. knowledge totally ill - founded. After the family compact it was foremen, that the greatest naval exertions would be net ccssary to enable this country to maintain its superiority over the House of Bourbon : it was foreseen that whenever was Ihpuld again break out with France, it would also break out with at the&me. time 2 formerly we had to do with

tW ? power# aJtwna ly - apt together; hut the family cotu past gavn rpafun tpfnppose that a rupture with, one, WPiuJd. he i « PWdj$teiy. ftdloujed byarupture with thepther. As one,

an. im 4uajMity

• -, t a ship

y

31 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ship timber was procured, and vast quantities of naval ( lores, the feeds of future navies, were purchal ' ed with those funfs the parliament had voted; the dock - yards were absolutely crammed. As soon as it was observed that France and Spain were arming, the number of our ( hipwrights was cpniiderably encreased in all the dock - yards, and the next flep was to procure, yet a greater number; and this also was strenuously attempted, but without success, for the nation could not afford any great addition of these; therefore, as a substitute, it was resolved to increase the labour of the former compliment in the yards, till one fourth more work fhlould be done than before, by the fame number of hands. This expedient would infallibly have succeeded, but for the interpolation of the enemies to this country; we know not whether they were foreign enemies or domestic but our enemies, conscious that with a great navy we must be victorious, intervened, sowed dissentions among our workmen, and poison - ed them against this new plan. Associations were then formed among them : petitions and remonstrances were sent up to the navy board; committees were appointed; and delegates and deputies were sent up to London, to treat with the navy board, in the nature of a Congress.

He did allure the House, he was speaking serious truths, truths that had fallen within his own knowledge; for he had tlj ? honour to preiide at the navy board at the time. As to the ’ present Hate of the navy, he could not speak t; o it.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke said, he reprobated the little, irilignificant atftl contemptible endeavour of throwing obloquy on the afibcia~ tions, by this species of ridicule, and he pointed out the futi :. lity, or the criminality. of the fact, if it was true as aflertipt ! If it was true, it proved we had no government in this country, as that government were not able to maintain or r and obedience even among the workmen of a dock - yard, but per -, mitted every little combination of journeymen arid apprentices to defeat the measures that were adopted for national ’ salvation. The family compact took place in 1762, near twenty years ago, and the present administration had for ? seen. the evil of a war with France and Spain, but they W ’ ei prjeV rented from providing against it, by a combination of jour - neymen; such nonsense was at all times beneath his notice; but if Ministers dared to tell a British Parliament, that oii ? misfortunes were, all owing to a confederacy among the ship - wrighfs, they were highly criminal. According to ’ thehr idea, not America, not France and Spain but a iadierablb

CQBh

e

A. I7 ? i.

D E J A T E S.

3 3

committee of fliipwrights had vanquilhcd this country. If Ministry knew of k, why had they not applied to"Parliament to enforce obedience ? To acknowledge they knew of it, and yet to oWft that they never had applied to Parliament, was an adrtiiffion of their guilt. The honorable Vice Admiral hid thrown out something concerning associations, deputies, &c. He said, associations had been held, petitions presented, &c. the intent of which was to have an enquiry made into a seeming abuse in the expenditure of public mo ndy, and praying that it might not be lavished away in pensions, sinecures, &c. but appropriated for the services of thb ♦ Hate. These petitions were disregarded, but those of men belonging to dock - yards could not be refilled, the Ministry were vanquished by them; the navy was in a slate very in « fcrior to what it ought to be; and the nation would probably feel the fatal Cdnfequences. ' We at present seemed to exult in the leisure of the private property of the inhabitants of St. Eustatia which might be repeated at Curacoa, which istand might probably be in our hands at present; he said, the moment that the people of St. Eustatia had surrendered. to our arms, their island was as much ' the property of his Majesty as was that of Barbadoes, and the people as much his subjects as were those of Great - Britain; and confe - qoentty, mufl be rpbbery to seize their property, to which they had a right from the moment of their surrender, asbe - ing tpfifa3o Britishl subjects.

Admiral Keppel said, he thought it due to the Duke of Admiral Richmond to declare, that the dikrontented ship - wrights had gone to Goodwood, and fought the noble Duke’s protection, when h$ ififtantly bid them go back to work, for he neirer would encourage any thing that tended to shew a disposition to fly in the face of discipline.

Mr. 2 ?. Gascoyne said he could not fit still infilence, and Mr. B. Gas - hear affertionsj which, if uncontradided, might tend to mif - cc - >, 8e lead the public. Jt was laid, that 42, 000 men had deserted from the service in the course of the war, and this computation might be accurate |. but was it therefore understood that all these men were loft to the service ? By no means, a great number were retaken, and still greater surrendered for fear of fH ifhtnent, fp that, in fast, very few werq actually withdrawn. from the service altogether.

As to the attack on his honourable friend, the gallant Vice Admiral, relative to what he had said of the enemies of this country having poifohed the minds of the ship - wrtghts; his

YoL. II, S f honour *

3H PARLIAMENTARY A. ij8i,

- honourable friend ( Sir Hugh Palliser} had neither mentioned. foreign enemies nor domestic enemies, but Rad used the term, enemies generally That the mil hW was dope by the enemies of this country was, undq ) N edly true, and he verily believed by the very fame jcnc -, mies of their country, who had, by infilling the spirit of, affbciation into the minds of the people, apd planning cojn -. mittees of correspondence, thrown the nation into w fer - the effects of which they had witnessed the Taft year, ihion all government was ' overborne, the dignity of that

-, House debited, its honour trampled upon, its authority de. Ipifed, and the House, as, it were, taken by stor ni and held

. prisoner These very enemies, whose aim was to destroy and ruin the country.

Mr. Burke. Mr, Burke rose with some warmth, and called the honour - able gentleman to order. ' He said, that theft attempts of depreciating the petitions of the people were Ihameful ^ cre ridiculous; such arguments, as the honourablp gentlemao ’ s, went not to the attack merely of the tumultuous, but alfbto the legal petitioner. He knew how to hold as well

as that geptlemap, or any man in that House; there were Qfffieiatms, which had his raoft sovereign, undifg iftd contempt while, on the contrary, he was the member of, oi cof. a very different complexion indeed, who had petitioned for reducing the influence of the Crown; but their dutiful and

- humble petitions \yere contemned, while those of the difeber dient apd refractory were attended to; the navy of England

- might ftaod ftiil, but the influence of the Crown most. pow

on. i [,

Mr. Gas - r Mr. Qaft ° X e appealed to the Chair, whether that was Wne ' speaking to order ? ( \

Mr Burkei ftid, if be Was not suffered to deliver fii sentir

. ments, l an4r honourable gentleman went on accepting that i > de of, t e House, with having been the enemies of their. country, an l the cause of last year’s ipifchiefsj e would move to have his word ? taken down,

Mr. Gap Mr. Gafctyne said,. be would not retract a fy liable, but. would repeat his expressions word for word. violent ( rycf

Hear, Hear, Hear. A Take down > Take down 7 ] ‘Qnf > which he said, u Hear ! Hear ! Hear ! such cries wiirnot Marmine, nor deter me from doing my duty. " He noyv repeated, That the gallant Vice Admiral Jiad neither mentioned foreign nor domestic enemies, but had used the term enemies generally. That the mischief was dope by the enemies of

A. i ? 8u E Bi A T £ 9 *

tbit country wasundoubtedlytrue, and, he verily believed tjxt fame enemies of their country, who had, by infusing the fp it it of afiocifttion into the minds of the people, the effects of, which they had witnessed last year, to have overborne all government. ' Chefe, he ' said, were nis words, and if any gentljem to have them taken down, he would a aii repeat thetn. Having paused for forrie time, he declared that hp did ' pot include the honourable gentleman who had called him to order in the number of the enemies of his country. No mpn respe&ed him more than he did. Let thorn in political opinion ever fb widely, he should

tcontinue to r$g rd him as a true lover of the constitution, as a man whole integrity and honesty were equal to his great and sinning. ? talent *. He meant well, and he had done his country some - service; but no more of that : but he could not, with patience, fiierttly hear any thing, which gave him an of - porfunity of - reprobating a fyuem, which had overborne all order, infringed every regulation of society, and almost brought the nation into the rude Hate of nature. What did gentlemen on the other fide of the House do at that time. When they had by the riots, as it were, put government intd a cleft flick

If, when all authority was trod under foot, and all law and order subverted and destroyed, government exerted its powers, and put an end to disorder by the {Ironjj arm of the military, then the cry was, t€ they were tyrants, they acted oppreflively ! " and if they did not, what was the cry then } that they were fools.

Mr. Dempster wandered that any gentleman should at this W time rife and inform the House, tfiat the Admiralty Board ' were prevented carrying a necessary plan into execution, because the carpenters, &c. had formed themselves into bodies to defeat it. If such combinations had been entered into, hpw came it that the House was not made acquainted there with, that they might have considered of measures to make it beneficial to them, and of service to the nation. If a mutiny had taken place among our workmen, the business ought to undergo an enquiry; and he Called upon the Vice Admiral, whose opinion he held in the highest respect, to acquaint the House, when this mutiny broke our, and why the executive power had not been called upon to quell it, and pumfh the offenders ? The gentlemen on that fide of the House had always expressed an ardent desire to have the navy put on ftfe - n ft respectable footing, considering it the great

' S f a buh *

3 ' S

r. Dmf *

3x6 PARLIAMENTARY A. ’ 1781.

bulwark of the nation, and it could not be denied that rto - tions for additional grants of money for that purpose had originated there. He could, however, hardly believe the Vice Admiral to be i# earnest; but if so, if there were such combinations that produced such consequences, and tb Twere kept a fee ret from Parliament, it demanded themdft ferkras enquiry, and he pledged himself to the task. /

Sir Hafb Sir Hugh Palliser replied, that as the plan with which she I saijtr. workmen had been taught to find fault, was beyond the line j of their ordinary duty and agreement, fb it was political in them to adopt or reject it; consequently could not be ployed against them. The association, he find, broke oat some time in 1773 or 1774.

Colonel Colonel Roberts said, that he held himself bound to re - M$l > ertu late to the House a fa£l which he could speak from his own knowledge. At that melancholy sera, when he was made the prisoner of that House ( a loud laugh ) he was at Plymouth; and he saw the very ships, the Royal Sovereign and Glory, in their cradles; and so far were they from being alraoft totally rotten, as an honourable Member had represented them, that he believed there was not an unfound rib in either He had spoken to the ship - wright, and had asked him, if there war not danger in having them so long exposed to the weather; who replied in the negative; and said, that there was no danger till a green fur ( the man’s own words ) should appear on, the timber; then, he said it must be covered; but at the time they were speaking, there was none of this green fur on either of the ships in question; and the ship - wright declared to him, that they were both perfectly found. And he was moreover, informed, by very good authority; that ships were much the better forflanding on their frames. v

S ' r£ J ' Sir P. J. Clerke said, that as no application had been made to the House for their interference, when the dilpute happened in the do k yard, such cfifobedience and refractory coflduft could not be now brought well into argument.

The House then divided on the question, ayes 45; noes 147.

Mr. Min - Mr. Aftncbin said, that after the fate of his first motion, ] chin. seeing that all desire of reform was at an end, he would not, trouble the House with his second proportion. *

March 26.

A petition was presented by Lord Sheffield from the Sheriffs of Coventry, acknowledging the offence of which they ' had been guilty, and the justice of their punishment, but praying at the same time, in the prdinary terms, that the 1 4 House

X

k

3 7

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Hotife would accept df their submiflioo, and discharge them from die custody of the Serjeant at Arms. An order was made 0&1 this petition, to bring them to the bar the next day, to be reprimanded by the Speaker, aryl discharged.

% ' Mr. IfbomasVn/lowbroughtup a petition from a numerous Mr.

body of the innholders of England, stating the grievances which they laboured under by the distribution of the military, and the particular hardships which they suffered from the wanton waste and havock which the dragoons made of their hay and straw, contrary to the true meaning of the legislature, in the act by which they were quartered upon them, and contrary to every idea of justice. It prayed the Hoofe to give them such relief as to their wisdom should seem meet.

Mr. S&retary atIVar said he should not oppose bringing up Mr

the petition, but he thought it necessary even at that moment1 ? to fey femething upon it. He then went into an argument td prove that the hardship suffered by the innholders, on account of the quartering of the military now, was not greater than the hardships, suffered on the fame account all last war,

and that tht practice had the fariftion of at least a century; that it originated by the authority of the legislature, and though, as in all times of war, it might at present operate more severely on feme individuals than on others, the general good resulting to the service and to the public greatly overbalanced that consideration. He begged the House, however, to recollect, that innholders exercised their trade by permission, and flood upon a very different footing from most other persons in business.

He said further, that two years ago, he should not have ' wondered at any particular complaint upon the subject, because at that period he knew the hardfhjp, if it could be called one, was much greater than at present. With regard to the number of innholders who had signed the petition, that he considered. as no recommendation, because. undoubtedly, if solicitors had been employed in different parts of the kingdom, to obtain names to be subscribed to a petition, the object of which was ' the attainment of a relief that would affect every innholder indiscriminately, there would befcarcely one person of that description in the kingdom who would not willingly have put his name to it.

In the last war, he stated that there had been two petitions from innholders sent up to that House, but both of them went upon grounds very different from those in the present petition; each the former petitions alledged feme speciiic

case

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

case, and upon that case prayed relief; the f relent petition wan couched in ' general terms, and stated no particular fa&. With, regard to the firftof the two former, the House thought it right to grant fomc relief; when the second canje, it was so evident, that the practice was extremely beneficial to the public, and that nothing could be done, which would relieve the inn - holder, without materially injuring the service of the army, that the House, in order to put an end, to all further application on that head, ordered the petition to, be brought. up, and when it had been read, ordered that it should lie on the table. That the practice did not now particularly oppress innholders, he was warranted to afiert for two reasons, the one was, that the excise revenue had been notoriously much larger for the last year than any preceding year j the other, that no complaint of any kino had reached him in his official capacity, excepting only one, and that he would state to the House. The case, he referred to, was a complaint trans m it ted to him, and came from an innholder in a capital town in the county of Essex. The complaint stated, thac the dragoons that were quartered upon the complainant had wilfully wasted the provender, and that the foot soldiers quartered upon him had injured his furniture. The House would fee, that those two allegations went specifically to the two great damages which a publican had a right to complain of, and for which, if proved, the offenders ought to be subjected to exemplary punishment. This complaint, 2s he had stated it, was transmitted to him in the first instance by the party complaining : as soon as he had received it, he Tent it down to the Commanding Officer of the military stationed in the town, accompanied with an order immediately to institute an enquiry, and report the result of it to the War - Office. The Commanding Officer in question did so,. and sent up a report, which he would read to the House. The report stated, that a board of enquiry was immediately called, and specified the names and rank of the members of it. It also stated, that the innkeeper was called upon to make good his charge, that in consequence he appeared, but behaved most insolently, terming it a mock Court, and declaring, ? s the facts alledged by him were not to be tried by a court martial, he would not attempt to give evidence of them, because he was Cure that he should obtain no justice from such a Court. In a few days after receiving this report, the Secretary said he received a second letter from the innholder, repeating his complaint, and desiring justice. Without regarding the insolent behaviour of the innkeeper, the Secretary laid, he. sent a second order to the

Com -

3 9

A. 17th. DEBATES *

Commanding Officer in the town, to call another board 6f enquiry, and again to do all his power to ascertain the fads dated, and even if the innholder continued his insolence, and refused to take upon hrmfeif the proof of the fads alledged, to try by himself, and those under his command, to get at the truth, and to report accordingly. A second report was In consequence sent up, which Mr. Secretary also read to the House, whence it appeared, that the innkeeper again expressed his contempt for the court, and after insulting the officers who composed it, refused to produce any evidence; upon which they broke up, but, by order of the Commanding Officer, an investigation was made into the truth of the accusation in both instances, when from an inspection of the stable ?, and of the innholders house and furniture, it was evident that the accusation was altogether false and groundless. The Secretary reasoned upon these facts, and as they made up the only case which he had heard of in the course of the last year, ar

, gued that there was not any great probability of the truth‘of the allegations contained in the petition just mentioned by the honourable gentleman 5 but at any rate, he said, before the House proceeded to any steps, further than the mere suffering it tq be brought on the table, it was necessary that some case or other should be made out and proved, in order that there might be a foundation for any measure, which the House might think it ri ht to adopt in alteration of the wife and useful practice first adopted by our ancestors, and continued in use For above a century past.

Mr. Joilijfc said he could not help differing from the right Mr. honourable gentleman who had just spoken. He believed that tfiere was great ground of complaint on the part of the innholders, on account of the much higher price of provisions of late years and at present, to what provifiqns cost formerly.

But as the right honourable gentleman did not object to the bringing up the petition, it was needless for him to, go into ar *

gument upon the merits of the allegations at that tijfce.

General jBurgbyru took the part of the military against thcoeamt innholders, and said, that in many ’ instances the having dra goons quartered upon them was a matter which the Innholders much liked, because so far from being a burthen, it was a ' blessing to them, ias they derived a profit from the circum - stance. He was aware, that in the home counties near London, where straw was dear, this might not be the case, but in country towns, at a distance from the metropolis, the case was widely" different. In many parts, the innholders so far from talking of waste of provender, &c. desired the dragoons to

use

320

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 x.

use as much draw as they would, thinking the quantity of dung that was made from it, well repaid them.

Mr. Onslow Mr Onslow said he did not mean to move any question on the business at that time; he would be satisfied with having it laid on the table. Some other Members spoke, and the petition was ordered to lie on the table.

Sir Gtvgt Sir George Savile now rose to make the motion, which had § vUe, J > cen intimated to the House, relative to the late bargain made for the public, and the distribution of the loan. The honourable Baronet began with dating the particular and various dif - advantages under which he called the attention of the House, to a subjectc sufficiently important in itself to merit their mod serious consideration, however little he was entitled to any Share of their notice. Among others, not the lead of his difficulties was, he said, his own personal illness, having got out of a lick bed to come down, and appear in that rood, odious of all characters, an accuser; and was to bring his ac -

cufation before judges, who were themselves fufpcCted of par -. ticipaung in the objeCfc of his charge : but though what he

• should bring forward might look like a charge, it did not in fa& make him an accuser, the odiousness of which cfiaraCkr nothing could sanctify, but a consciousness in the person

_ ( who appeared as an accuser ) that he was a&iilg from no im - pulse of malice, no desire to blacken an innocent ( pan, no wife to lay a false imputation at the door of any man but merely to search out the truth, and to fee if the suspicions that were abroad were well or ill founded; in that light then he dood, and was no accuser, but a person actuated by Jade appearances to suspeCfc there was something wrong in a late transaction, and desirous, as well for the fajee of those again# whom those prima fade appearances conveyed suspicion, at for the fake of the public, to go deeper thap the surface, and to fee whether the suspicions had foundation or not. He had, no intention to move the House to any positive conclusion on the matter. He had no confident charge to bring, which he was to prove by evidence. He merely intended to, propose to inquiry, which might or might not lead to future accufat$ 8. - He did not, therefore, stand in the light of ap accuser, a character which in some instances was judicable, and in some praise - worthy; but he merely called the House to a. point, of duty, and presented theppi with the indictment. They, as the gr nd jury, were to enquire into the faCls, and find that it was either a true bill, or not a true bill, agatn/fc the parties. This was the fjtuation in which he now stood. He owned that even with these mitigations it was a painful

one.

A. 1781. DEBATES.

one—it was a difficult and dangerous situation. It must always be painful and grievous to animadvert on the faults, or the crimes of meh; and the generous mind will feel the em - barrafsments that arise from honourable delicacy, even while they are influenced by the respect which they owe to duty, and to the faithful discharge of the trust which their consti - tuents have placed in their hands. He felt 2 11 the pain and danger of complaining in this instance, but he could not be diverted from the performance of an obligation, by any regard to motives that were merely personal to himself. Perhaps, he said, it might be ft a ted as an objection, that it was now too late to institute an enquiry into this very Angular and disgraceful bufiiiefs. He was anxious to remove this objection in the out - set. He was ready to confess, that from motives of prudence it was too late to prevent or to alter the bargain, under all its improvident and corrupt extravagance, but it was not too late tocenfure the Minister for making that bargain— perhaps to impeach and punish him—by which at least this good consequence would arise, that future Ministers would be taught not to spert with the public in a matter of so serious a nature, and not to entertain the prefomptuous idea, that Parliament would not assert the right and authority which they. possessed, to cheque and corrttoul him in the bargains which he made. To say that because the bargain was made, and the business finally concluded, the House ought not, or could not with re - trospective inquiry and censure disturb that transaction, would be a do$rioe, which, he trusted, no one would venture to advance. It would be a doctrine pregnant with the mail uro - coastiuitianal spirit and alarming consequences. The consti - tutiop had veftfed ministers with very ample powers, but italfo veiled, that House with a full and complete right to enquire how those powers Had been used, and consequently a retro - fptft into the conduit of ministers was the constitutiontl appendage of parliament j if it were once wrested from it, it werehttter that the government should a flume openly the form of .; defpptism, than that it should be carried on and maintained hydefpotism, under the appearance of freedom. The povn r of parliament could never be exercised in, the punish - ipenf of Ministers for such species of delinquency as that he had in view, if any limitation of time was admitted, or if the Hty fe, was to be precluded from deliberating on a loan after it had received its own previous concurrence; for the Minister, in this case first took away the right of interference from that Hdufe in settling the k > an, by creating an. emergency, by which they were of necessity governed. The votp in Vot. IL - Xt confc -

PARLIAMENTARY A. ij8i,

consequence met their assent, for one inconvenience being weighed against another, it appeared better to come into exorbitant demands, than have public coffers deficient for the ferviCes of the year. But surely a vote so obtained Was not to fereen the Minister, who hid wilfully plunged the House fhto such a dilfcmma, or fereeh his coiidudt from a legal in - veftigation. Sir George contended, that this was the ground bn which the House of Commons had agreed to the Minified bargain; it was that of a balance of inconveniences, in which the inrbnveniency of flopping public business, and of doing a Ihing that should seem to strike at public credit, was greater, as was alJedged, than that of consenting, for one ', to an agreement extravagant and disadvantagtous in its terms. That being the footing on which the House had given their faction to the new loan, it was a matter still entire, and to Which they were fully competent to examine the principles oa which the bargain was made, that the precedent might not Hrike deep, if it should appear to be a bad one; but that it might receive a timeous check from the censure of that House. Take from Parliament this inherent and necessary right, and you cut up the conilitution by the roots. It would from that - moment bea mockery and a farce; and the Minister would have all the advantages and powers of despotism, without any of its inconveniencies or its dangers. He would stand fenced round with forms of limitation, while at the same time he was actually unrestrained. These formalities of freedom ani publicity would take from the minds of the people those fuf - - picions of delinquency which in a despotic Rate is the weak cheque which the subject has upon the sovereign; and they Would be more completely duped, cheated, and abused with this shew and mockery of Parliament, than if the lass parapet of theconstitution were overthrown, and they were dedependent oto the mere will of a king or of a miniRer. Having said this much, the honourable Baronet proceeded to the matter immediately before the House. In instituting an inquiry into the management and diRributian of the loan, he Was aware, that whatever he should happen to assert, would be instaatly declared to be of no consequence, unless he should lfo bring the proof. He would be careful to avoid any other arguments, therefore, tbah such as were made evident and con ciufive, either from the acknowledgment of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon himself, or from thd actual and notorious circumstances of the Joan itself. The terms of that loan \stre so unaccountably extravagant that without defeending to any other matter, they furnished a sufficient ckufe for drawing

A. 1781. DEBATES.

the attention of the House, and exciting them to a very mi - v nute and careful examination. If not less than between eight and nine hundred thousand pounds were loft to the public in the Rrft year by the extravagance of that Joan, it was a sufficient reason for enquiry, and a sufficient reason for censure. It was a circumstance of notoriety, that the scrip had borne betwixt 8 and 11 per cent, in the market, Was not this fa& of itself sufficient tocaJl the attention of the House f The noble Lord} in stating the terms of the bargain, had allowed them to be 7 per cent, but in this he had forgot, or chosen to suppref$ the circumstance of the interest to be paid the fsubscrib rs ip advance, which brought the douceur to a. confuferabje sum, more than that mentioned by the nobje Lord. T his was evident. The garblings which had beep use. d in the distrU but ion, and the injustice with whiph it had been divided, was also a fa& in the knowledge of the ffoufe : for from the face of the lift which lay upon the table it appeared that great afyi immense sums were in the nappes of persons who could have, no title to them from responsibility, or from having subscribed to former loans; it was seen that the clerks of the bankers, had sums which could only be held for other people and that they were in fa& held in this manner for Members of Parliament, who are aftiamed themselves of jaypwing what they had the meanness to a£ ., On the other fide it was feeriy that the most opulent and respp£Ub ! e names in the pity, tjhe men who had constantly subscribed, and sometimes suffered by former loans, had been altogether rejected or had beep treated wi4h such ' ipjiustice, that the most criminal "partiality was difeb - yerable on the face of ifc. This then afforded new grounds for enquiry, and especially as it was but too plain that all the tnjustice, and all the partiality, and 11 the extravagance had, been committed for the purpose of corrupting. Parliament, nd adding to ‘the influence of the Minister. This was Jat fcaft the iufpicion which had gone abroad. The constituents of that House entertained sentiments of distruft, and believed that they had participated in the benefits of that loan, to the injury of their constituents, whose property they were appointed to guard and prote < ft. It became the House, by a full and free enquiry into this business, to rescue their character from so ignominious an imputation as that of profiting by a bargain, sanctified by their concurrence, which defrauded and impoverished their constituents. ‘For this important reason, and also with the view of checking this jfpe - cies of corruption in future, if it had been pra&fted, which be ipkomly deqlvjed he thought it had, as well as of teaching

3 4

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781

both ministers and money - lenders that Parliament had the power of punishment, of correction, of alteration, and of total dissent in their hands—it was that he brought on this matter; and with this view he moved, "That a Select Committee be appointed to enquire into the circumstances of the last loan, to make an estimate of its terms, and report the feme to the House. "

Mr Mr. Byng rose to second the motion. If the honourable ba -

ronet, fays he, feels his fitufction to be a trying one, good God ! Sirt what must mine be ? To him is committed a general explanation of the term of the loan, and its general profligacy, while to me is reftrved the irksome detail of invidious personality. But, Sir, whenever my public duty calls me forth, away with all private considerations, for though I fee and feel the disadvantageous situation in which I have placed myself, I am fully prepared to meet it.

Considering the loan as an evil to be endured for publicbe - nefit, and not for the private advantage of any set of men whatever, I cannot but approve ’ of the early invitation of the noble lord to the moneyed interest to ’ fend in their offers; they obeyed the summons, their offers were unconditional, and as early as the end of November and beginning of December. 1 cannot but repeat my approbation, as the notice was general, and being early and general, the public might have derived advantages from the gradual preparation they were enabled to make; they were not obliged by hasty Tales to lower the old flocks to such a slate, that the bargain must become fatally disadvantageous to public credit. It also. gave full time to the noble lord to ’ enquire into the efponfi - bility of the offers. So far so well. But mark the sequel; you will find that though many were invited, few were chosen. Responsibility was soon loft fight of, and the just claim of those who under the general invitation had lodged their money, was given up to the more pressing necessities of members or Parliament. Surely, Sir, candour, nay justice demanded ah early apprifal of the ' intended flight. If under pu -

- biic faith they had a prior claim, public justice called on the noble lord to have supported it. But, Sir, their offers met not even with a decent rejection; they were/kept in suspenfe till the inordinate profit of ten per cent, announced it to be

- a premium calculated only for those who felt the kind support f Mr. Atkinson ( for to him was committed the distribu -

3 Tion. of - this extravagant profufipp of public rooriey ) save when the secretary of the treasury ft retched ' forth AheaHrtg ' - ' ‘ ~ haad

A. 178, 4. DEBATES.

hand to the needy member ., And here I cannot refrain frdffi marking the repetition of injaries sustained, first, by the loss in drawing their money from the old funds, and again by be ing driven to the necessity of purchasingin the new with a lots of ten per cent. All former support was forgotten; the loss felt in 1778 had escaped the memory of the noble lord,; and if it had not, what would it have availed ? The obje£fc of a loan of twelve millions was either too great or too little to attract his notice; it was already delivered over to other hands. Nor did theinjustice rest here, for though their of1 fers were unconditional, they found these only favoured who had extorted from and pinned the minister down to the most unjust and extravagant terms.

Having pledged myself, I shall endeavour to state to the House such matter as I have collected, and which, if the motion is complied with, I engage to prove to be matter of faSi; at the lame time lamenting, that I cannot in the present moment discover all that 1 know; the confftft in my breast, between my duty to the public and my private honour distreftes me greatly; my duty tells me I ought to conceal nothing; but when I consider that many material points have been told me in confidence, and that in regard to other information I might endanger the loss of bread to individuals, I find my duty in this instance for once giving way to my private feelings.

Having endeavoured to arrange this business under different heads, I shall first read to the House a list of offers from gentlemen to the amount of 1, 426, 000 !. gentlemen well known on ’ Change, known to have prepared their money to make good theie offers, who almost to a man were thought sufficient and responsible men for the losing loan of 1778, and who proved their fufhciency and responftbility by making good their payments in that loan. To comment on each name would tire

the House; the day would be inefficient for the recital; I shall only therefore touch upon a few occasionally, and then proceed to other matter ( Here Mr. By rig read the lift : of names, their tenders, and the quantum of each ) When he came to the names of Stratton and Rodbard, he observed that the case of this House was particularly hard. In the year 1778 they made a tender of 97 0001. they were kept in suspence till two or three days after the budget was opened; it was declared a lofingloan, and the whole was fixed upon them; but such w ' as their responsibility, that they not only. made gooc their payments, butttdvanced at the first payment 6o, ooool. but 1 ' the

C.

PARLIAMENTARY, A. 7781.

the ftoble lord has told us it was impossible for him to comply with the extravagant requests of individuals, and that men asked for more than they meant to have, or were equal to Now, Sir, let us fee the unreasonable request of this House. They who were equal to 97, 0001. in the losing loa asked only for, 30, 0001. in 1781. The fame delay, the fame suspence, that they experienced in 1778 they felt in this; the Saturday came; ten per cent, was announced to be the premium of the day; when they received their letter

to acquaint them that they were to have - — what

None. Thus were the men who had aided the public loan with 97, 0001, in 17 78, at a loss of three per cent, deertied inefficient to be trusted with 30, 0001. of a loan where ten per cent, was to be gained. No, Sir, their pretensions were forced to give way to those of another kind; and here i cannot avoid opening to you the claim and

of the members of Parliament to those of Me firs. Stratton and Rodbard, whohadno other arguments than responsibility, great Losses in former loans, and a firm confidence in the ju - slice of the ftoble lord, that he would aX with fidelity ' and impartiality, while the members of Parliament could address him in more moving terms, Have I ever disobeyed on ? treasury letter ? Have I ever been abler ) t on any pressing vote ' ? Have I ever ventured to have an opinion of my own ? Consider the risks I have run, the dangers I have exposed myself to, and the actions to which I am liabLe in getting here. Will you deny me then my share of the bounty I aov about to vote ? Oh, Sir, I fee the old fores of the losing subscribers at once neglected and forgotten; while every application is given to heal the green wounds received in a late election. Brookfbank and Ruddle wrote for 100, 000 !. they had none for themselves, but found Mr Brookfbank’s name made use of for 20, ooool. to cover one whose name was not to appear. Mr. George Cappadoce wrote for 50, 0001. he \i agent for a million of Dutch property in the funds; his first f > ay « roec t was lodged ready in the bank, and though a usual subscriber, obtained nothing. At first I apprehended, thathavr ing Dutch connexions might be the principal reason of his experiencing a refusal, and that the bargain was too advantageous to admit of any foreign conneXion to partake of it} ’ the policy of admitting foreigners to our loans, the advantages or the disadvantages of borrowing their money on these terms is a questionl will not enter into; it is not to the fucfent point; but I soon loft : fight of that fixrmifc, for I

found

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

found the greatest sum allotted to any one house was to one ' usually called a Dutch house; so that all reasoning on that head is at an end. But having mentioned that House, I cannot forbear ( though out of its place ) to present to you a curious piece of management arising out of tlje portion allotted to this House. I mean, Sir, the house of Gurnet, Hoare, and Harman, one of the moil capital and respectable houses in the city, a house remarkable for plain and sincere dealings; the sequel will mark to you their line of conduct. Sir, a gentleman waited on them to request permission for him to be included in their lift, with a desire that his name might not appear; he added that he had authority to allure them that the 6o, ooool. ( which was the quantum he wanted ) should not be taken from their share, but it should be in addition to what they wrote for, Mr. Harman gave a plump refusal, explained to him the nature of their dealings, which Were open; that their lift was visible to all included, in it, in - visible to the mini Her, that there might be no distin&ion shewn to any particular proprietor; that all bore and were to share their equal proportions; that they would have just ground of complaint, if they saw this requisitkm granted, entire to him, and the rest of the subscribers confined to their limited shares. That ’ it was at the will of the minister to give or not to give them any, but that whatever theconfe - quences might be, they would not recede from their rules. The tender of this house was for two millions; they were made frequently to believe they were to have a half, and sometimes amused with a hint of more, but at last found themselves cut down to 560, 0001. But, Sir, what must their surprise be, when they found that 500, 0001. only was for themselves, and notwithstanding their absolute refusal, 6o, ood. allotted to the gentleman. Sir, they immediately went to Hammersmith, the place of the gentleman’s residence, complained to him of their treatment, infilled on his going immediately with them to the minister, fully determined to £ive up all rather than lose any part of the credit they had always preserved, by their plain dealing. They went to th treasury, where, after waiting several hours, they at last Ob tained an interview with the noble lord, or his secretary, to whom they opened their resolution '; from him they received the fullest assurances that the 60, cool, should be separated, and an order sent to thy Bank accordingly, I know not whe - thet/it wept, but I find the orders of this house difot

When I moved for a list of subscribers, I meant real subseri - bers, and those I will bring to light, if the House will comply with the present motion; but, Sir, perhaps the House will desire to know who this favoured gentleman is; they have a right to it, and I will no longer conceal him. It is Mr. Paul Wentworth. - Oh ! Sir, I believe there is in this instance concealment within concealment; for whom this 6o, ooool. was so concealed will be a part of my duty in some future ftege to expose.

He then remarked of the 240, cool, for Messrs Crotfs and Co. that he verily believed 40, ocol. only was for the House, the remainder for concealed members of both Houses.

I understand. Sir, that a member of this House waited on, the confidential secretary of the treasury, demanding such a quantum of the loan for himself and friends ( those friends his superiors in rank and fortune ) and that their names should not appear; the secretary for some time refilled, ( I wifti. Sir, he had been master of that inflexible virtue of Mr, Harman, whom no arguments could seduce ) but he was made of other materials, and gave way to the terrors of this menacing member, who I can allure this House was in the alley on the Monday, felling of omnium, though none appears in his or his friends names.

Mr. Byng then read a list of capital persons who sent in offers to the amount of 3, 487, 0001. and who had not a tenth, feyeralof them great lolers in the year 1778. [ He then read a list of upwards of two millions, who received all or nearly all they asked, among whpm were Messrs. Mure and At - kinson 200, ooool. observing that he could scarce think this was all they had, as he found the names of Messrs. Smith and Sill, attornies to Mr. Atkinson, were set down for 67, 000 !. and which he knew was not for themselves. ] As the noble ' lord, fays he, has delivered over his power to those, in : authority under him, I find a superior influence throughout in every subordinate situation, When I look for the master I iind the clerk; when I look for responsibility I find a name, - and searching after that name, the odds are that no industry can trace him, but such as my labours have been able to produce, I shall give the House. Mr. Drummond’s house is set down for &4, ooool. the credit, character, and responsibility in which that house Hands, I own, made me eonfider that sum beneath my expectations; more particularly ' when I find

500, 0001. in the name of Mr. Dent, on which 500, 000 !. I will not comment a moment. When houses of grtat etedit I obtain

A. 1781. DEBATES.

obtain a lumping sum, we well know that it is for themselves, and those that lodge their money with them; and I under ( land the reason of the Teeming disproportion between Mr. Child’s house and Mr. Drummond’s was, that Mr. Drum mond gave in another lift of friends, which I must call his secondlift.

I make no comments on either; when a list comes in the name of any banking house, they become a security for the payment, the public are no losers, but so far I cannot help, observing the evil tendency of a distin&ion between the diN ferent banking houses. Mr. Child’s house received near two thirds ( if I am rightly informed ) of the tender they made to government; Mr. Drummond’s about five eighths, whilst those who lodged their money in other houses, partake some a tenth, and others a sixteenth; this is giving a wound to the credit of those houses, for here government tell to the public the superior advantages to be obtained by lodging their money with their favourites. They turn the misfortunes of the country to their private advantage; it is a direction post to the house. But, oir, with regard to the third lift, that of Meftrs. Drummond’s clerks, might I request of my honourable friend to set me right, if I should offer any nances that are really not truly what I state them to be. He then read

the names of clerks, in whose, names subscriptions flood to the amount of four, hundred and thirty - eight thousand pounds, from forty rone thousand pounds to fifteen thousand pounds, except Michael Fovaux, who flood for six thousand only, and who holds for Alex. Moriat. Mr. Byng observed, that where the sums were large, there was concealment; but when the sum was for fik thousand pounds only, a real owner was permitted to be acknowledged. He observed, that the fame rule of increase to clerks was pursued in other cases.

I find. Sir, ten thousand pounds set down against Mr. Mad - difon’s name. Mr. Maddifon is broker to MefTrs. Drummonds; from what I can learn, he is perfectly equal to such a subscription, but to each of his clerks is allotted twenty - five thousand pounds; to the clerk of MefTrs. Cox and Mair twenty - five thousand pounds : these are a few of the concealments that I have thought proper to produce : you will be able to detedl more, and expose to the public the causes, why one million has been delivered over to men, who, con - feious of the grounds on. which they have obtained it, are under the obligation of being secreted; their names will not be " ht.

U ti

But

33

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

But I beg to be underftdod, not to arraign the subscribers in general. Capital house, responsible and r. efpe&able, are the terms that mark many hodfes in ipy lift of obferyajtions; nor < jo I totally condemn all subscriptions ( landing in tlje ~ names of Members of Parliament; bankers and monied men ‘itoay aid a loan; but if I had applied for, and obtained any part of the loan, it would have been depreciated, as 1 tnuft have fentthe whole to market. How many do I fee in the j lame fttuation with myself ? It carries a double. evil, the glutting the market, and making us instrurnents 19 favour a bad bargain; and that it has been a bad bargain, let the premium, not of a day, but the premium, that no ipanageipeot could reduce, shew. He then read the daily price of the omnium.

Monday, March 12, 9 i~4th a i - half

Tuesday, March 13, 9 j - half a 10 1 - 4th

Wedriefd. Mar. 14, 10, i - half a 3 - 4 a to

Thursday, Mar. ic,. 10 a 9 3 > 4ths a IQ Friday, March 10, 9. - 4 a 1 - half

, Saturday, March 17, 9 i - 4th

Monday, March 19, 9 a 8 1 - 4th a 3 - 41S1S

Tuefcjay, March 20, 8 i 4th

Wednesd. March 21, 8 1 - 4th a 8

Thursday, Mar. 22, 8 a 7 1 - half - a 3~4ths

Friday, March 23, 7 i - half a 6 i - half a 7 1 - 4 11

Saturday, March 24, 7 i - 4th a i - half a 3 - 4

Monday, March 26, 7 i - half a 8 i - half

It even rose under the pressure of every art; and the ' friends of the Minister used every effort to lower the credit of the nation, in order - to raise his, On the Monday I almost thought they would have effected it; Mr. Atkinson’s broker gave the turn by felling an hundred ' thousand; and the confidential friends fold likewise, the confidential friends without names, those who held under concealment. On the Tuesday Mr. Atkinson’s broker fold another hundred thousand, and the fame game was continued; but on the Thursday, finding every trial inefficient, they were even reduced to tfic necessity of entreaties, and they called on subscribers to fell, in order that the premium might be lowered before this day As the noble Lord had fejrved them, so ought they in their tarn

1; 11

A. t ? 8 *. 0 "E B A f € fc. " ' '

to ( i¥t6 RHfu This tra ? thfe language of the ministerial run. - nets. But Sif, such toils the extravagancy of the terms, that the file of between fix and seven millions could not bring it ddwfttothe wished - for level.

T&tfs has the pUrfe of this country been delivered over tp few who have not had even the decency to preserve apr pea ances; No rule to guide, but the will of individuals *

No tnOe judged necessary, hourly alterations macje

Captain Liird obtained ten thousand pounds of the loaift who Only £ffived a few days before the noble Lord opened his budget; But Captain Laird is the friend of Mr.. Atkin - foii : nor Will you wonder at alterations made a f w days be fate, when T am able to inform you, that alterations were made after the budget jfras opened. After the premium of nine per cent. Was given, the lift was retained in their hand ? for three days, for the purpose of making these scandalous,

I had almost ft id felonious alterations. SJir, I have now done, having delivered to the Hohfe much of the intelligence jt have obtained; and 1 must here observe, that if I am not ablq to prove what I have advanced, I shall hbld myself culpably to the House, to the public, and still more so to myself. I do therefore call on the noble Lord, if he wishes to retain thji character of ah Honest man, that he Will not blink this matter t let us go into the inquiry, and if I prove not my after j tfens, I ant a calumniator; if I do, then let the nobleXor < make feme atonement tojhe public, at least by a confdSoa that he has been deceived, and that he will guard himself in ftrtuie against such deceivers. What 1 ask is for the public not as matter of favour but of right. Let not this House, let fiOt the representatives of the people, become parties to, and give sanction to concealment, by a vote for concealing, the dark transactions of an exorbitant and corrupt loan.

Earl Nugent opposed the motion, and declared it; to be, his opinion, highly improper, dangerous, and uhneceiTary.

Act that had fallen from the two honourable gentlemen was df little Of no importance; cOtlld they prove, or had they attempted eiren to infinOate, that the peTfons, among whom theabblfc Lord had distributed his loan, were not responsible, Qfnhat they had not made the deposit ? Xjnless they could prtW$£bit, they could pfove nothing, tt whs hot by the dif - t8feb$ofa ot aldJtrtj btrt by the terms of it and the respoa fi - bUky - ' Of the substrribers, that the public could be aflte£te4 The - ibbte Lord had tekeh cate 6f ikt latter ohjetts, and

; rw U u 2 ill

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781.

» in the former he had undoubted discretion. It \yas no natter =of public concern, who were the persons who had subscribed to the loan, provided the fubforiptions were all paid in regularly at the stated times of payment. The noble Lord infilled much on the regard which the House ought to have to the necessities of the public. In all inquiries of this fort, they ought ever to be guided in the exercise of their power by their diforction. There were times in which it would not be fast in the House of Commons to persecute the Minister for the bargains which he made, as there might be more loft by the calling the transaction to account, than there was by thcoc - cafional, and perhaps the unavoidable extravagance of the bargain. This had always been the wisdom of the House, and he trusted, that it ever would be so. But gentlemen said, that partiality was visible in the distribution of the loan— was that a novelty ? It ever was, and ever would be the case, that ministers would do more for their friends than their enemies—ministers had done it in former administrations; theyhad done it now; and ministers would, continue so to do to tnbvend of time. The honourable gentleman who ( poke last, had said the other day, that he had a list of responsible persons different from the real subscribers at present, who would have taken the whole loan upon better terms for the public than those which had been granted. If that were so, he should have thought that lift would have found its way to the noble Lord for a fbare of the present loan. ' He had once had the honour himself to propose a loan in that House, for the Duke of Devonshire, and he remembered that Sir John Barnard disapproved of the terms of it, and thought them not sufficiently advantageous for the public. Mr. fieckfoid, at the fame tune said, he could produce a list of responsible nlen, who would take a loan for the sum then wanted, on better terms for the public, but even Sir John Barnard had disapproved of the proposal, declaring that after a Mtnifter had made a bargain, though Parliament had undoubtedly a right Of controul, it would be an unadvifoable measure to alter the terms; and upon what had Sir John Barnard founded his idea ? upon a conviction, which he stated to the House at the time, that it would hurt public credit. It would be a tab in the way of future loans, and would throw difficulties in the way of the Minister in subsequent years, which might be dangerous, if not fatal to the state. This was the reafoa Of prudence which had always governed the Hotaft ofCoa -

• i. ' ♦ - ' "v

A ijt *. DEBATES.

333

mom in regard to loans. Undoubtedly they had the power of controul, but in better times than these they exercised it with discretion, Gentlemen now seemed offended that Members - of Parliament should Subscribe to the loan : the language of opposition in former days was very different; for then the complaint was, that the members in opposition did not get as great a Share of the loan, as those in the administration; but no one attempted then to say that Members of Parliament ought not to subscribe at all. He recollected very well, that of the occasion which he had mentioned, when he proposed a loan, the only complaint was, that gentlemen iti opposition had Scrip given to them with a very sparing hand, while it was dealt out plentifully to those who supported administration. It was quite a new doctrine, that Members of Parliament. ought not to subscribe to the public loans; or that it was inconsistent with the duty which they owed to their constituents, The noble Lord did not think that there was any injustice done to those who had loft in 1778, or in other Unprofitable years, that they had none now, He did not think that any regular mode of division could be adopted without great danger and great alarm to public credit, To establish any fixed rules, whereby the distribution of the loan might be determined, and particularly to pass it into a law, that those who have been losers in one loan Should have large Shares in another, would lead to the doctrine of making the loans a ’ monopoly. Upon the whole then, the noble Lord entirely disapproved of the motion. It could lead to no good, and it might do much injury. The things of which the honourable gentleman had complained; were not the errors and the faults of loans that required correction. The chief fault was in frequently giving sums to persons who were unable to make good their payments. This, he confefied, deserved attention.

Mr. Adam supported the sentiments of the noble Lord, and Mr.

opposed the motion, as exceedingly ill - timed and improper.

- He disclaimed, and recommended it to every individual on that fide of the House, properly to resent those false asper - : fions thrown on their characters oy gentlemen in opposition,

- who fcrupled not to say they were corrupted by the profits of a iubfbription, and that the Minister had squandered the pub -

% f treasure to overturn the independency of Parliament. I A Such calumny had been adopted without doors; it had of wkhin those walls; nay, it had even found its way cUfcwhere and made its appearance in a late protest, which

had

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

had been entered on the Journals of another Koufe, which, to say the least of it ;, he could not but regard as a vjery extraordinary production indeed Was it fair, was it candid, to Impute to tjhofe, who took the fide of government, a worse impulse than gentlemen who opposed government would fobmit tQ have imputed to themselves ? There was scarcely one gentleman on the other fide of the House, who had not, atone time of his life or other, been cpnneCled with an admini stration. Wh n they had been so situated, did they consider themselves as acting, difoppourabiy in participating In the honours, rewards, and emoluments of government Surely he was using a constitutional language, when he said, that there was no disgrace in receiving inch rewards, dif - honour in supporting measures after those rewards Were received, as long as those measures appeared to be calculated to ferye the country. He trusted, he iajd, that there would always be found enough of fortitude, in those who supported government, to refill such attacks; the imputations that were thrown upon them, of acting under the corruption of influence, ought to be cleared away, and he trusted they would have spirit enough to maintain, that the fair and honourable emoluments of government were flo improper seducers of the human mind. The name of William Adam, which flood in > that lift, was not his. He had no part; nor share in the loan, either in his own, or in any other person’s name. But, he said, if he had been a fuBscriber, he should not have considered it as any imputation or disgrace. He said further, that before gentlemen talked so loudly of Members of Parliament having been bribed by the profitable terms of the loan, to s ree to it, when proposed in the House, it became them to recoiled, that those terms were not made by Members of parliament, but foe monied men of the city, the Directors of the Bank, of the India House, and other reat companies. The honourable gentleman said, that; in judging of the terms of the bargain, whether they were profitable, or whether they were disadvantagepus, it was necessary to look back to the time, the circunpflautes, ? nd the prospect of affairs, when that bargain was made. He averred, that the Minister had made the best terms he could in the situation in which he flood. If he price of foe flocks at the time when the loan was in agitation their price since, the state of affairs, all contributed - to prove, that the Minister. had it not m his power to make better terms for the public As to the partiality With which it wa said the no&e Lofd had dealt fharee in thi

A. 1761. p E B A T ' JJ, §• r

oai ), it might produce very pernicious confaqueuce ip call upon the noble Lord to assign his reasons for having given more to one house ' than to another; and the credit of many house$ would be foaken, if, in his own vindication, the Mi - nifter should say, that he had given to every banker who had applied just as much as he thought the house should be able to pay. This might be the ruin of several• families; and as the committee that the honourable Baronet had moved for, might give a deadly Wow to national credit, he fttotdd give his negative to the motion with more satisfaction than '

ever he felt in any vote hofore. This he should do for many reasons, but principally because to enquire into private characters would be an inquisitorial tyranny, and oppression to, indimduals was injurious to the public.

Mr. ‘71 Tfnvnfhdiidrofe principally, he said, to take notice Mr. r.

of some observations that had fallen from the noble Loid ' af dr•w, ! ^, honourable gentleman on the other fide of the way. The noble Lord had said, that uif the losers in the loan of 1778 were considered as intitleri to a ( bare in the present subscription, it would amount in fad to a monopoly, and establiftra doctrine highly prejudicial and injurious, that those who iofe in cme year have a right and claim to a preference in anpthfer lo n. " This, he said, was not the fad. The iofers in 1778 claimed no preference. They did not conceive that they had a right, much less an exclusive right : all that they said, and all that his honourable friend had stated in their behalf was, that the supporter6 of government, having been iofers ta ohe bargain, had good reason to expefl, that when they offered their assistance again, they had at least equal pretentions with - those who had no such recommendation. And; when they,. found themselves roje&ed and overlooked, for men who h never been seen in former loans, either, as the fu porters t > r the faiFerers by government, they fought for the causes a littfe further than the mere arbitrary ad of refusel, and suspeded, with just reason, that the manifest partiality was founded In. corrupt and bad motives. The fads stated T > y his honourable friend, which he hoped to fee come before that House, substantiated by proof, confirmed those fofpicions, indeed, amounted to a species of demonstrative evidence, which could nojt be well controverted, without doing violence to eve y rule of judgment which had common sense or common erpt - rienCe for its basis. What was the fad stated by his honourable friend who foconded the motion ? That the refusals wete given to men of known probity, of high mercantile charade *,

Z of

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

' of great property, a Mess. Stratton and Co. a Mr. Bordieu, and several others of eminent credit and respect. The first house, with a loss of fout per cent, on 96, 000 !. subscribed to the loan of 1778, write for 30, 000 !. of the prefen loan, but they do not get a fh tiling; so it happens with several other houses answering the fame description; they apply, but in, vain. One house gets half a million, another two or three : hundred thousand, and so downwards; many of whom, he; presumed, were well entitled to a share, as men of property ' and dealers in money; but surely the very ground on which that claim was founded, applied to all men of property, who were dealers in money, or to none. Exclusive, therefore, of any claim of preference founded on former lodes, independent of every other circumstance whatever, it was fair to conclude, that the refusals given to the description of men he had beea ( peaking of, and the enormous sums given to others, who were no otherwise inti tied but as men of property and dealers in money, was the clearest evidence that the persons pointed out by his honourable friend as having been refused, were re - fused upon partial and improper motives; and the enormous sums given to the favourites equally pointed out, that the fub - feriptions given to them were given for corrupt ones. If this argument was pufhedonly a little further, die charge of partiality would still come with double, nay, treble weight. If it should appear, as he made no doubt his honourable friend, as he had pledged himself, would be enabled to do, that this shameful, disgraceful partiality, was not confined to persons of property, but that large sums were distributed to nominal persons, for the Aicret use of others; to persons who had no existence; to bankrupts; nay, to men who were actually to be found on Lord Mansfield’s lift of persons who had surrendered into the custody of the Marshal of the King’s Bench prison. To men who were double lifted; then in what manner could the noble Lord’s argument stand ? but that the losers in the lorn of 1778 were not to be put on a level with those double lifted gentlemen ? He should leave it to the feelings of the House; he would appeal to the known candour of the noble Lord, whether, under such circumstances,

fixing a share in the loan of the present year to those who ad been losers in 1778, could be deemed the giving them a monopoly.

The honourable gentleman who ( poke on the other fide of the House ( Mr. Adam ) had asked with great energy, " Were the Memberi of that House to be the only kmen excluded

from

337

A. 178 *. DEBATES.

from giving their support to government, and deriving the advantages peculiar to their abilities and professions as merchants r9 How fair that question might admit of difcuf - lion, formed no part of the present subject; but he was ready to admit in argument, that they ought not to be excluded. What then ? Their exclusion had nothing to say to the pre - ferit question, which was merely directed to the terms of the loan, and the distribution of it among persons as well without as within that House. If the lpan was too high, in the first ' instance, that was a good ground of accusation against the noble Lord who - negotiated it ., If it was too high, merely for the purpose of a corrupt or partial distribuiion, in order to create an undue br improper influence within or without dOors, he tioble Lord would appear doubly culpable; for it Would imount to this : that the noble Lord had committed a crune of a very black nature, for still a worse purpose.

‘ ‘The honourable gentleman alluded to a public proceeding, the Protest entered on the Journals of the other House, and hatd spoken of it in very censurable terms. He believed it wris riot Very regular in debate to allude to the proceedings of thaft House, much less to animadvert upon the mode of exer - cifing its acknowledged rights, that of protesting or declaring the Opinions entertained by some of its Members upon any irieafure which came under difeuflion, and had passed in the urualfofm. Whether the facts and reasons stated in that Prbteft were well or ill - founded, was riot for him to say in his jlhce in that House. But be that as it might, he was clearly of opinion, that the conduct of the noble Lords who signed i ' t was highly commendable : they spoke the language of ho‘ - nest rinen, urged by a call of duty; and he could not suppress hrs astonishriient at hearing such a stile of animadversion retorted to upon inch an occasion.

’ The honourable gentleman said, that former administra - tions were as kind or partial to their friends as the present; that it Was natriral that those ' who supported government should be partakers of its favours; that there was nothing that distiriguished the present from those admiriistrations in which fevetal gentlemen on his fide of the House had been favoured. To this he would just observe, that loans, or fub~ feriptidns, were never reckoned among the means of gratification, by the administrations to which he alluded. Ho would appeal to the noble Lord in the blue ribbon if they, w€re ? The noble Lord, if he deigned to return an answer, would on his honour declare they wefe not. No ' man was Vot. II, X x btttef

33

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

better enabled to give an answer, and an answer that would flatly contradict the insinuation of the honourable gentleman. v His Lordship had fat, at many Treasury Boards; nay, such was the noble Lord’s address and pliability, that he managed so as to retain his place under almost every administration, as long as he could well remember; and he knew the noble Lord dare not, because he could not, with truth, assert, that the distribution of a loan was ever considered as a species of influence. And he would add the reason, because a part of a subscription was in former times no favour.

The honourable gentleman made a grc < Tt and material dif - tin&ion between the just and honourable emoluments of government, and the profits fraudulently, because secretly, obtained upon a loan. They were among the modern emolu ? ments of government, which neither could be gained by service, nor possessed with honour. The Ministers of former peripds, and particularly of that period which it was thecuf - torp of the other fide of the House to describe as prodigal, extravagant, and wasteful of the public money, were not so prodigal or wasteful as to make corrupt loans for the purpose of increasing their power, by distributing it, when made; among their friends and expectants. The Ministers he meant negotiated loans, and made their bargains upon such terms, that they received a favour, not conferred a benefit, when they parted ' with the subscription; and there was another leading feature in the loans and subscriptions of former times, that when the monied men had no prospect of private 1 and personal interest to serve, that they gave government effectual support, upon the most laudable and honourable mo -, tiv£s; tjiey supported them, because they knew they were the able and willing friends of their country; that they were capable and honest; that they weresupportingmeasures, not men. The confidence of the monied men of those days was. founded in experience; for they were convinced, that while. they supported such men, and such measures, they were ulti - j jpately promoting their own interest, which was involved, in common with the rest of their fellow subjects, ih suppordiig the state. ..

But, fays the honourable gentleman, it is an illiberal af - perfion upon character, to say, that places or pensions, douceurs or contrafts, are among the corrupt fedueers of the human heart. To be sure, it would be highly illiberal to suspect that a Member of Parliament should be seduced by the good things of this life ! It would be an aspersion of the

A. i7 « i D. E B AT E 5.

most unj uftifiable nature ! What ! a Member of Parliament ! the dignity of whose situation, and the bl ligations of whose tryft ought to raile him to an elevation cf rank among his speeiesj. superior to all the little frailties and paffioris of the heart—to suspect him of dependence and servility, Would be a. libel on the human race ! And yet, if there was a gentleman to be found, whose conduct in that House had been marked by an acrimonous opposition to the measures of the Miniftex in the outset—and a condescending approbation of them in the end—who had been distinguished M Letng the greatest enemy of the Minister, while he profefted to be the friend; and of making arguments of pretended panegyric operate as censure and latire; and from whose animadveriion and represeniion the noble Lord was remarked particularly tofhrink *. When it was observed, that such a gentleman in a critical moment abandoned, without, even the formality of a reason, the friends and the principles which he had maintained, and became one of the most zealous and a#ive partisans of that government which he prevrously reprobated; when it was observed, that he placed himself immediately behind the Treasury Bench, whispered the Minister, and became his avowed champion; and when they saw this gentleman rewarded with a place, people could not avoid folpecting that there was something like influence in a thou - faadojr twelve hundred a year; and that it was corruption, ai > d not principle, that had converted the enemy into the friend of the Minister. Such suspicions, he thought, might entertained, without any great degree of illiberally, and without any great degree ot injust ice.

If he understood the object of the motion right, it was for inquiry, and the grounds on which it was applied for, were the notorious extravagance of the loan, which indeed had been acknowledged, in a former debate, by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon himself; belide this, there was the great variety of important facts stated by his honourable friend, and which he bad pledged himself to prove He was not now to be tqld, that the bargain was irrevocable; the motion was lilent 04 that subject : it only was directed to an enquiry Hcv would foppofo, for argument fake, that the loan was not a bad due unoer the several circumstances which might come out in the course of the enquiry. He would foppose, on the lame ground, that the distribution was such as ought to have heed made; but the question, as it presented itfelr ini a pre - feat lhape, was npt, whether the while was a fair, honourable

X x 2 traits -

340

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ranfaction, a good bargain for the public, and wifely and equitably portioned out, or ( hared; but simply this; whether the enormous profit on the loan, connected with the strong facts dated by his honourable friend, bore such a primd fdcie appearance of corruption and partiality as to render it the duty of that House to enquire into the suspicious circumstances and facts, so dated ? In that light, he wished and hoped the House would consider it; and in that light only could it be fairly or regularly argued. It was not proper for that House, in that dage of the business, to consider any man guilty or innocent. It was not desired. It was their business, and their duty too, to look at the nature of the accusa - tion made, and determine, whether or not it was worthy of invedigation

The noble Lord, who spoke fird on the other fide, dbfervedf that it would be cruel and inhuman to ferutinize into people ’ ’ characters, or to weigh one man’s credit, property, or consequence, against another ’ s. He would not say, that there was not something in the objection, if fitly and properly applied *, No man would be farther from making invidious distinctionsi or enquiries into people’s private circumstances, particularly persons engaged in trading and mercantile transaaions5 yet, supposing that the motion should pass in its present form, means might be devised, either by giving an instruction to the Committee, or when in it, to restraiti any idle, improper ' enquiries, originating in mere spleen or curiosity. The object of the motion was, he mod sincerely believed, totally different; but though it were not, the evil consequences pre dieted by the noble Lord might be easily avoided. It fprely could not be an injury, or give an alarm to credit, to enquire into theexidence of men, and such an inquiry was absolutely ijecefiary, for there were many names on that lid so obscure that even their exidence was doubtful. He fat down with ' signifying his hearty concurrence in the motion made by his hpnourable friend.

Mr. Ad *. Mr. Adam rose as soon as Mr. Townshend had concluded, afyf said, he mud be dupid and senseless, not to fee what evfcry gentleman mud have feeo, that the honourable gentleman who spoke lad had alluded to him in the course of his speech He defied that honourable gentleman, however, or any other, to impute any charge of being under undue influence to him When he first came into tfiat House, he came in just of age perfectly independent and perfectly unconnected. He ©p - poft4 the Miniit ’ er as long as he thought the American wir I pur -

3 -

A. 1781. - D E B /CT E S *

putfued for unjust purposes; but when thequestion changed *

When the foie object was the maintaining the rights of the British legislature, and the preventing the independence of America, the question diet with his entire approbation, and he bad given his hearty and uniform approbation to every measure which meant to obtain the object in view; but even now, if the noble Lord’s measures should appear to him more, likely tp do harm than good, if the noble Lord should ever adopt an idea 6f altering the British constitution, or should listen to any vihonary project of innovation, he would as ilea - dily oppose, as he now ileadily supported him. With regard ' to the place he held, it was bellowed upon him unaiked, and tmfotight for; and so far was he from any. intereil in the creeflion of the day he had neither directly nor indirectty a liiareinthe loam Sir Richard Sutton took notice of an affection which had Jj - " fallen from Mr. Byng, that In any good houses had been re - * jt&ed in this loan and many bad houses had been received *

By going into the inquiry, it was evident that the House would go into this dangerous and persecuting spirit of inquisition. He saw that it was only the forerunner of an enquiry, in which the noble Lord must, of course, be called upon to make his defence; and as he knew that to call upon a Mi - mfler to assign his reasons for preferring one banking house to another, might be attended with the moil fatal consequences both to public and private credit, he would give his vote against any measure that fhovrid make it neccifary for a Mini - fter to defend himself by a method that must ruin. others.

Mr. Byttg, I beg not to be misrepresented. No word of Mr. Byng. imputation of irrefponiibility has dropped from my shout ) k.

Bad house was a term never made use of by me; the honourable Baronet is the first to use it In candour I acknowledged many to be good; and I said, that if my lift was examined *

•there would befeen the words creditable, and other expref - dons of the like nature : if I am guilty of any fault in this business, it is in suppression; I never touched even upon t b bankrupt lift; my feeling for the iituation of the unfortunate checked me, and the lift of footmen escaped me : Is

' not that a subject of enquiry ? Even with theie omissions, my talk is disagreeable enough; that I stand i n no need of the honourable Baronet’s assistance to charge me with words I murottered,

Mr.

I

34 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 Si.

Mr. JoMe ' ' r spoke against the motion, and laid that as the

loan had been approved by that House, and had passed into a law, he thought it was veryennecefiary to enter now into a, re - examination of its merits and demerits. It was as dangerous as it was unprofitable; for by this means they might disturb the monied interest by invidious inquiries, and deter men in a future year from affiftfng the public in their loan What was the benefit proposed by the present inquiry ? To make the bargain more advantageous for the public ? No, it was not even pretended that this, was the object, or the end of the proposed inquiry. It was not even suggested that the public were for be benefited in any other way than by the warning which it would give to ministers, how they made improvident bargains for the public. Was not this end folly accomplished by the responsibility in which the minister - Rood } Occafians might arise in whith it might be for the interest of the public that the bargain should be made under all its circumstancea of extravagance, and when it would be wrong in Parliament to interfere too hastily, This, he coo - fidereias one of those cases, and he was fully convinced that it would be wrong in the Houft to enter upon this inquiry; as, by that means they might fuflfer in another year all die hardships of distruft, in procuring the money necessary for carrying on the Operations of government. No immediate benefit was to be derived, but there was much probable danger. No saving was to be made; no retrenchment, no dir minution even of influence; the evils, if there were aoy in the bargain, were already incurred, and he thought the House. - could not do any good by their inquiry, but they - might do much harm.

The bon. The honourable Mr. St. John said that diffidence and dif - trust became every young member who spoke in that affetn - bly; that in a private capacity, he felt these as ho4uglit to do, but that, as a member of Parliament, he felt a diffidence in the condtfft of admin i ft ration, that overcame all distruft in his own abilities, and induced him to utter his ' senti meats with that freedom which became every man who held a featin that Hctife. He went into a view of the profuse expences which had attended the American war; and from that and various other cojtfiderations inferred the necriftty df public

A. 1781. D : fe B A ’ T E ’ 8. n £3

He highly approved of the mPtion on that principle, an4 said that from the fads stated by the honourable gehttemah who had seconded the motion " ( and which from the marine of his offering and pledging himletf to prove them the House could not ' reject ) he thought they Were called upon by every inducement of duty arid reputation to ' refer the inquiry to a committee capable of examining and reporting the fads.

A short pause now took place, and the question was called for. The Lord Advocate and Mr. Fok rose at the fame ' time. They were both felicitous to give way and the con - test of civility at last ended in favbur of the former. \f ’

The Lord Advocate bfegan with, lamenting that he ffiputd The IW have had the misfortune to have stepped in to defeat, for a few minutes, tbfe just and warm expectations of the House of the delight arid instruction they would have received from the talents and the oratory of the honourable gentleman on the other lide of the way. He allured the House that fie would detain them from the proniifed entertainment but as short a time as possible. He would be concise in the few observa tierns Which he had to make in answer to what had been al - ledged and asserted by the mover and seconder of the mbtion.

He confessed the diladvantages he laboured under; he saw, ^. ’ he said, that opposing the motion would give thfc gentlemen on the - other fide a right to assume that all the various facts they liad alledged, all the conversation anecdotes they had picked up, an the rumours they had epilated without doors,

Were perfectly in point, perfectly correct, - as they had statfed them, and perfectly true in Vhemfel yesf He therefore should make a virtue of the necessity he laboured under, ah&should so direct his arguments in reply to what, had been supppfed, as not Only matters of fact, but facts that gould be proved.

He would pot ? avail himself of any parliamentary trick; Hut would meet the question, intangled as it was with all this ' d - cious and adfeititious matter, and give it his direct negativje.

He obfe ' rved that the question held out tvyo. Considerations, and might therefore be divided into two heads. '

Otic ' was the terms of "theloan, or the ' bargain negotiated by the noble Lord near him and the subscribers—th® other thedistribution of thefeanitfelf. 1 The motion was so eyafive as fb - idelude bpth yhefe considerations, but in fact all t}te ar - ' gurtient kad gone to the distribution only, and that was the only ’ ‘part to whicti there was any necessity for an lanswer.

With regard to these, he begged the Houseto regard them ‘ as ifttfONJiftinct questions, by nomearis fcdnnected with each fc"‘"v other.

PARLIAMENTARY

other. So much had been said on the first, on former occa Cons, and so ably, that he should neither takd from others fp much, nor assume to himself so greatly, as to suppose he could add any thing, of weight upon that topic; he should therefore content himself with adopting the noble Lord’s po - ction on a former day, viz. that the terms were the heft he could obtain and that he had no other alternative, than to take them, or let the necessary operations or government stand still, for he had - even waited till tKe last moment, till tire army was within a day of the time, that had not the money for their pay been received, they must, according to att of Parliament, have been disbanded.

He believed, allowing that the terms agreed upon by the noble Lord amounted to an improvident bargain, or that a better might be made, his Lordship had hitherto flood unim - peached on the ground of corruption. In the strong contention of debate in that House, among the numerous ani - madverfions made on his Lordship s cond « & in point and dif - course, within and without these walls, in the licentiousness of the times, the numerous libels published, and newspaper abuse, his Lordship’s personal character had hitherto escaped censure. In the warmth of attack and party resentment which came from the opposite benches, his adversaries, after having cxhaufled every other topic of severe animadversion, nevertheless abflained from any thing which could affect his lordship as a man. Whatever faults they imputed in those moments, when fast, truth, and reason, are sometimes made to give way tp passion and refentpient, his adversaries were at all tinges ready to givfc him the credit of dealing with clean hands. When he heard therefore gentlemen contending, that the loan was disadvantageous, unwise, impolitic, and ‘even corrupt *; he understood it in the sense, he presumed, in which it was intended; that the noble Lord had not made a good bargain, but that his Lordship having made a bad one, derived from that circumstance no pecuniary advantage to himself. If that was the case, which he believed most Cn - ccrely it was, the terms of the loan were clearly otft of the question.

He did not know whether it might be agreeable to his lord - ship, or in what manner he might take it, if he should mention a circumstance which confirmed him in these sentiments more than even the united opinion of his lordshipY friends ‘ and opponents ., It was a circumstance which came within 1 hi s ' own particular knowledge, and he hoped the noble Lord

would

A 1781• D £ B A T E S *

would not be offended at his betraying what wassaidtohim confidentially, when the noble Lord should recollect that, as the events it turned on were now past, he could do no harm; and it would evidently convince the House, if they put faith in what he said, that the noble lord had done all ' m his power to get better terms.

' Some few days before the budget was opened, he took the liberty, he hoped it was not ill taken, of fyggefting to his lordship the pressing necessity there was at so advanced a sea - lon to make the necessary provisions for the current services of the year; and further took the liberty to point out the necessity of, opening the budget with all, convenient expedition.

The noble Lord replied, that if he should then make a bargain for the public, he would be obliged to make it upon Very disadvantageous terms. The funds were very low, and the prospect not favourable, whereas, by waiting a short time a circumstance might arise favourable to negotiation. He was in hopes every day of receiving the confirmation of an approach that had been made towards pacification. This news he expected with the change of the wind, and this was thecaufeof the delay. Without this, he had a profpefl : of something which might terminate in a pacification. He mull : agree that the 3 per cents, should be rated at 55; if on the other hand he could hold out a prospect of a peace with some

food foundation or ground of probability ( and at that time he ad no authority to speak with any degree of confidence ) he should be able to make the bargain on terms much more favourable to the public. His Lordship accordingly waited, and when he was authorised to speak with more certainty, when he could tell the subscribers that there was a tendency or opening towards a peace, his lordship improved that circumstance to the public advantage. He could not charge his memory, but if he recollected right, the stocks which the subscribers rated at no more than 55 and 68 on the Friday, was on the Monday estimated, when the bargain was struck at 58 and 70.

Here then was the most indisputable proof, that the noble lord, so far from willing or intending, much less having actually made a corrupt bargain for any bad purpose, acted with all possible integrity and industry to improve circumstances, not known, to the advantage of the public. Tile m&le Lord, if he wished to make a corrupt bargain, tp pro - f. H\ote the view imputed tp him, might ave dope it J yow e. -. v you II. Yy. .. .. ' the

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

the possibility of dete&ioh. He might, in the fird indance, have concealed his private expeditions; he might, in the l ' econd, have concealed his real information, and, in either event, have taken out of the pockets of the public, and put into those of his friends, four or five hundred thousand pounds.

' The honourable baronet who made the motion, and the honourable gentleman who fecopded it, had made use of very strong arguments, and the latter had dated very drong fa£ls. He should not now take up the time of the House in combating the one, or disproving or controverting the other.

He would, in the form of argument and concession, presume that the bargain was the word that could be made, with the reservation already expressed, that of doing away any imputation, direct or implied, on the motives or conduct of the noble lord, as to the terms, believing, nay, being convinced, that they were the very bed it was in his Lordship’s power to make. But waving that for the present, he would suppose the bargain a bad or improvident one : he would suppose the charge of partiality to be well - founded; that the friends and supporters of the noble lord were served, to the exclusion of those who were none, or suspected not to be so; that those who supported his lordship’s measures had a mark put upon them, while those who had rendered themselves only conspi - cuous for reprobating his measures, were of courie pointed out for a different purpose. All this he was willing to sup -

! > ofe, in order to meet the arguments urged against the noble ord. He begged, under those circumstances, drong as they were dated and imagined, to know what possible good or public benefit could result from the present enquiry. It had been urged ( he observed ) that it was improper for members of Parliament to subscribe; this was what he could not admit, nor could he fee any reason why a gentleman should, by becoming a member of Parliament, forfeit the right of serving his country and himself in a fair and honourable way. But, said gentlemen, members of Parliament themselves were convinced that it was improper for them to subscribe, as they were ashamed to have their own names set down in the subscription lid. This was no proof at all of the impropriety of the act : it only proved that these gentlemen who had done so, if any such there were, had weak nerves; and indeed after that day’s debate he should not be fufprifed if; tvery urn of weak nerves should be afraid to set his name to subscription, as he mud thereby expose himself to so many f f : ‘ invidious,

A. 1781. DEBATES.

/invidious, illiberal, ironical, sneering animadversion upon his character and motives. Some men were more modest than others, or they had weaker nerves, or more timidity; they might not be fond of incurring the reports and comments of the newspapers, and the orators, and the libellers of the day. If, therefore, a gentleman who had 50, 000 !. in the hands of his banker, should say to a minister, " I am willing to serve my country with this sum; but as I do not like to be traduced, laughed, and sneered at by every member of Parliament, who, without knowing my motives, may think proper nevertheless to aferibe the worst to me, I shall lend my money upon this condition only, that some other person’s name shall {land for mine; but whether he be fol - vent or not, no matter, as I shall be responsible for the payment. " If a gentleman should make such a proportion, and a minister should comply with it, is there a man who would venture to say there was any thing unfair, any thing corrupt in the transaction ? Undoubtedly not. Was there any law against it ? Was there practice and custom against it ? The noble Lord was not surely the first minister who served his friends in preference to his adversaries. He had made the best bargain in his power under the given circumstances; and if there was any advantage derivable from the transaflion, surely it could not be deemed a crime in the noble Lord to give a preference. Other times and other ministers, it was said, exhibited other seenes. He spoke only of the current language of the times. He did not vouch for their truth; but he could not be so totally uninformed of the transactions of those times, as not to have heard that men in high office had not only been charged with making an improper distribution among their friends, but also of confining some finall {hare of the benefit to themselves. The minister inuft necessarily been - trusted with the settling of loans, and subscriptions, and he stood responsible to the public for the due payment of the several in - ftalments; whoever then would institute an enquiry to make the noble lord account for the preferences he had given would cut at the root of that responsibility, and release the minister ' from his duties to the people, for he could not be responsible without an uncontrouled, distretionary power in selecting his subscribers and would Parliament, in its so - her senses, wish to take away that responsibility from the head of a minister, and place it in a committee of that. House ? He Ihoflld hope that found policy would make them Yy fee

L

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

fee the impropriety of such a measure. He doubted not, as had been asserted, that the noble lord had been partial to his friends, in opposition to his enemies. It was natural and just to be so, and a minister must be a mere lump of ice, diverted of paifions, of friendship and feeling, could he surmount this kind of partiality. Nor was it unnatural thar, abstracted from the desire of favouring his supporters, he might feel a greater degree of confidence in men of that description, than in his Opponents.

Much had been said of the great influence the present loan threw into the scale of government. For his part, granting every fact he heard urged in the course of the evening to be ' strictly true, he was prepared and entitled to draw a very different conclusion. Every argument, in his opinion, bore the other way. If the loan was so very profitable as it had been described, it was te be presumed he had of course many competitors for his favours. He did not speak hypothetically, he spoke from his own knowledge and experience. If it was a favour, the noble lord had not favours to grants© all who might think they were entitled to them. He had proved it. Almost every person that he met in the streets and coffee - houses complained loudly of the bad treatment they had met with, or of their ill - fortune. The constant ialutation that he met from the friends of the minister was, €c It’s damned hard, I have only got io, ooool. " So, that in fa ft, those who had got, as well as those who had not, were dissatisfied; and the noble lord was in fact, and in truth, likely to make more enemies than he had gained friends by the Dufiness. The learned gentleman now said he had answered, and he trusted to the satisfaction of the House, the material facts alledged in support of the motion. He hoped that the House would fee the danger and the inutility of the motion; if it was intended to institute an inquisition into the credit and responsibility of the subscribers, it would be dangerous and tyrannical. If it was intended to inquire into their rank and situation, from motives of wanton curiosity, without any purpose of striking them from the lift, if they were found unfit, it was an idle and an invidious office. If it was meant to alter the terms of the loan, or to take from the head of the minister the refoonfibility under which he now stood, it would be an unwise and perhaps a fatal refolu - tion. Parliament had always proceeded on the old, wife, and constitutional idea of having a responsibilit somewhere for every public act of government. In the instance of the 2 lou,

A. 178 1. DEBATES.

loan, they had placed the responsibility on the shoulders of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and having done so, he was authorised to make the loan, not to please one side of the House or the other, but so as should bell satisfy himself that the subscription, every consequence of which he was to be responsible for, was perfeClly secure. He advised the House therefore by no means to leuen that constitutional responfr - bibility, a circumstance which the present motion chiefly tended to effeCl, and which therefore he should oppose, as likely to dd infinite mifchlcf.

Mr. Fox now rose, and entered into a circumstantial answer M to the arguments of the honourable and learned lord. When he rose, he imagined that he meant to offer his reasons why the House should not go into an enquiry into the conduct of the noble lord in the blue ribbon, for he considered it as a direct, personal accusation of the tninifler, in this public transaClion; but, to his astonishment, the learned gentleman had not urged a single syllable in his justification. When therefore he was proceeding seemingly to answer the noble t lord, he could hardly discover an argument, or a fact, to ' which there was occasion for a reply. The reason was plain. The learned lord had said, with his usual address a ' nd ability, a variety of mofl ingenious things, but not a word, phrase, or argument to the quefiion; the learned lord, in all his speeches, he was sorry to say, betrayed a disposition to mca - fnres and politicaldo&rines inimical to, if not directly fub - veHive of the constitution, and favourable to the introduction of arbitrary power. But Kow had his lordship entertained the House on this occasion ? In laying down principles of a direct contrary nature, from which, however, he drew delu - five, and, in the present moment of corruption and depravity, inijira&icable conclusions. The noble lord had laboured strenuously to prove what no person on his fide of the House would dispute, and no one on any fide dare avowedly to deny, " That ministers were responsible for their conduct, and liable to be brought to an account for the exercise of these powers with which they were veiled by the coriflitution, for the purposes of government. " But for what purpose had he fiud so ? Why had he so warmly trumpeted the responsibf - Iity of ministers, and particularly of the noble lord in the bide ribbon ? For what, but in the fame breath to defeat the uie and, the end of that responsibility, add to convince the House that they ought not to exercise their right and power; to shew that the noble lord was in sect not respohfible in this

instance.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

instance, for if there was any blame, or any corruption, or any sinister purposes in view, by the late barga ' in, it was not the noble lord who was the criminal, for the noble lord was honest, and every body acknowledged that. he had clean hands; his secretary, his friend, Mr. Atkinson, or any other man might be guilty, except the noble lord. If the House complains of the conduct of the minister, the accuser immediately answers, Oh ! he is responsible. " If they call for an enquiry into that conduit, and think it pecelTary to exercise their powers of calling him to an account, " Oh ! he is irresponsible in that case, for being honest and disinterefleci he could not be guiltyThus his responsibility in one in - stance is to lilence complaint, his irrefponfibility in another, is to Aide enquiry. It was upon such a ijyle of argument and reasoning, that the noble lord’s conduit had been attempted to be defended by so zealous a friend, and so powerful an advocate; and these were the reasons urged with so much confidence to shew, that the loan, having been negotiated by others, his lordship is free from alt blame. But when the object of the question is not to fix blame, but to know where it ought 1. 0 be fixed, the House is then informed it is perfectly needless to take any trouble or concern in the matter; it signifies not, who did this, pr who did that, who did subscribe, and who did not subscribe, whether they are living men, or whether they are dead, whether they are members of Parliament, or whether they arc footmen, whether they are bankers, or whether they are bankers clerks; all this is perfellly indifferent, for the noble ' lord is solely and exclu - iively responsible.

After presenting this argument in a great variety of fhapcs, he proceeded to another point which had been much argued.

That the bargain had been approved of by that House, and that the terms had received all the sanctions from the le - giflaturc necessary to give it the force and efficacy of a law; and that consequently it would be nugatory in this instance, and dangerous in point of precedent, to attempt to undo what had been established by all the forms of the constitu - iion. Nugatory, because the evil, if any existed, was committed and was irremediable; dangerous, because in future, it might prevent the minister from borrowing upon almost any terms, which would more than balance any possible advantage which might be derived from the enquiry.

There was one general short answer to all this; that if the loan was a corrupt or improvident one, or corruptly distri -

buted

A. 1781. DEBATES.

buted, that the public had a right to have it reviewed; and that public fai, th, and the faith of that House, flood no farther pledged to the performance of one engagement made in their behalf, by those entrusted with the exercise of the executive power, than the measure was founded in equity and justice, and appeared to be a fair bona transaction. In the present instance, there was prima facte evidence that the bargain was corrupt; that it was shamefully wafleful and improvident, and its distribution was such as to hold out more than presumptive or hypothetical proofs, that the public were robbed and cheated in the first instance, and the money of which they were so notoriously plundered, employed to the eflfedting the very worst and moil abandoned purposes.

This was a general answer to a general argument; but when the particular circumstances which, he observed, formed the ground of the present motion, as flated by his Hon. friend, not even a pretence for a moment longer existed upon the ground of general reasoning. Some men, as good as any in the city, had been totally rejected; others, of a like description, had not got a tenth, or twentieth of what they had wrote for; others, again, he would allow good men, had got enormous Turns, while, besides the number of mendicant, poor, obscure persons, nominal people, &c. had had their names set down for mofl enormous Turns.

So far as to the point of distribution; then as to the actual conduct of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, independent of those who might have abused his Lordship’s confidence. This noble Lord, whom the learned advocate described as respon - fible, was exclusively responsible in the instance he was about to mention. He should have no occasion, he presumed, to go into an enquiry to get at proofs, because it mufl have been known to, and within the recollection of every person who now heard him.

He would, for argument’s fake, suppose that the loan was made upon the bell terms; —but he could never agree that the nobl$ Lord was justified in fraudulently concealing the real terms froih that House, and holding out others of totally a different nature. His private Secretary, Mr. Atkinson, or Mr. Atkinson’s broker, could not have imposed upon his Lordship. The fact he alluded to was this : —the day the noble Lord. opened the budget he fiatedthe 150 three per cents at 87J. bf 58 per cent, and the 25I. 4 per cents, at 17I. 10s. computed - at 70; and the lottery ticket, at about il. making in the whole 105I. 10s. or a bonus Or profit of 5I. 10s. Let this bar -

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

gain have been ever so secretly c, which he should by and by prove it was, it had every appearance of candour andopeh - ness. —If it was a bad bargain, it was an open one. If it received the fan6Hon of the majority of that House upon the worst of motives, which he believed moil flncerely it did, the minister could not be charged with fraud as well as rapine; but when to this 5I. 10s. there was added 2I. 13s. which of course increased the bonus, which was nominally valued at 5I. 12s. to 81. 3s. 4d. this he contended was not only an high breach of parliamentary trust, but it was picking the pockets of the public, to the amount of between three and four hundred thousand pounds, in addition to upwards of six hundred thousand, and taken out of those pbckets in a more direct manner.

It was an insult put upon Parliament, which called for most signal and exemplary punishment; it was base and scan - dalous to hold out to that house, that the was only five pounds ten, when it was eight pounds three shillings; and servile and obedient as the House was known to be to the jvifhes and mandates of the Minister, he protested most so - lemnly, that he believed shame would have prevailed in that instance over corruption; and if the House had been. informed at the time that they vjrere paying away eight per cent, or a million of money for the loan, with a capital debt nearly doubled, he believed the noble Lord would have for once been out - voted.

His Hon. friend who made the motion had pointed out the two sources of this additional increase—the discount on the prompt, or rather previous payments of the several instalments, into which the subscription had been divided; and the commencement of interest, from the beginning of the year, though the first payment was not to be made till the middle of the current month.

It wa6 not therefore at all surprising, that the omnium fold the first day at so high a, premium, because in the nature of things it could not have happened otherwise; for on that day, comparing the prices of the several flocks, allowing nothing for speculation, or gambling in the Alley, the day after the Budget was opened the omnium was intrinsically worth eight pounds threp shillings.

It was true, that in the course of the last week, it had fallen for one or two days belpw that price, which he jefti mated at far9 but had since again got up to its natural level; and his Hon. friend under the gallery, who seconded the motion, had

assigned

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Signed a most cogent reason why it had fallen. that

Hon. gentleman said. but that in order to defeat object of this enquiry, which trie ndble Lord and his dependants so much, dreaded, Mr. Atkinson, on the Monday, went into the Alley, and ibid ido, bool, ( lock, and the next day as much more : What was the language of Mr. Atkinson and his friends, on that occasion ? " The stock must be depreciated; a muil be fern in; the market must be glutted; the measure is become neceflarybiit even with all these artifices, and with promises, most likely that the friends of Government should be no losers, they were not able to bring down the omnium lower than 6 - 1 half, and that only for a fittgle day. It afterwards gradually continued to rife, and was now, as he had heard stated, up at its intrinjic value. Allowing, therefore, for the effect of ( peculation on one side, and the artifices used to depreciate the ( lock on the other, as well as the number of needy adventurers, that had been forced to come to market in order to avoid the first payment, he believed4 he Was fully authorized to affirm that the bonus > both in computation real value, and market price, was clearly worth to the subscriber, eight pounds and three shillings per

His deduction from those facts were, that the noble Lord as finance Minister, was highly criminal ip his own personal conduct, in so grossly deceiving and fraudulently impofingupon that House, that nis bafenels in concealing the real terms was only equalled by his guilt in agreeing to them and that if no other fact but that of concealment alone were to be adduced against him, it was sufficient to prove that he had made a cor rupt bargain with an evil design, namely, with an intention of corrupting whoever, within or without that House, might be fit instruments of supporting his power, or increasing his influence.

The learned Lord had trumpeted forth the praises of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, and made his eulogy in very high terms of panegyric. He had mixed in the cOurfeof his oration a particular tad which came within his own knowledge. The noble Lord had told him this, the noble Lord had told him that; the learned Lord gave his opinion unfought, and forgot to say whether any grateful acknowledgment had been made The learned Lord had appeared in federal characters in that House, he had now added another to them. He had held hinifelf forth as the noble Lord’s adviser; but what does all this mighty information amount to supposing it to be cor - redtly and faithfully stated ? to thisto the confirmation of Vot. IL Z z what

# PAH t M E K T ARY v A. 1781.

what the noble Lord hlmfelf told, the Cop nttee the first day‘ of opening the Joan, that theiubscribers would give no ' more than 55 for 3 per cents/and 68 for per cents, but tfi&t waiting from the Fridaytjll A on ay, in the interim,; hews of a tendency tp. jpe ce arrivedand that his Lordship profited 6i the intelligence, the conference, of which was, that the former were yaiped in the bargain with the subscribers at 58, and the latter at 7Q. Now the effect of the atdve curious narrative was no more than the merit arising. from not giving eleven instead of eight per cent, profit on the ofnnium; and in argument it was ' fair to say, that was no merit at all; for it might he dangerous to make too bad a bargain, a middling bad ope might, arifl he was Jure would, have answered every purpose of the noble Lord better than, a gross, 4 notorious, ' flagrant bad ope. There was a knack ip cheating, which would in fame measure infuxe. the property, as well as temporary possessiop of fraudulent gain, whereas, when the fraud was too palpable and gross ? the enormity of the imposition risqued alass. of the whole.

But what did this prove, allowing it to he true in its fulkft extent ? That the noble. Lord was a person of private integrity; that be was above heing guilty of peculation, for his own private advantage; and consequently that his hands were clean of the public nfK > pey. He did not yant to be told all this by the learned Lord; he had every reason to believe it to be true; but what then ? Thenobip Lord ’ sJbands are clean : the loan might be a bad or good one; but whether good or bad, the noble Lord is a disinterested perforu Ndw, for his part, in every point of view, be could not help thinking that it was a public misfortune that the nobl Lord’s hands were clean, whilst those of his friends and dependants were so dirty and interested. It Would have been better for the nation, in every respect, that half the profits had gone; nto the pockets of the noble Lord, and the other half Hal been set pff to the credit of the nation, than diverted to the pernicious and corrupt purposes to which they had been diverted. He knew the noble Lord’s caution and address; he was persuaded that in such a case the transafc - tion would have been so conduced, as not to give public scandai or offence; besides, his Lordship would act, if might be presumed, with particular caution/ and be carefij of risk - ing too much, or trailing to events which might draw after them the punishment such a crime, if discoyefedj, would da - serve. in the present instance he might be as lavish as he

fleased;

ftJfr. fi A X, Ev S.

pleased; he was innocent ! Why so ? Because he was difuir tjrefled ., nT is"was a mere fpfecious, deceptions pretence; it was fifll of fallacy; the nobib Lord, though his hands might he; cleaHJ was not disinterestcfd; if he made an improvident hargairi ft > r the purpose of ( corrupting the Members of that House; If he employed the influence arising from : that cor - rtiptioti tdthe suppbrt of hiS oWn power, he was not an iri -

hocehf but a guilty man, highly meriting public ' execration, d plary punishment.. > I

f; That he had done it in the present in fiance ' Was self - evi - dent. The noble Lord would rievet have been invited into office, but upon condition of promising to carry into execution the measures chalked out to him respecting America. He Would have mot been suffered to remain in office, had he re - fhfed tb+Carry On the American war. Had the nation been left tQ its own free, unbiased judgment, it would never have cottfented, atleaft if it had, it would never have persisted in the oofHnate prosecution of it, after certain events taken place, after France and Spain had severally declared against : us.. fdis ’ iCquiefcence in those weak and wicked measures, in madly commencing and more madly per fevering in that ac - ‘ cursed war, was the price of his place. "His power could not be upheld without influence, nor that influence be procured without corruption. Would any gentleman contend,

• when one man made profits within a year, by contracts, equal to an ample fortune; when another’s stated income was equal to a princely revenue; when a third got half a million, a ' hundred thousjmd, or forty thcfufand pounds, equal

to an annual income of twenty, ten, eight, five, or even One thousand pounds—Was there any man who heard him who could believe or suggest a doubt, that perfoUs coming within those descriptions had a choice or judg -

ment ? Was it to be supposed, that they could prefer the interest of their country to the amassing great and splendid fortunes, or to answer their immediate - wants It was absurd surf monstrous even to mention or press it fcridufly in prgu ment : when, therefore, it was said, directly, or implied, fhat the npble Lord in the blue ribbon was z disinterejied min, because he cjerited po immediate pecuniary emolument from the trapfaction upder ponsideration, it betrayed great art, or ijtotal ignorance of human nature, and of the rtobie Lord.

It was‘true, the noble Lord had often asserted in that House, arid he pfefumed out of it, that he never fought his present situation; wished not to retain it; blit td gfct out of - Z x ‘ ’ v - ' it

PARLIAMENTARY a. 1781.

jt as Toon 9s another fit person could be got to faceted. Yet xt was not the assertions of the noble Lord, but his conduct, which was to weigh with the public. He had mortifies tions sufficient to render any man but himself tired of his situation; it yrzs therefore fair to conclude, notwithstanding what the nqblc Lord might pretend to the contrary, that the ) ove of office, and love of power, were predominant in his mind; fb predominant, that he was ready to sacrifice every thing in the first infiance to obtain them, and every thing in the t ' econd to keep them when obtainedf

If this then was the real complexion of the man, and the true texture of his Lordfiiip’s mind; if corruption begot influence, if influence begot power, and power enfmed him a continuance in office, which seemed to be the uniform and steady qbjeft of all his pursuits—the learned Lord’s argument was fallacious, and meant to deceive and mislead those to whom it was addrefifed, or it was founded in the grolTeft error. The noble Lord was not a disinterested man, but for the fake of power and place Was ready to hazard every thing, and secure and promote his own views by any means. HeJiad promised the people of England, and the country gentlemen, an American revenue to lighten their burdens, when he knew very well that it was totally impracticable; but it was his interest to do so. He had run the nation fifty millions in debt, and facrifiped an hundred thousand lives in the quarrel, when, he was persuaded that the money would be thrown away, and the blood of his fellow - subjects spilt ip vain. Thpfe were his promises; how far had he performed them I The people were oppressed with ta cs beyond bearing. Every necessary of life, or comfortable enjoyment, came doubly advanced in price to the impoverished and half fiarved consumer; under the pretended name of luxuries, his be ye rage, whether finall or strong, tobacco, sugar, and all the articles which, to a poor man, might be deemed comfort ^, were raised even salt; nay, the very light of Heaven was denied him. In the few moments of relaxation from toil and labour, when he plight wiffi for the light of Heaven to chear him, his very yrindows were obliged to be closed up, in order to escape the cravings of the rapacious tax - gatherer; and if a chink was fiill left open, he understood that it was in the contemplation of the tnoble Lord to compel the devoted, impoverished, though laborious and industrious maq, to stop it up, by a new tax upon that right of nature. But whai of all that Millions upon millions - were to be yearly lavished; oceans of

blood

A. i}St. B E B A T E S.

bloodto befjrilt; the last shilling was to be filched, or picked out of the pocket of the most useful part of the community. All Europe was to be menaced and invited to single combat. with this devoted country, and the earnings thus extorted were to be picked out of the pockets of the people, to be transferred into those of the noble Lord’s friends—and for what ) not to recover America—America was given up—no, but tosupportthe noble Lord’s power. Which depended upon the wild and romantic expectation offubduing America, which was, he was persuaded, irrecoverably loft. These were the merits, these were the claims on which the noble Lord was entitled to be considered as a disinterested man.

After having been very full on the disinterestedness of the noble Lord, he entered into particulars respecting the loan, and itsdistributiom

The learned Lord had left every part of the distribution undefended, but what respe&ed a description of men in that House, whom he was pleased to call timid, and aftected with weak nerves; he expected the noble Lord would have further urged the plea of weak nerves. Tfiofe gentlemen, he fays, dislike clamour, have an horror to be made the subject of public animadversion, and of being held forth in newspapers, and other libellous and licentious publications : now how a tuan could possibly be uneasy, or suffer in his feelings on having his conduct animadverted upon, when conscious of acting right, not only of acting in the known capacity of a Member of that House, as had been contended for by the Jearned Lord, ( he meant the character of a subscriber ) but as a friend to his country, was more than he could well account ifor. It was a lawful act in the first place; it was a mark of the Minister’s favour and regard; it was commendable to fiip - i ' port Cjpverrunent. How then could such public claims of jnerit be ifupppfed to affect the nerves ? It might to some seem paradoxical, hut when explained would effect two things : it Would shew that those gentlemen’s nerves were not so radically weak as people might be apt to imagine—it would shew, that however conscious of their own, they dare

pot trust to appearances, nor meet public opinion. He would {peak out : —the truth was, that those gentlemen had got part of the subscription under nominal or jdeal names : it was equally evident that they knew the loan was a bad one, and they felt, for reasons heft known to themselves, that it was a corrupt one. They were desirous therefore to enjoy the ad - vantages,

Ic

P A R L : l ArM, E % Y ‘

vantages, without fluring the defervqdodium tjieir copdu$ would draw after it. They were per tons whose "chjtfadldrs, though long suspected, had npt been ybt pubFrckly kttbferi ofr, decided. They shrunk from what others equally corrupt ( boldly met, who, jf they had no otKermerit, had not the baseness attached to those weak. nerves. They piigKt have their r. eafons too : they would gO dovyrt to1 tft ' eir chriflituents, those very constituents whom they had, plundered, and share the plunder with allthp pretended virtue bf honefVmert; and Vith art air of confidence, and a fiiam of ' hypocnfy, join ih. the - general censure and refen tment, due ' to those who for place and emolument had fold their country; while they themselves without any claim of merit, any duty annexed, and with a false character, had dbpofited in their pockets five, or perhaps ten times the sum that the pensioner o placeman, derived from his grant qr office,

. The honourable gentleman who spoke early on the other fide, and the; learned Lord, talked of foriner adirtiniftratioffs,

. and the sources of influence they possessed and employed.

The argument might be a good One upon any. other occasion ■, but the present, for he ' should state a fewfa£b, ' Which, he trusted would prove beyond1 question that loans % or corrupt, distributions conflitgted nopatt of the influence of the Crown

1. in thpfe days,. He was ready to admit the genera ! argument, hut not the application,. He was fully sensible that every ad -.. miniftratiop jtflat eyerhad, or ever might exist in this coun -, try, would niake a difference between their friends and adver -.. faries, their fiuppotters and opponents. It was a natural consequence of political connexion; and it would be monstrous. indeed, if Muufters should set a mark upon their friends, and : cher : i{h audj fayout their opponehts. " So far the principle of 5 connedlion rxlfavour was justified by experience ! But when : it was contended, as it had been on this day, that be the loan ever so bad pc corrupt, or its distribution ever so partial, the;. noble Lord j > ad g&ed right. This was at once acknowledging : that the Joaty was so made, for the very ' purpose the motion was dire6fechtovdiscover, and therefore it was not making ufo i of an fold established fouref of influence, for the ft, rengih and t ’; suppofct f : government, but creating the megris of Influence never bef rf fought of but, in one single instance, t \ Ho the btmufon the omnium on the opening of the budgets of ' 17, 58, 17, 5 760, 1761, the last year of tthe - f. Bike od. NOTCastle’s adn p prton and 1762, dqring that / 5, of Lord Bute, The firftofthofe years the bonus WasTut

1 i - 4th

A 1781. D E Bf A T "E - S. ' 35$

I t - 4rkbn twomiHions, thebext at irhalf percent, difcqiunt on four millions, the third at. i j~half, the fourth about i a 324ths, Plough twelve millions were borrowed both years.

This - Wobk Duke in all his loans had fbewn what it is the duty, arid what the virtue of a Miaifter to observe. This was a time of war, and it Was the time which the friends of the present Ministry thought proper to fele& and brand with r the name of extravagance; and yet in all these times, it; wa - not discovered, that douceurs on loans were among the sources of ministerial influence. Lord Bute’s loan was the first in - fbmCe of abandoned extravagance in this Way, The principle Was then introduced, and his was the only. example to be fOunfd in the history of this country. At one time it rose, he/ bMieved, so high as 9 per cent, but then it was not the terms but the extraordinary advance upon the lottery ticket, which rose to four pounds ten Shillings, on account that there were two lotteries that year. Thus it was clear, that the influence ctffcatfed by the loan was of modern invention, that never operated but Once, and that partly from the reason he mentioned and perhaps other unforeseen, adventitious causes.

After irtfwering Mr. Adam very fully, and replying almost to every thing which had been urged on : the other fide, he re - commenced a fecorid attack upon the noble Lord in the blue s4t > boti, k reminding his Lordship of having dared his honourable friend who leconjted the motion, and now, when he accepted of the challenge, basely sneaking away, and covering himself from open shame, public detefiion, and conviction, through the means of a servile and devoted majority. He then recapitulated dil the leading heads of his speech, and called Upon the floble Lord to Hand forth boldly, like a man, add defend himself, or by his silence confess that he was fairly convicted of having made an improvident and corrupt baryta - ' in the character of public trustee, and of having prof - rituted; the power of his office to the most abandoned, wicked, perfikibus, and dilhdtieft purposes.

' LordNorth, after a fewirvtrodudoty obferyations, said, he bord "tnade no doubt but his eondudl throughout the whole of the loap, and the distribution of it, was such as would be fu£ - ficient to justify him the opinion of that House. and the public, and that it was the mofl advantageous that could possibly be tnade, under the given circumstances. He had been charged with having negotiated and made a bargain for the public Upon the most corrupt motives, and to effect the mo ' ft pernicious purposes, He had been accused of having plundered the public, and of picking the pockets of the people.

4 These

Parliamentary a. 1781,

These Were heavy accusations, and called for a proof suitable to the enormity of the crimes imputed to him. He could say, that they were unfounded and unjust. He was ready to acknowledge, that from subsequent circumstances, the bargain had proved rather disadvantageous to the public; he was sorry for it : but he could fairly and truly declare, that it was no fault of his that it had done so. The honourable gentleman, with his wonted ' ability and flow of language, had endeavour - ed to fix the charges of fraud and concealment upon him, on account of his manner of Hating the profits which would accrue to the subscribers, and had, upon that prefuniption, ac - cufed him of having deceived and milled that House. He was happy in having so many witnesses present now, who were like wife present at the transaction, which was supposed to give birth to that charge. The conclusion drawn from the fa&, if true, was not, however, well founded, for the profits upon the difeounts were by no means so much as what had been dated by the honourable Baronet who made the motion, or the honourable gentleman who had followed his computations : nor was the interest arising between the day of the first payment so considerable as it had been represented. The interest did not commence but from the month of January; the first payment was made on Thursday fe ’ nnight, an interval only of between fix and seven weeks; consequently the computation was erroneous, the extra profits not being much more than half what had been mentioned by the two honour able gentlemen. So much as to the amount of the concealment; as to the concealment itself, he would just state what grounds there were for that accusation. He was ready to confels, that when he made up the account, he dated the tonus only at 5I. 10s. and in this, he flattered himself, he was fully justified by the custom and the usages of that House; and that in omitting to add those profits, he by no means intended to conceal any part of them, nor, in fast did conceal them; for though he had not mentioned them as constituting a part of the bonus, he enumerated them in the usual and established language of the Chancellors of the Exchequer, and others in office.

He appealed to gentlemen, if, when he talked of the surplus of the new taxes, he did not add, that that surplu$, in the first instance, would be applied to the payment of the interest incurred between the preceeding day the dock was to bear interest, and the day of the first payment; he was persuaded, there was not an honourable gentleman that heard

him

A. 17S1. DEBATES,

him, who would not bear testimony to the truth of that at fertioO. As to the discounton the loan, or respective instat - ments, it was the constant usage of Parliament to allow it upon prompt deposits; it had been the invariable rule of Parliament and office, as long as he knew any thing of either; he, therefore, thought it totally unnecessary to particularife these two advantages. The nature of it was this; that if, before the respective days of payment, a subscriber or holder of scrip came and tendered the sum growing due, he received a discount of three per cent, this, it was clear, was not an absolute, consequential advantage vested in the subscriber, but a conditional one, of which he might or might not avail himself : the discount did not run through the whole time, nor continue a year; it was frequently not convenient to the subscriber to advance his money before the regular day of payment; consequently, under these several circumstances, l ? e was in titled to affirm, that instead of three per cent, on the loan, the discount did not amount to one and a half; and sis to the commencement of interest from an antecedent day, it was the fame in all loans; so that, whether the fact of concealment was considered, on the amount of those two species of additional profit, which he had not computed, or added to the 5I. ios. bonus, he was well warranted to lay, that there was no actual or implied concealment, in one instance, and that the profits said to be concealed in the other, were not any thing like what they had been represented. But independent of what he said at the time of opening the budget, or of what he had a right to avail himself, as established by custom, he had one other answer, which should suffice in place of all the rest, he appealed to the written documents on the table, to the Journals of the House, whether in the resolutions which he moved, the discounts on the prompt, or previous payment of the several instalments, and the commencement of the interest of the loan at an antecedent day, were not specifically flared ? Thfe concealment, therefore, imputed to him, amounted to this : a resolution moved in a very full committee; a resolution at the time fully dnveftigated, and dif - Cfcfled; a resolution, debated upon the report, and finally agreed, to by the House. If this was adding fraud to rapine, and picking the pockets of that House and the nation, he was guilty; - if not, then he was free to say, that the accusation must have originated in great ignorance, or premeditated falsehood.

The bargain, called. a Corrupt bargain, and secretly trans -

Vot II. Aaa " acted,

PARLIAMENTARY. > A. 178;.

acted, could not be in any sense called so. It was neither fe - Cret nor corrupt, and he would give his reasons.

That it was not secret, it was enough to observe, that the transa&iop happened in the presence of several witnesses, that Severy negotiation, previous to its being finally struqk, was open. It was usual for the Treasury, on such occasions, tp apply to the monied men, in consequence of which appoint merits and interviews succeeded. The current price of stockp was the balls on which both parties proceeded. Three per cents were at the time at 58, and per cents, in proportion, fje wished to have the former estimated at the prices which afterwards took place; but after many reasons offered, and ipuch conversation, the gentlemen with whom he treated flood peremptorily at 55 for the 3 per cents, and 68 for the pej - cents. in qonsequence of which the negotiation seemed to be at a eqd, and he parted with the gentlemen on thte idea that nothing more could be done with them in the business *

In the interim, accounts were received, \yhich seeme ' d to lead to a pacification. The flocks rpfe in conference of this profpe£i; and therefore when the gentlemen with whom he treated met him on the Monday, though they cpntinped to adhere to the fame principle of computation, they offered the fame terms on the Monday, which they had before refused. They were contented to take the 3 per cents, at 8 instead of 55, and the per cents, at 70 instead of 68, which was their nrft proportion.

Upon these terms the bargain was struck, and here he begged leave to make an observation or two. The negotiation was of some continuance; reasons were urged, and ' proportions were made on both fides; both patties adhered to their own ideas, and the negotiation broke off in consequence of the difference of opinion which a role between the negotiating parties.

It was fair to presume, under these cirqutnflances, that it was not a corrupt bargain : it was clear it could not be afe - cret one, and for this real ' on, beqause every thing which passed between the Treasury Board, and thpfe who were copfulfed as to the terms of the loan, passed in the presence of thirty persons or more.

He could not think, all circumstances weighed, that Ibj terms offered by the subscribers were exorbitant, confJdering the price of flocks at the time; nor cppld be much Iefs thinly that the bargain was an improvident, or apparently disadyapta - geous one when struck 5 and if for noothqr teafoq, for the [ following : the flock to be funded was 18 millions ajper ent.

v " and

L

A. 1781. D £B A E

and three millions per cent. The subscribers, who wefe composed of Tome of the Directors of the Bank, East - India and other companies, bankers, and others, laid particular it refs upon so great a quantity of ( lock coining suddenty idft > the market, and the effect it must necessarily have on the price of the other funds. When, therefore, at one period ( of the Friday ) 3 per cents, were at 58 : and afterwards ( oh Monday ) when they were 61, it was natural to presume, that the plenty, or overflow of flock, would lower its nominal value He confessed he felt it in that light hitfifelf, though, perhaps, not to the extent it was urged; and though the speculation was not exactly confirmed by the event, he could not hblp thinking it at ail improbable or ill - founded. The reports of an approaching pacification gave a value to all the fundi which, perhaps, would not be otherwise allowed them; and when there was a prospect of a rising profit, it was reafohable to presume, that much would be hazarded on the printiple of ipeculation.

Some other modes of railing the supplies, he acknowledged, had been suggested in the Committee; but he was pleated to find, that none of them united the two principal objects he had in view so well as that he adopted. Much had been said about an encrease of capital. As he said then, the object of capital was nothing or next to nothing; his wish was to procure the money upon the bell terms; that ir, upon terms which would call for the smallest annual payments. He had effected it; for if he had adopted the only plan which was suggested, he mull have loaded the nation upwards of

ioo, oooo1. a year more than by the terms of the present loan it was obliged to pay : that is, instead of 66o, ooool. the nation would be loaded with an annual payment of 780, 0001. so that so far from wantonly or ynnecessarily loading the nation, the loan negotiated had a direct contrary effect : for instead of adding to the burdens of the people, it tended to lighten them in the proportion of more than one part out of seven.

It was much prested, as a proof of the improper distribution of the subscription, that those who lofl by the loan of 1778, were either totally excluded, or such as were not, got in the present but a very small proportion of what they wrote ( or. The fa& might be true as flated, though he did not v know it was; and yet those gentlemen who fubteribed m 1778, but who. had np part of the present fpbscription, would have, pp /ight to complain; for there had been two profitable Wans to die subscribers since, and it might bo prefbmed, that

A a a a the

3 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

the losers at the former period might have been partakers of the profits since, and have been made ample amends for their former disappointment.

He heard several names mentioned, Mcffrs. Strattoh and Co. Mr. Bordieu, &c. He did not recoiled the first. He remembered Mr. Bordieu, and recollected well, that he had been a considerable subscriber last year, if not the year before; consequently, though he had been a loser in 1778, the profits be might have made since, it was probable, more than compensated his former loss.

But he did not think himself exactly bound to answer for events of this nature. It was probable, that gentlemen who subscribed in 1778, subsevibed with a prospect of advantage; and there was no doubt but a risque attended every transaction of this nature. He was free to confess, that he could not undertake to make such a distribution as was likely to please all. In 1778, there wete but 240 persons offered; ra 1779, six hundred and odd; in 1780, eleven hundred and upwards; and in the present year, sixteen hundred.

He would fubinit to gentlemen how difficult it must be to fele& with precision out of so great a number, in I ' o shorta time, considering too the immense sum that was offered, upwards of forty millions. In that case he had done as well as he could—the subscription was divided amoDg eleven hundred persons, man ) of them known, and several recommended. Upon that prinpiple he had formed his lift, and all he thought necessary to add on the occasion was, that no person whatever, to his knowledge, had been rejected on account of his avowed or suspected principles. A preference, it was supposed, might be given, but he knew of none, further than where the parties were known to be men of property, or where they had a fair claim to attention.

The honourable gentleman had said a great deal about concealment, and suppressing the narties of ibme of the subseri - bers. He believed the circumstance had been sanctioned by custom; as long as he could recoiled ! any thing of loans, it had been invariably the case. In his apprehension, it made very little difference, and no industry, or caution could prevent it, if gentlemen chose to conceal their names. They might come ip under another name, or for a part of another person’s subscription, and at all events there was a risque attending managements of this kind, for which the ostensible subscriber was always responsible.

The honourable gentleman, who seconded the motion, charged him directly with employing Mr - Atkinson to fell 2 out

A. 1781. DEBATES,

3

out an hundred thousand pounds flock, to glut the tnarket9 and depreciate the flock. The charge was false; it was a gross falshood, and he defied the honourable gentleman to prove it. f Here a great cry of order ! order / ]

Mr. Byng. I mud again appeal to the House, whether charged the noble Lord with employing Mr. Atkinson to fell floc ! to glut the market; nor did my charge go home either to the noble Lord, or the Secretary of the Treasury; I am not ready to charge, where I am not ready to prove; but I am ready to prove, that Mr. Atkinfou’s broker fold an hundred thousand pounds on the Monday, another hundred on the Tuesday; and that on the Thursday there were reejuefts made to individuals to fell, in order to save the credit of the noble Lord, that was the reason assigned.

The noble Lord claims some merit, that the deposits are all made good. I believe they are, except one, where a gen tleman, asking for a largequantum, was cut down tofive hundred. There is a case that I recollect now of a Mr. Thomas Lloyd, who having solicited for some of t. he loan, found five ' thousand {landing in his name; he immediately made the first payment; but another Mr. Thomas Lloyd claimed it, and brought an order to shew that he was the real owner.

Mr. Lloyd who had made the deposit tried what entreaties would do, that he might have half, nay, would have been contented with a fifth, but all in vain. I mention this only to mark the druggie for loan. But now I have mentioned the name of ' Lloyd, I cannot avoid infottriing the House that there is another Mr. Lloyd, a Mr. Maurice Lloyd, commonly known by the name of Morris, the noble Lord ' s Mr.

Lloyd, who fold 40, 000 !. of the load, without his name appearing in the lift delivered to this House. Whether this 40, 00b !. was for Mr. Lloyd’s own use, for services performed, or for whose use it was, will be fair matter of future en -

Sftfvy.

Lord North proceeded; he said he had never heard ofu. AVf *. any fttch transaction. If there was such a one, he could give his honour it was not by any authority from him; nor could he be in any way responsible for the misconduct of another. 1 He begged the honourable gentleman’s pardon. He understood that he said the flock had been fold out by his direction.

On the whole his Lordship contended, that he made the beftpoffible bargain, under the existing circumstances; that close subscriptions were1 always conduced in a similar manner : that seeming partialities must happen from the establish - cd mode of conducting the business; and as he had no inten -

tion

#6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

tion of promoting His own separate interest, neither Had he alfed in any way direlUy or indirectly which could afford j ' uftcause for supposing that he had made a corrupt bargain,. with a view to promote the increase of influence, in order td Support hii own power *

Sir Fletcher sir j Fletcher Horton now rose, and the House was ail atten - i 0 0 tlori. He said the present was a great and most important question. It was a motion for an enquiry into a supposed crime of a public nature—a crime, which, if proved, would appear to be aggravated in all its circumstances. It was, no lelsthan a direct accusation against the noble Lordnin the blue ribbon, of a breach of trust in the execution of his Office; I trust, the faithful discharge of which he had been entrw - cd with by his Sovereign and his country.

He should not at so late an hour trouble the House, or detain it by entering into detail. It was enough for. him tbit he heard the extent and criminality of the charge, and the foundation for it; namely, the extravagant premium and presumed corrupt bargain, and the still much more corrupt distribution of it, were it possible in idea to separate the one from the other, which, in his opinion, they could not; for by what appeared both in salt and argument they conititujted one transaction, the bargaih appearing to have been made on account of the distribution.

The noble Lord and his friends seemed to fly from the enquiry; he could not say that it was a proof of his guilt; hut this he muff say, that it was a ftrortg preemption Of it, clie what reason could there be to stifle and suppress it ? When applied to the conduit of the noble Lord on former occasionS the imputation came with double weight. He had, in a long course of attendance in that House, often heard his Lord&ip accused of miscondult; he had as often heard his Lordship x put his accusers to defiance, call for their proofs, and chal -

lenge an enquiry into his general and particular condua. Now, for the first time, a speqific charge is made against him; a ' great variety of falls are stated, some that could belong to none but himself, nor for which no other person coukj be re - fponfible. He was not present when the honourable gentleman who stood forth on this occasion pledged himlcjf tfil he would bring forward the accusation; but he understood, ! the noble Lord invited the attack; yet now, when iflucif joined, the noble Lord shrinks—from what ? —from an enquiry or investigation of what he affelted to wjfh for, but ] now attempts to evade.

It was for the honour of the House; it was for the noble

A. 1781.

DEBATE S.

tye ( Lord ' s own honour to meet the enquiry like a bu

Was innocent; and if he was guilty, be trqfted the tjqnlje had not io totally forgot their duty to themselves, and rjieir constituents, as to screen him, if the noble Lord w#s guilty.

the latter should be the case, then would, be folly verified What had been so often alluded to, or insinuated intthe debate, that the very cause of Jiis guilt was the ground of his security.

! Much had been said about the impropriety of the enquiry .; but for his part he did nqt fee upon what subject t ) ie Houfp could possibly so fitly exercise th$t inquisitorial power, veiled m it by the constitution, as the present. The Members of that House were entrusted by their constituents to grant theft money, and fee it faithfully applied. It was not therefore a matter of choice, but absolute duty, upless they violated the trust reposed in them, to see that that trust, when deftgated to the Minister, was faithfully discharged. The transa&iop, tpmfke the best of it, was a foul and dark transaction; and for his part he was at a loss to knpw how any man whp re - fused to go into the proposed enquiry could dare to meet his constituents, because, whether bl meable or npt hhnfelf, he piifft be deemed a partaker in the guilt.

It w$s contended by the learned Lord, and several other

Sntlemen on the same side, that the Members of that House d a right, atleaft a kind of prescriptfte right, to a ( harp of tjhe loan. That such of them as. were not merchants or dealers ' in money, had not, was, he was convinced, out of the xjqcftion; but in his opinion, no man in that House ought to j rtake of the subscription; and so thoroughly persuaded of jt w s, he, that as lopg as he had the honour of fitting in that chaft, though he might, and he believed it was customary, hp npuer would accept of a ftpgle shilling in any loan.

| lis reason for it was this. The Members of that House, if they jiad any character, it was that of affing as trustees for their constituents and the public at large; then only fee, fays the learned gentleman, the double and preposterous. relation they must stand in towards their cpnftituents. They must borrow the money intone capacity, and lend it in the other, of course their views and interests muftbe discordant and ppgnant to e ch other. T}ie better bargain they made as

Sf ntatiyes, thcless profit they would of course receive as scribers, and so vice verfq. He appealed to genftcmePj Whether it wasthp interest of the borrower t9 ieave. it in the MWer of "the lender to ftx his own terms ) or did ft partake of e qajgjre of a trust, under any given cireutpftance, that the « ecqtiop 5 > f itjftoj&i b5lor thalb ? i it. of < thu tr. uftee ?. U

was

By L,

368 PAR LI AMENTARY A. i - jHt.

was a temptation, too great for any man to withstand, and too trying for any honest or prudent man to wifhto puthimself into.

He therefore once more conjured the noble Lord, for his own honour, for the honour of the House, and in regard to liis country, to meet the accusation like a man, and not meanly fly from it under the protection of a ibajority, who would be justly suspected of being partakers in the guilt. His •Lordship had often defied and challenged his accusers. If the present motion should be agreed to, they and he would be at issue; and if he declined the contest, however innocent his Lordship might be, the united voice of mankind would pronounce him guilty.

Mr. ijAmm - Mr. Mamfield ( Solicitor General ) rose next. He said, a great outcry had been raised against the Minister, but it was merely to put the people out of humour with their governors. The orators on the other fide were continually alarming the public with the idea of calamities they knew did not exist. That the war, and taxes raised in conference of it, would be felt by the people, or indeed that they were already felt by the people, he knew better than to deny. He believed the public did feel calamities from those things, but in no greater degree than absolutely unavoidable; and when opposition dwelt on that, they might, perhaps, be justifiable. But they were not so when they first Hated that the Minister was corrupt, and afterwards deduced calamities from that corruption, The House were called, he said, to vote for an examination into the circumstances of the loan, without any one charge being even so much as luggefted against it; and he i would remind the House, that at the time the loan was under their consideration, the only one thing that the other fide of the House cried out against, was the douceur of the lottery, which they thought ought to be taken away; so that, notwithstanding all they now said, and all they pretended, they never meant, any thing more than to strike off the lottery, which, had it been done, would not have reduced any of the burden they affected to think lay upon the shoulders of the public. They had not said any thing against the loan itself, which they now felt themselves so anxiously, and so fiiddcnly inclined to investigate. They liad, indeed, thrown out fomc insinuations against the Minister’s conduit, but they had no proof; they must esquire first, before they could come to proof.

A most violent cry of hear him ! hear him ! shook the ‘

« opposition fide of the House; after which the Solicitor - Ge -; rieral proceeded, that objections had been made to the loan, because members of parliament bad subscribed towards it

V

A. 1781. DEB ATES. 369

, but for his part, he did not know why members of parliament might not lend their money to government as Well as other people. A right honourable gentleman, too, who had spoken the last, was pleased to advance, that members of parliament who had subscribed to the loan were incompetent to vote on the present question; but he was of a very different opinion. '

Such a weak nets In the Members of that House, would be noting more, like children, than the representatives of a great empire. Members of Parliament who had subscribed to the loan could surely vote with the greatest propriety respecting it, for they knew more of it than other people, and knowing in their conferences that the terms of it were good, it would ill become them not to give it their approbation and vote.

The opposition fide of the House was again in an uproar, with a general try of hear him ! hear him ! After which, the learned speaker took notice of the complaint made against:

the Minister, for the manner in which he had distributed the loan, but he did not know, he said, by what act of parliament dt was, that the Minister was compelled to give to this person just so much, and to that subscriber such a particular sum. He was not bound to proportion it out according to the sum tenderecf, but had that part of the business of the loan left entirely to his own discretion.

The Solicitor - General upon the whole contended, that the loan had been conducted this year as heretofore, without the smallest deviation from the established rule, and he was of opinion, that if the subscribers should be made liable to the examination of a committee of the House of Commons, it would. be attended with the most pernicious consequences, as few people, alile to subscribe to the loan, would chuse to have their characters, their families and fortunes inquired into, merely to please the caprice of an individual, or the views of a party.

Mr. Dunning said, it was no worider his learned friend hadMr. /W

: so good an opinion of the firm of the loan, as the Attorney and Solicitor Generals were, by virtue of their office, entitled to a particular share of it. The learned gentleman took notice, that the Solicitor General had laid there was no proof, and that the House must first esquire before they could have

, that. The natural syllogism, he should think, was that his.. learned friend would of course vote for the question, because. .. the very and only object of that question was to esquire, vtfhich the last speaker had himself allowed was the necessary step to •be taken for coming at the proof; and yet he was rather inclined to think that he would reverie the fylldgifin, and vote directly against the question,

Vol. 1I. Bbb He

; yo PARLIAMEN TA RY A. if

He was not a little surprised, he said, that he should advance that the terms of the loan had not been impeached, bo cause, in every stage of it, there was not an epithet of reproach that had not been applied to it. The fatt was, the Vimrfter being himself too busy to attend to the matter, had eft it to his Secretary, and his Secretary being also very busy, lad transferred it to another Secretary, who having other matters to attend to, had referred it to Mr. Atkinson, win was his own Secretary, and who, being willing to do every body’s business, had good - naturedly settled the whole of the loan himself, without troubling the Minister, or any of hi, s Secretaries about it.

This being the case, he did not wonder that so many name ? had crept into the lift, which neither the Minister, nor any one else believed to be responsible men; but the fast was, that having a premium of ten per cent, upon the money they had subscribed, they had in a manner paid in ten per cent, as it were, at their first subscription. The learned Council made many pertinent observations on the influence of the Minister in consequence of the loan, and called earnellly upon the House for the question before them.

When the learned gentleman had concluded, a number of Members, "who through the greatest part of the debate had been in the coffee rooms adjacent, now crowded in, and called with loud and continued uproar for the question. The Speaker thought fit to rife, and call them to order. In a ftnfible and pointed speech, he severely represended the custom. There were, he said, a regular and uniform set of gentlemen of a particular description, who did not think it at all necessary to attend to any part of the debate, in order to receive information or judge where the merits of a question lay, that they might decide with decency, or vote with conviction; but they went to the coffee - houses, and there spent the whole day, and came in towards the concluflon of the debate, and with the utmost disorder and incivility called for the question, and put a hasty flop to the calm deliberations of such Members as acted up to their duty, in attending seriously to the business of the House. He hoped, tha as it was a practice so derogatory of the honour and the dignity of parliament, and so inconsistent with the gravity of a House of Representatives, that he would not have occasion again to take notice and complain of the indecency.

M tjValUu. Mr. Wallace ( Attorney General ) defended the loan and the Minister, on the fame ground as the Solicitor General, tod

FI -

A. 1781. DEBATES. 27

particularly he represended and objected. to the measure of inquiring in a committee into the characters and, fortunes of men, merchants, and bankers, where profelfional existence depended on the credit of their reputation,. for by such an inquisition they would be precluded the opportunity of defending themselves.

Mr. Hartley then said a few words in support of the mo - Mr. jfrrf - tion, and was followed on the same side by Mr. Turner, who was a little severe on the members who had been enjoying their bottle and glass up flairs, till it was time for them to come into the House, and divide.

The House then divided on the question, it being one o ’ clock in the morning, when there appeared, for the question 163; againstit 2C9.

Tq the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament af -

sembled.,

The Fourth Report of the Commissioners appointed to, take, and, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom. '

Proceeding in our inquiries into balances in the hands of those accountants who appear upon the certificate of accounts depending in the office of the auditor of the imprefi, we find therein, next to the treasurers of the navy, the names of several persons whose accounts have not been prosecuted for upwards of seventy years. We could have no expectation of profiting by a pursuit of claims arising at so remote a period; and therefore passing on to the next class, namely, the paymasters of the forces, we fee {landing firflin that class the name of Henry Earl of Lincoln; whose final account of the forces for six months, to the 24th of June 1720, is therein described to have been delivered into auditor Aifiabie ' s office, but, being very imper 44 sect, to have been long since withdrawn, and not returned. M We issued our precept to his grace the duke of Newcaftl ^, for an account of the public money in his ' hands, custody, or power, as reprfcfentative of Henry earl of Lincoln, late paymaster - general of the forces. The duke of Newcastle, in a letter dated the 24th of August last, informed us, that he never had in his hands, custody, or power, any of the public money which was pof 44 felled by his late father as paymaster of the forces, nor any of his accounts or vouchers relative thereto 5 nor could he inform us what balance, if any, 44 was due from him on that account; that his late father died intestate, leav - ing him, and several other children, then infants, and that Lucy coun - test of Lincoln, his widow, administered to him, and possessed what ef - sects he left, which file applied towards discharge of his debts and in a subsequent letter, dated the 23d of November last, the duke informed us, that he took administration debonis non to his late father, in May 1748. In

Bbba consequence

372 PARLIAMENTARY A. i7Sr.

consequence of these letters ' from the duke of Netvcastle, we proceeded no further in this inquiry.

Having issued our precepts to John Powell, esq. the only acting executor of Henry lord Holland; to lady Greenwich, administratrix to the rigtit hon. Charles Townshend, late paynTader of the forces, to lord North, and to the right honourable Thomas Townshend, late paymaster of the force ?, each jointly with George Cooke, Esq. deceased, for an account of the public money in their respective hands, custody, or power; we received returns thereto, which we have set forth in the appendix, with their several dates and Turns; the total of which amounts to 377, 788 !. " 5s .; d.

Having thus obtained a knowledge of the balance ?, our next step wss to examine whether they were liable to any such services, or subject to any such payments, in the hands ofthefe accountants, as rendered it neceflkry to permit them, or any part of them, to remain longer in their pollTdlion. For this purpose we examined John Powell, esq. the cashier, and Charles Bem bridge, el ’ q. the accountant to the paymaster - genei al of the forces; by whcm we are informed that the mon. y in the hands of the paymasters - general of the forces, after they are out of office, continues, as long as their accounts are kept open, liable to the payment of any claims of the fluff or hospital officers, or of any warrants for contingencies and extraordinarics, which were voted during the time they were respectively in office, and have not b n claimed; after the final accounts are closetl, such claimants mad apply for payment, either to the treasury or the war office, according to the nature of the claim. These ftims remaining in their hands are likewise subject to the payment of fees of divers natures, and of fees for passing their accounts and obtaining their quietus, together with the payment of a gratuity to the officers and clerks of the pay - office,; who, at the same time that they tianfaft the business of the paymaster in office, carry on also, make up, and finally close, the accounts of the paymasters after they are out of office; but, having no salary or reward whatever for this extra business, it has been customary for them, when the final account is ready to be passed, to present a memorial to the lords of the treasury, praying them to procure the King ' s warrant to the auditors of the imprest, to allow them a certain sum for their trouble, payable out of the - balance remaining in the hands of that paymaster.

The sums now in the hands ofthefe late pay matters of the forces, or of the representatives of those who are dead, are still liable to claims that may be made. upon them under various heads of services, and subject likewise to the payment of sundry fees, and of the customary gratuities; but neither these claims, fees, or gratuities, do, in our opinion, furnish any objection to the payment ofthefe balances into the Exchequer.

Lord Holland resigned this office in 176$; Mr. Charles ' Townfhedd in 1766; Lord North and Mr. Cooke in 1767; Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend in 1768; since which, sufficiertt time has elapsed for all the claimants upon these paymasters to have made their applications for payment. The public are not to be kept out of possession of large funts of their own money, nor public accounts to be kept open, because persons may hate forfo long a time neglected their own bulihefs : not that these claimants are without remedy after these accounts Me closed; by applying either to the trea - ftryi or to the war - office, as the case may require, their demands may be

enquired

X

L

A. 1781. DEBATES. 37j

enquired into and satisfied, by proper warrants. upon the paymaster in

office,

The fees and gratuities become payable when the final accounts are ready to be pafred in the office of the auditor of the imptelr; how long it will be before the final accounts of rhefe late paymasters will be in that firuation, it is not cafy to ascertain. John Lloyd, esq. deputy auditor of the impred to lord Sondes, informed us, that the final account of lord Holland was delivered into that office in January, 1772; the final account of Mr. Charles Townshend in July, 1777; the final account of lord North and Mr. Cooke in October, 1779. John Bray, esq. deputy auditor to William Aiflabie, esq. informed us, that the final and only account of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townffield was delivered into that office in November, 1779. From an objection herein - after mentioned, made by the acting executor of lord Holland to the final doling of that account, and from the representatica given to us by these officers, of the situation in which the other accounts now are in the imprest office, none of them appear to he in so advanced and perfect a flare as to give us reason to expect their speedy completion; and therefore we do not think, the payment of these balances into the Exchequer ought to be delayed un, til the accounts are settled, especially as we fee no fcalon why the paymaster in office may, not be authorized to pay, out of the publick money in his hands, all the fees and gratuities, whenever they become payable.

Seeing, therefore, no objection to arile, from the services or purposes to which these balances are dill applicable, to the payment of them into the Exchequer, we adverred to such reasons as might be fuggdted to us by the accountants themselves, or by tnofe who have an interest or trull in the funds out of which these balances mull be paid. To this end we examined the honourable Charles James Fox, esq. and John Powell, esq. executors of the late lord Holland; lady Greenwich, administratrix to Mr. Charles Town - ffield; lord North, Mr. Thomas Townshend, colonel George John Cooke, and, Mr. Charles Molloy, devisees of the estate of MV. George Cooke, late pay mallei s - general of the forces.

, Mr. Fox and Mr. Powell objected to the payment into the Exchequer of so much of the sum of 256, 456b 8s. 2d. ( being the balance in the hands # of Mr. Powell as executor of the late lord Holland ) as may be affected by the decision of certain suits depending in the court of Chancery. The sum that may be so affected, according to Mr. Powell’s account, amounts to 73, 1491. 1 os. 7d.

The Hate of the proceedings in these suits is set forth in Mr. Powell’s information to be as followsThe accounts of Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, one of the deputy paymasters to lord Holland, in Germany, during the late war, ' were examined in the office of the auditors of the imprest, where he is surcharged with the sum of 12, 0321. 13s. iod. halfpenny, which surcharge he controverts. In the beginning of lad year, the executors of lord Holland ' commenced two actions in the court of King’s - Bench against Mr. Taylor, and the executors and devisees of Peter Taylor, his father, who was hi fuirety, to recover the sum of 28, 1851. 9$. 3d. J being the balance supposed to be due from him upon these accounts, in which sum the surcharge is included, As the quedion in these catties appears to be, whether Mr. Taylor I was

C

1

37+ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

was indebted to the executors of lord Holland in this. sum, or any part of it, the balance of Public money in Mr, Powell ' s hands mi ht be encreased, but could not be diminished by the event of these actions; and therefore Mr, Powell does not infill upon retaining any part of this balance to secure him against such event; but Mr. Taylor, and the devisees of Peter Taylor, fooa after filed two bills in the court of Chancery against the executors of lord Holland, fuggelling errors, and praying that these accounts may be taken in that court. These causes have not yet come to a hearing; but the ground of Mr. PovvelPs claim to the detention of this sum of 73, 149 !. 10s. 7d ., as collected from his information, and the letter of his folicstor, appears to be this; that should an account be decreed, every item in Mr. Taylor’s accounts will be open to litigation; and Mr. Taylor having charged himself, before the auditors of the imprest, with the sum of 786, 357 guilders, and 9 stivers, which is 73, 1491. 1 os. 7d. llerling, as a profit to the public arising on money transactions in his department as deputy p tymaster, may fuggell, in the progress of these causes, that he has erroneoufiv charged himself with this sum; and therefore Mr. Powell claims to retain it in his hands, to guard against the consequences of a possible decision upon this sum in Mr. Taylor’s favour ., "

Subjects under litigation in a court of justice should not be examined elsewhere without an absolute neceftity, and not even then but with great cau - tion. This point coming thus incidentally before us, in the progress of an inquiry within our province, - we may, without impropriety, venture to say, that in our opinion, the bare polfibilify that Mr. Taylor may, in the court of Chancery, object to, and be discharged of a sum he has charged himself with before the auditors of the imprest, and which he was bound by his instructions to charge himself with, as a profit to ' the public, and to which, for aught that appears to us, he has never yet objected, bur has, on the contrary, in part applied to the use of the public, is net a suffi. ient reason for permitting the sum of 75, 149 !. 10s. to continue in the hands of the executors of lord Holland, until twofuits in chancery, not yet heard, praying an account may be taken of the receipt of 913, 4051. 6s. adj. and of the expenditure of 878, 0081. 18s. idj > during upwards of four years of the late war in Germany, shall be finally determined in the court.

Lady Greenwich, lord North, Mr. Thomas Townshend, colonel Cooke, and Mr. Molloy, do not object to the payment into the Exchequer of their balances; nor do Mr. Fox and Mr. Powell, as the residue oflord Holland’s balance, upon severally receiving their quietus, or a security equivalent thereto.

Where accounts must be patted by the auditors of the imprest, the payments into the Exchequer, made by the accountants, before the final adjustment, are payments upon account only; but should these accountants be directed to pay in their full balances, they will be entitled to, and ought in justice to receive, a security and indemnification against all claims and payments whatever, to which the balances were in their hands i ’ ubjedt; the fund possessed by the paymaster in office being substituted in the place of these balances, to answer such future claims and demands, the accountant himself will ( land liable only to the errors and omissions that may be discovered in the examination of his accounts, in the office appointed for auditing them : should there

' ' he

A. 1781 - DEBATES. 375

be errors, he may either pay the balance to, or receive it from, the paymaster in office, according as it may be determined; then, and not before, he will be entitled to his quietus, which being the formal official diteharge of every public accountant, cannot but be subsequent to the complete examination, and the payment of the balance, if any, according to the final adjust - ir. ent of his accounts.

Having, therefore, not heard, either from the accountants themselves, or from those who may be interested in our decilion ?, any reasons to alter our opinion, we conceive that the balance of public money now remaining in the hands of John Powell, Esq; as the only aching executor of lord Holland, and in the hands of lady Greenwich, as administratrix to Mr. Charles Townshend, late pay mailer of the forces; and in the hands of lord North, and of Mr. Thomas Townshend, as late paymasters of the forces, each jointly with Mr. George Cooke, deceased, ought to be paid into the Exchequer, to be applied to the public service; and that such payments should be with - cut prejudice, and a proper security and indemnification be given to each of them against any lot ' s or detriment that may accrue to them in consequence of such payment.

Paring the course of this inquiry, two circumstances engaged our observation.

Firil, the injury sustained by the public from not having the use of the money remaining in the hands of the paymasters of the forces after they have quitted the office.. We procured from the pay - office, accounts of the balances and Turns received and paid every year, by each of these paymasters, since they federally went out of office. A computation of interelf, at four per cent, per annum, upon these balances every year, from six months after they severally resigned the office, ptoves that the loss by the money left in the hands of lord Holland amounts, at simple interest, to 248, 3941. 13s. df Mr. Charles Townshend, to 24, 2471. 3s. of lord North and Mr. Cooke, to 18, 77 1. 3s. of Mi. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, to 3, 419b 15s. total, 294, 8361. 14s.

Such has been the loss sustained by the public. Much does it behove them to guard against the possibility of the like evil for the future. If there exists in government no power to compel an accountant to disclose his balance, and to deliver back to the public what their service does not require he should detain, it is time such a power was created. If it does exist, the public good requires it should be constantly exerted, within a reasonable limited time after an accountant has quitted his office.

Secondly, The other circumstance that claimed our attention is, the delay in passing the accounts of the paymasters of the forces.

The making up and passing these accounts is the concern of three different parties; the paymaster, whose accounts they are; the pay - office, where they are made up; and the auditors office, where they are passed. The first step mull be taken by the pay office; there the accounts must be made up, and from thence sent with the vouchers to the auditors office, before they can be examined. Near forty - six millions were issued to, lord Holland; his final account was not delivered into the auditors office until seven years after his resignation.. Above two millions were issued to Mr Charles Townshend;

M final account was not delivered until eleven years after his resignation.

Near

PARLIAMENTARY

376

A 1781 *

Near two millions were issued to lord North and Mr. Cooke; their final account was not delivered until twelve years after their resignation. Five hundred and seventy thousand pounds were issued to Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thoma3 Townshend; thtironly account was not delivered until eleven years after their resignation.

In the office of the auditors of the imprest, the custom of not passing the accounts of a fucceilbr, until the predeceilbrs are completed, is a cause of ' delay. A dispute with a deputy flops lord Holland’s accounts; but that can be no reason for delaying one moment the accounts of his successors; they depend not upon, nor are connected with each other. It is regular to examine and pass accounts in order of time; but in the case of the paymaster’s accounts, convenience, both public and private, will warrant a deviation from this rule. Every accountant has a material imereft that his accounts should be passed with dispatch; the quiet of himfdf, his family, and fortune.

It is not unreasonable to presume, that taking from an accountant his balance, ' may be a means of expediting the passing of his accounts; whilst he holds a large sum in his hands, he may be less anxious to come to a final ad justinent, less eager to procure a quietus, the condition of which is the depriving himself of that balance.

We are proceeding to examine the sum in the hands of the paymaster general of the forces in office; but finding, from the variety and extent of his transactions, ' it will require a considerable rime before we can obtain the knowledge necessary for forming a ieportr wre judged it moll consonant to the spirit and intention of the act that regulates our eonduct, to submit with all 1 the dispatch in our power, to the wisdom of the legislature, the consideration, of a sum of public money of such magnitude as that now remaining in the possession of the paymasters general of the forces out of office.

GUV CARLETON, ( L S ) I

T. ANGUISH, ( L. S. )

A. PIGGOFT, ( L. S )

RICH. NEAVE, ( L. S. ) '

SAM. BEACHCROFT, ( L. S. )

GEO. DRUMMOND. ( L. S. )

Office of Accounts, Bell yard,

9th April, 1781.

•A

P P E N D I X.

' Victuallers of I the Navy. J

Treasurer of q the lick and > wounded. J

INO, I,

Sir Tho. Littleton and partners —

Executors of Thomas Sa - vary, Esquire

p A slate of their interest and victualling accounts, for the year 1673, was laid before Lord Treasurer Godolphin, but is. not prosecuted. f Hixfinalaccoimt. frororftjdly, < 1712, to 5 th of March follow -

l ing, remains unprofecured.

Francis

A. i7$i *

Transport

service.

Laud forces.

Land Forces.

VOL. 1I.

DEBATES.

in

Francis Lynn, Esquire

John Nutting, Esquire

Charles Mason, Esquire

Executors of John Mead, Esquire, late Deputy i Paymaster of the for - qes. — —

I

t

Henry Earl of Lincoln

Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster General — — *

The Right Honourable Charles Townftiend, late Paymaster General — —

The Right Honourable Lord North. and George Coojce, Esquire, late Paymaster General

Paymaster C c c

His account, from 5th March, 1712, 0 the time that office was incorporated with the nay, has been examined; but the account is not pro fectfted. V Has delivered an account, from 29th March, 17P4, to 24th June, 1705, which is not prosecuted;

He is accouahtaible to irih JW nuary following.

{His ftn account, tox9th April, 1708, is declared, with a balance dtfc from hhe accountant of ^. 3, 170. 12. 3. fAce to render an account ef he profits arising by the recoinage of the public money delivered by him into twe Mint of his Imperial Ma - L jesty as King of Spain, f His final account of the forces for 6 months, to 24th Jund, 1720, was delivered Into auditor Aiflabie’s office 5 but being very imperfect, has been long since withdrawn, and not returned.

His accounts to 24th December, 1764, are declared.

His final account for half a year, from thence to 24th June, 1765, is preparing for declaration.

His first account, from 24th June, 1765, to 24th December following, is under examination; his final account, from thence to 24th June, 1766, is also undfer examination.

Their account, from 2 $th June, 1766, to 24th December following, is delivered,

Their final account from 24th December, 1766, to the 24th December, 767, is atlodelivered.

The

1

rHit

I Hi

37 *

A. 1781.

PARLIAMENTARY

The Right Honourable George Cooke and Thomas Townshend, Esquire, late Paymaster General The Right Honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General

Their account, from th De - « cember, 1767, to 24th June, 1768, is delivered.

fHis accounts from 2 <; th June, - j 1768, to 24th December, 1769, (. are delivered.

No. 2.

An Account of the balances in the hands of the late General of

from the returns made ly them to the appointed to

sendfate, the public accounts of the kingdo,

Paymasters. Date of the balance. Sum.

Executors of Henry Lord Holland Administratrix bf Charles Town 27th September, 1, 780 56, 456 2 4

ihend, Esquire — Lord North and George Cooke, 29th September, 1780 44. 4 4 8

Esquire — — George Cooke and Tho. Town - 10th October, 1780 63. 738 3 10

ihead, Esquire — — 30th August, 1780 £ 3 >, 7l 4 9 377 788 5 7

No, 3.

The examination of John Powell, Esq. to the paymafer - general of the forces; taken upon oath, the 20th and 26th of February, 1 j

19 th, and 2 % th March, 1781, before the CommiflLhers of public accounts.

THIS examinant faith, That he is the only acting executor of Henry Lord Holland, late paymaster - general of the forced that the sum of 256, 4561. 28. 4d. mentioned in his return to the precept of this Board, upon the 27th of September last, was, to the best of his knowledge, the whole balance then remaining upon the account of the said Henry Lord Holland, as paymaster - general of the forces. When a paymaster goes out of office, his accounts of the year’s establishment are generally carried on, either to the 24th of June, or to the 24th of December, preceding or subsequent to his resignation or death, as most convenient for the public service. If his accounts j end the 24th of June, he receives his proportion of that year’s supplyj if they end on the 24th of December, he receives the whole year’s supply, out of the Exchequer, as it is wanted in order of time. Ip lord Holland’s time, it was the usage of the office to ask of the treasury, generally every four months, a third part of the whole year’s ordinary supply; but fence the year 1759, the prance has been, not to apply for money for any service, until pear the usual time for payment of that service, at which time thq paymjtfer,

A 178f• DEBATES. 37$

though our of office, upon application to the Treasury, receives it by their direction from the Exchequer, and applies it to satisfy the demands of those who have claims upon that service.

Lord Holland’s accounts ended on the 24th of June, 176$, and his final account was delivered into the office of the auditor of the imprest on the 1 xth of January, 1772. The balance for which he is accountable to the public, as executor to the late lord Holland, is at this time subject to the following services i

Toclairasof the staff and hospital officers, and to warrants for contingent cies and extraordinaries voted by Parliament during the time lord Holland was in office, and not yet claimed, if there be any such claims or warrants exiting. If lord Holland ' s accounts were doled, he is inclined to think these claimants mu ft apply either to the treasury or to the secretary a t war, to renew their warrants for payment. As all the fees for passing the accounts, and for the quietus, are, as he believes, provided for, the only remaining payment to which the present balance is subject, is, the usual gratuity to the, officers and clerks of the paymaster - general, for making up the accounts of the paymasters out of office : the officers and clerks of the paymasters in of fice, carry on and make up the accounts of the paymaster out of office; for which extra business, they have no salary or reward, until the final account is ready to be passed; at which time they present a memorial to the treasury praying them to obtain the King ' s warrant to the auditors of the imprest, to allow them a certain sum for this business; which sum, pursuant to this warrant, is paid to them out of the balance.

The sums received by a paymaster, after he is out of office, are either sums issued to him out of the Exchequer, which were due for the ordinary service of the army at the time he went out of office, and for which he had at that time credit at the Exchequer; or sums received by him from the paymaster in office, by virtue of treasury warrants, for extraordinary services advanced by him during the time of his being in office; or from the treasury in Ireland, for the pay of the Irish regiments serving out of that kingdom according to the Irish establishment. Lord Holland has received, as he believes, all the public money due to him out of the Exchequer, and from the fucteeding paymasters, and from Ireland.

After a paymaster has resigned his office, he has continued to receive money out of the Exchequer for the following services

The pay of the general and staff officers at home and abroad; the pay of the officers of the hospital at home and abroad; the pay of the staff of the garrisons at home and abroad; for contingencies of the army at home and abroad; for house pensioners, servants, and artificers of Chelsea hospital; for half pay officers, widows allowances, off - reckonings, and the clearings.

He further faith, he was accountant to the Paymaster General from Jnfle 1765 to March 1776, when he was appointed cashier : that, during the time he was accountant, and, as he believes, from the year 1759, and since he waa appointed cashier, the mode of Hating the army accounts, and of allting for money, was and has been as follows

The sums voted to pav the general and staff officers, and the officers of the hospital, are generally anted of the Treasury at the customary periods of payment; these sums, after they are directed by the Treasury, and received,

Ccc a remain

PARfcl AM ' ENTARY

A i ? 8f.

remain in the, hands of the pay made r until a certificate cornea to him from Secretary at War, specifying. the names and Nations of the several officers actually employed : upon a debenture being male out, purfoant to that certificate, and the King’s warrant obtained agreeable to that debenture, the fyms due to the several officers are paid to them, or to their agents, upon their application.

The sums to pay the ( lass of the garrison at home and abroad are asked in like manner as the sums to, pay the general and flat ? officers; and when received, are paid, some to the governors of the garrisons, or to their agents; others, to the officers themselves, or their agents.

He does not recoiled, that the sums for contingencies are asked from the Treasury; they are paid, when applied for pursuant to the warrants of the Secretary at War, out of, any mopey in the - hands of the paymaster; warrants for this serviceare almost every, day presented to the pay - office for payment.

The sums to pay the house pensioners, servants, and artificers of Chelsea hospital, are asked every six months - when twelve. months are due, and paid into the Hands of the deputy Treasurer,. who is appointed by the paymaster, and accountable to him.

The sums to pay half - pay officers are afkejbovcry six months, when due, and paid to the several officers entitled, or their agentsyoo i Heir application.

The sums to pay the pensions to officers Widows are not, as far as he can recoiled, asked of the Treasury; they are paid by the Paymaster General, out of any money in his hands, totbe paymaster of the pensions ( who is appointed by patent ) upon his application, and paid by him to the claimants every four months.

When fifteen or sixteeo months of the off - reckonings are due, it is usual for the paymaster to ask of the Treasury for six months, and when received, notice is given, and the money is paid fbon after to the persons to whom the colonels have assigned them.

As to the clearings, a debenture warrant is sent to the paymaster by the Secretary at War, signifying the King’s1 directions to him to make up the accounts of certain regiments; in oonsequence of which, the paymaster Hates the accounts of those regiments, and certifies to the King the amount of the full pay of such regiments, according to the establishment ( provided no ref - pite is directed ) for the time specified in the warrant, upon which certificate the King’s warrants are obtained for the full pay of the regiments, if there is no respite j and the paymaster applies to the Treasury for the sums due for clearings, and upon receiving them, notice is given, and they are paid totbe agents of the respective regiments.

The sums for these several fevvices are asked of the Treasury, received, aiut paid, in the same manner, by the paymaster, whilfthe is in office.

It is the practice of the office to introduce the annual receipts and payments of a deputy paymaster, for extraordinaries, into the Paymaster General’s sc - ' count for that year, which account is sent to the office of the auditor of the imprest; but Mr. Peter Taylor and Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, who were two of Lord. Holland’s deputies, did, as he is informed and believes, at Lord Holland’s lequefi, make up their own accounts themselves and fend them to the auditor’s office. for. tfifir immediate ejountnanoa; Land. Holland fog -

v ^.

I

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

38 *

geftrog that it would1 be for his own advantage, ad well a5 that of the public, to have thoie accounts, which were vety voluminous, and contained a great ' expenditure, settled and adjusted as speedily as possible, that i case any arti des were disallowed or questioned by the auditor, Meftfc. Taylors, and their assistants, might have then an opportunity of explaining theni; had ' they been inserted into the annual accounts; in the usual manner, these peHbns might have been either dead or absent at the time these accounts came in course under the examination of the auditor, '

The deputy pay mailers are subject to the controul of the pnymaftfcr general; they are instructed to fend their accounts to the office by every opportunity that offers, and he may call upon thetri to account whenever he pleases;

This examinant further faith, That he hath two objections to defray tfcfe fiftal account of Lord Holland, and paying the balance into the Exchequer.

The first, i9the final adjustment of the account of Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, deputy paymaster in Germany in the lafft war, the auditors having fur - charged Mr. R. P. Taylor ' s account with ’ the fum‘ of twelve thousand and fiftynwo pounds thirteen shillings and ten - pence halfpenny 5 which - Mr. Tay - lor does not admit of, asserting that he has absolutely paid the said sum.

The secondand principal objt&ion is, That Mr. R. P. Taylor has brought a charge against Lord Holland of fevert hundred eighty - fi t thousand three htrndhed and fifty - seven guilders nine ( livers, which, computed at ten guilders fifteen divers to the pound ( lerling, amounts to seventy - three thousand one hundred forty - nine pounds ten shillings and seven pence ( lerling, for profit arifrng on money transa&idns io she department of the said R. P. ' Taylor, deputy paymaller in Germany, which profit ha9 not, as yet, been fully paid to the late Lord Holland, or to his executors. A prosecution is commenced again ( 1 Mr R. P. Taylor, as the principal, and the executors and devisees of Mr. Peter Taylor, deceased ( Who was security for R. P. Taylor ) for the ' balancewho assert, that a Mailer in Chancery is the only competent judge of the account, before whom they require the aCCoUot to be brought, for the determination and deciiion of the Lord Chancellor.

This examinant further faith, That he has 00 objection to close the final account of the late Lord Holland with the auditors, provided he ' is allowed to detain in his hands the aforesaid sum of seventy - three thousand one hundred forty - nine pounds ten shillings and seven - pence, until the Lord Chancellor has decided upon Mr. R. P. Taylor ' s account; this being permitted, he is ready to pay the balance on receiving a quietus.

That upon application to Mr. John Woodhouse, who aflsas his solicitor, be has received from him the following letter; which contains, as he believes, a true account of the proceedings between him and Mr. R. P. Taylor, as deputy paymaster to the late Lord Holland, and the executors and devisees of Mr. reter Taylor, deceased.

"SIR,

u IN answer to your favour of yesterday, desiring a ( late of the proceedings of Lord HollandVe ecUtdrs, again# Robert Paris Taylor, and the executors and trufleds of Pieter Taylor his surety; and whether any < ue ( lion can arise, in the suits depending, concerning xhe profits on Paris T. vI of ’ s, account, as charged by himself, amounting to ferenty - three thdiifand one hundred forty - nixie pounds ten shillings and seven - pence; I sun to inj&rih you, _ _ ‘ - that

3 2 PARLIAMENTARY A. iy u

that in the beginning of last year I commenced two actions, for L > rd Holland’s executors, in the Court of King’s - Bench, the one against Robert Paris Taylor, as principal, the other against Mr. CorneWall, Mr. Popham, and Dr. Schoinberg, as executors and devisees of Peier Taylor, upon several bonds, given and executed by Robert Paris Taylor, and Peter Taylor, to Lord Holland, as Paymaster General; to recover the fu n of twenty - eight thousand one hundred eighty - five pounds nine shillings and five - pence three farthings, appearing to be the balance of Robert Paris Taylor’s several accounts, as Rated by the auditors, and approved by the Lords of the Treasury. In the fame term, or soon after, two separate bills were filed in the Court of Chancery, by the respective agents of Robert Paris Taylor, and the devisees and executors of Peter Taylor, for the fame purpose, viz. for referring the whole of Robert Paris Taylor’s accounts to a Mailer in Chancery, infilling that they had a right so to do; suggesting many errors in the accounts, as dated by the auditors, generally, and also specifically; and con - troverting their authority as the only jurisdiction for settling such accounts; also praying injunctions; which they obtained, it being impolSble to put in the answers in eight days, to day the proceedings in the said suits : but the answers being afterwards filed, I moved to didblve the injunctions, and, upon the plaintiffs {hewing cause on the merits, the injunctions were difiolved. As it was practicable, by the rules of the Court of Chancery, to proceed to judgments in the actions at law, notwithstanding the injunctions, I availed myself of that privilege, and, for want of plea9, judgments were entered in both suits, and a fire facias has issued against the executors; but that soit has not been further prosecuted, owing to the applications made by their solicitor, who avers there are errors in the accounts dated by the auditors.

" The plaintiffs in the several suits in Chancery may proceed, to a hearing as soon as they please, and if the court shall decree an account, not only the item of seventy - three thousand one hundred forty - nine pounds ten shillings and seven - pence, but every other item in Paris Taylor’s account, will be open to litigation before a matter, and finally be decided by the court, if either party Should be dissatisfied with the matter’s determination.

Bridewell Hospital, I am, Sir,

Tuesday, ilth February, 1781. Yeur mod obedient servant,

JOHN WOODHOUSE. "

John Powell, Esquire.

That by an abstract of Mr. R. P. Taylor’s accounts, delivered into the office of the Paymaster General, he has charged himself with the sum of seven hundred eighty - six thousand three hundred fifiy - seven guilders nine Rivers, as profit to the public.

In the Paymaster General ' s inftrnCtions to Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, he directed him to keep an exact, regular, and clear account of all his receipts and payments, and if any profit arose to the public in the course of his transac - tions, he was instructed and ordered to charge - himself therewith.

Guy Carletdn % JOHN POWELL.

ST. Anguish,

Rich• Neave,

Sam. Bcacbcrofi

Geo. Drummond,

v No, 4

A. 1781. DEBATES. 383

No 4 *

The Examination of Charles Bembridge, j accountant to the

General of the forces; taken upon oath, the 20th anti izd of March, 1781,

THIS examinant faith, That he carries on and makes up the accounts of the paymasters after they are our of office, as well as, those of the paymaster in office. '.

The only obstacle to the final adjustment of the late Lord Holland’s account, is a dispute relative to the balance in the hands of Mr Paris Taylor, who was one of his deputies.

The accounts of the Paymaster General are sent from the pay - office to the office of the Auditor of the Imprest, with near all the payments inserted which have at that time come to the knowledge of the office, and the vouchers for them; after the Auditor has examined them, if any doubts arise, he fends to the pay - office an account of the queries he makes; if any of these queries ire not answered to his satisfaction, he surcharges the Paymaster with the amount of them, and returns the account to the pay - office, who add the charge, and such articles of the discharge as were not before inserted; it is then lent again to the Auditor’s office for examination, after which the pay - office adds the totals, and strikes the balance.

The final accounts of Mr. Charles Townshend, and of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, and of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, have been sent from the pay - office to the Auditor’s office, with their several vouchers; none of them have yet been returned back to the pay - office, nor any queries sent thither relative thereto.

The balances in the hands of these three late Paymasters are still subject to some claims upon several heads of services, and likewise to the payment of fees of divers natures, and of passing their final accounts, and of obtaining their quietus, and to the payment of the usual gratuity to the officers of the pav - office for carrying on and making up these accounts.

He knows of no objection to making up and passing the accounts of a fub - fequeot Paymaster, though his predecessor’s are not finished.

CHARLES BEMBRIDGE.

Guy Carleton,

T, Aogu ish )

Rich. Neave,

Sam, Beachcroft,

Geo. Dritmmond *

No.

The Examination of John Lloyd, Esquire. Deputy Auditor of the Imprest to Lord Sondes; taken upon oath, the 14 and jbtb of March, 1781.

THIS examinant faith, That the final account of Lord Holland, as Paymaster General of the forces, for half a year, from the 2jth of December, 1764, to the 24th of June, 176$, was delivered ' into the office of Lord Sondes on the 1 ith of January, 1772. The reason why this account is not yetclosed, is, that it came from the pay - office to the Auditor’s office imperfect, with blanks : that since it came in, articles have at several times been added, by the pay - office, both to the charge and discharge : that the greatest part of this account has been examined and engrailed; but there are still some blanks left, which must he filled up before it can he completely closed; be has several

C

3 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

ral times applied to the pay - office to complete this account, but it is not yet done. Were they to fend it into the office correct and complete, with the balance afeermined, it would probably be ready for declaration within three months afterwards It is the ui ' ual and moil regular method in the office, not to finiffi one paymaster’s account until those of his predecellbrs are closed. This mode is not absolutely necessaty; for though the annual payments, by successive pay mailers, follow each other in order of time, ana ffioiiId regularly be examined in the order in which they are made, yet they are not so connected with each other, as to prevent the passing of a subsequent pay mailer’s account before that of his predecessor ’ s.

The balance declared, upon a final account, to be due from the Paymaster, is usually directed by the King’s warrant to be paid to his successor.

It appears, from the books of the office, that Mr. Charles Townshend’s final account, from the 25th of December, 17. 6$, to the 24th ot June, 1766, was delivered into the office of Lord Sondes on the 12th of July, 1777; ang that the final account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, from the 2$th of December, 1766, to be 24th of December, 1767, was delivered into the fame office on the 30th of October, 1779.

These two accounts are not yet perfect, neither the charges nor drfeharges are completed; but Mr. Townffield’s account is under examination.

When an account is ready for doling, he returns the book of accounts to the pay - office, and delirts them to complete it; upon receiving it back again, he examines the articles that are addea, and if both offices agree in the balance, the account is closed. It is not in his power to form any judgment within what time these accounts will be ready. for declaration, as it does not depend typoathe office of the Auditor.

The Pay mailers fend their accounts to the Auditors office at such times as they rthink proper; after they aredelivered in, they lie open at the office, for any additions that may be made to them, at any time, until they are closed.

The Auditor has no power of compelling accountants to deliver in their ac « copnfs for examination.

JOHN LLOYD.

Guy Carleton,

T. Mguish, "

Sam. Beachcroft,

Geo. Druthmond\

No. 6.

The Examination of John Bray, Esquire, Deputy Auditor of the, to

William Aijlahie, Efhuire; taken upon, the 14 16 and 2 - 1 ft of

March,. 1781.

THIS examinant faith, That it appears from the books of the offic that the account of Mr. Charles Townshend, as Pay mailer General of the forces, from tji 25th of June to the 24th of December, 1765, was, delivered into $ he office of Mr. Aiflabie on the 8th of February, 1776. This account it in great forwardnefc, and so near being completed, that if the warrants grant -, 4ng allowances to the deputy paymasters and others are procured by the pay - jpffice, and‘delivered; o the Auditor’s office in a ( hart time, and the regimental rjbpok, and book of account attbffed, he has reason to believe it will be ready fordeclataMonatMidfamwri qrt.

The

A i ? 8i

t > E A T E '

3 5

The account of Lord North and Mr. Cooke, from the 2 jth of June to the 24th of Dcdftnber, i f6bf was delivered into the fame office oil the 30th of October, 1779 This account is at yet imperfect, but is under examination.

The account of Mr. Cooke and Mr. Thomas Townshend, from the 25th of December, 1767, to the 24th of June, 1768, which is their only account, was delivered into the fame office on the i£th of November, 77 4 This account has not yet, that be knows of, been proceeded upon, as ffierb are preceding accounts now in hand. The Auditor cannot make the accounts of the Paymasters General ready for declaration until they are made complete by, and the balance settled at, the pay - office.

In an account, intituled, Robert Paris Taylor, Deputy Pay matter in Ger many, his general account current with the Right Honourable Lord Holland, Paytnafter General, delivered by him or his agents into Mr. Auditor Aiflabie’s office some time, as he apprehends, in the year x 764, Mr. Paris Tavlof has charged himself with several sums, amounting together to seven hundred eighty - six thousand three hundred fifty - seven guilders nine ttivers, which, at the rate of ten guilders fifteen ttivers to the pound sterling, amounts, as he computes the fame, to seventy - three thousand one hundred forty - nine pounds ten shillings and ( even - pence, as a profit to the public on sundry payments made by him in Germany or elsewhere. It appears that the first article in the said account is dated in April, 1759, an < v a fuffl received by him Peter Taylor, at sundry rimes; the last article tt a fom received by him on rim 23th of July, 1763.

JOHN BRA ?.

Ghtf Carlciott,

T Augutfb,

Mdch\

Sam, Beachcroft,

Gee Zhummond, '

No. 7.

The Examination of the Honourable Charles James Fox, Bfquire; taken ttfon v oath, the 26th of, 1781.

THIS examinant faith, That he is interested in the residue of the perfotM efttts of the late Henry Lord Holland, together with his brother Colonel ' Henry Fox, who is in America, and his nephew Henty Lord Holland, an infant about the age of seven years.

Thfttberfe is a litigation depending between the executors of Lord Hoi land, end Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, who was one of his deputies, the determination of which may attest the balance due from the late Lord Holland, as Paymaster of the forces; as much of that balance as may be aife&ed by that litigation, he objects to the payment of into the Exchequer; as to the residue, hq has no objection, upon obtaining a quietus, or an indemnification equivalent thereto.

e. jv fox

Gay Carle tan *

SF. r

'; r '

J&ck NeavCy

Sqm Beachcroft )

Gee. Drummond *

Vol. IL D d d No. 8. The

$S6 PARLIAMENTARY A. r ? 8u

No. 8.

yje Examination of the Right Honourable Caroline Barontft Greenwich;

taken upon oath, the zbth of, 1731.

HER Ladyship faith, That the Aim of forty - four thousand four hundred twenty - two pounds four fhiUing and eight - pence, mentioned in the return made by her to the requisition of this hoard, dated the 29th of Septembef last, is, to the belt of her knpwledge and belief, all the pubiie money at that time remaining in her hands, custody, or power, hs administratrix to the Right Honourable Charles Tournfoend, late ray ( patter General of his Majesty’s forces. ' ’ ’ * ‘ ’ '

She has no obje&ion to the payment of this balance into the Exchequer, upon receiving a proper discharge *

GREENWICH.

Guy Carfaon,

J -. Anguish,

d. Piggoti,

Rich *

Sam. Beachcrofti Geo. Drummond *

Nq « 9.

she Examination of the Right Honourable Lord North; taken upon the Zetland 30/ of March, 1781# '

LORD NORTH fays, That the sum of sixty - three. thousand seven bttn - 1 dred thirty - eight pounds three shillings and ten - ] > ence, mentioned in the return made by him to the requisition of this board, dated the joth of October lad, is, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, all the public money at that time remaining in his hands, custody, or power, as late Paymaster of the forces jointly with George Choke, Esquire, deceased.

This sum is subject : to the services for which it was granted, in case there are any demands upon those services unsatisfied, and to the payment of the fees of makibg up and passing his accounts, and the payment of the gratuities to the officers or the pay - office for carrying onnnd making up his accounts.

He has no objection to pay in the, whole balance into the Exchequer, either Upon receiving a quietus, or a security equivalent to a quietus, that may ’ equally ftcure himself and his family from any further claims from the pub lie upon him, as late Paymaster of the forces.

' NORTH.

Guy Carktou,

T. Angu ( /b,

Rich. Reave,

Sam.

Geo Drummond '.

No. 10.

' The Examination of the Right Thomas Townshend; taken upon oath, the 2jtb

of March, 1781.

THIS examinant faith, That the sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy - one pounds fourteen shillings and nine - pence, mentioned in the return made by him to the requisition of this Board, dated the 30th of Algol ! lad, is, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, all the public money sf that x time

A. tjti. DEBATES. r 3 7

time remaining in hit hands, custody, or power, as late Paymaster General of the forces jointly with George Cooke, Esq. deceased.

Thit balance it Hill liable to such services as were voted during the time he was in office, and have not been yetfatisfied, and to the payment of the feet ' and usual gratuities for making np and passing hit accounts.

He hat no objection to the payment of the balance into the Exchequer, upon. receiving a proper security and indemnification.

THO. TOWNSHBND.

Guy Carleton,

T. AngutJb,

Sam, Rcacbcroft,

Geo. Drummond *

No. 11.

The Examination of George John Cooke, Eff, taken upon the id of

April, 1781.

THIS examinant faith, That he is ipterested, together with his brother, Charles Molloy, Esq. in the residue of the real and personal estatet of the late George Cooke, Esq. deceased, his father, Paymaster General of the forces, Jointly, at one time, with Lord North, and at another time with f. Thomas Townflicnd, Esq ., v

He has no objection to the balances upon the joint accounts of Lord North and the late George Cooke, Esq. and of Mr. Thomas. Townshend and the late George Cooke, Esq. as late joint Paymasters of the forces, being paid into the Exchequer, upon receiving a quietus, or an indemnification equivalent thereto.

GEO. JOHN COOKE.

Guy Carletoft,

T. Angmjby ~ 1

Rich. Neave,

Sam,

Geo Drummond,

No.. 1 *.

The Examination r/ Charles Molloy; taken upon oath % the $d of

April, 1781.

THIS examinant faith, Tha£h£ is interested, together with his brother. Colonel George John Cooke, in the residue of the real and personal estatet of George Cooke, Esq. his latffTafhfcrr

He has no objection to the payment into the Exchequer of the two balances, the one upon the joiht account of Lord North and his late father, and the other upon the joint account of Mr. Thomas Townshend and his late father, as joint Paymasters of the forces, upon receiving a quietus, or an indemni fication equivalent thereto.

CHARLES MOLLOY.

Guy Carlehn,

T, Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond -

Odd a No. i$ - 4iG w -

jjW

PARLIAMENTARY

Np 3 *

A. j8. i.

u Gentlemen,

u AGREE ' ARLE to your pjece t, d ted tjhe 14th tyUreb, t; Si9 tfquir. ioe an account of the total furo received and paid by Robert Paris Taylor, E ( q. as Deputy Paym r/of the so to the ls te i, Qrd Hollwk to I hereby acquaint yo t. in the account podded as fallows;

Robert Paris Taylor, Deputy Paymaster in Germany, hie general account current with d e Right Honourable Lord Holland, Paymaster General, &c.

4t The sum total charged in the said account amounts to 9 8 9, 107 grs.

1 fts .; which being reduced into sterling, at the rate of grs. fts. to

the pound sterling, produces/ *. 913, 405. 6. 2 That &&•tqftttaf thadif *

charge part thereof amounts to grs. 9 ) 438, 595. 14 ftrs. 12 d .; which, reduced into sterling, at the above rile, jrtbduqes £, 878, 008. 18. if—And that the balance of the - said account is grs. 380, 511. 7 fts.. 4 di; which} seduced also into sterling, at the fame rate, ' produces /. j 5 396. 8. if.

il The furcftarges, amounting to /k 12, 052. 13. 1 of ’ for which the prosper vouchers have not been produced to the Auditor appear to be made s separate charge in Lord1 Holland’s final account, ending Midsummer, 1765, and are not included in the aforegoing total of ^. 913, 405. 6. 2JI

" Xhe first and last dates in the charge, are, April, 1759, and the 35th July, 1763.

I am. Gentlemen, with respect

Your most obedient humble servant,

Auditors Office, JOHN BRAY,

2 7 th March, 1781. Deputy to William Aiflabie, Efcp Auditot. "

The Commisscooci of ’ Public Accounts.

Total Charge Total Discharge Balance due by Robert

Holland’s Currency. Grs. D.

P « UTfyk rJ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Sterling.

9, 819, 107 2 — 913. 495, 6

1

9, 438. 595 H, i £ ' 878, 008 18 j *

7. 4,. £• 35. 39$, 8

Gf qfit9iW. - A. MMS. 6 4

Nch 24. At

A. i7 > x. DEBATES. 3 ? d

No. 14.

An Account of Hiqbalan. ee remaining in the hands of Henry Lord Holland, late Paymaster General of the forces, upon the 24th of June, 1765; and of the total sums received and paid by the fitid Lord Holland, or his repre - imitative ?, from the 24th of June, 176$, to the 24th of December, 176$, and for every year from, the said 24th of December to the 24th of December, 1786; - with the total of the balances remaining in his hands at the end

Balance June 24, 176 ' From June ajgto Dec. 24, 1765 i Sums received. 4 9 773 16 3 Sums paid ., 45 ^. 59© 15 — Balances. 97, 606 17 6 36, 816 18 9

B l 4ce Dec. 24, 1765 — Anno 176 — 4I7i > l8S 9 7 4 7 385 3 s 60, 789 18 9 199 14 10

alance Dec. 24, 7 6 — Anno 17671 — 240, 590 — 1 2 45. 839 3 0 460, 590 3 it 5. 249 3 9

Balance Dec. 24. 1767 — Anno 176a h — 74, 973 7 93. 35 ° 6 9 SSiW— 2 ' 78, 623 4 10

Balance Dec. 24, 17, 68. — Anno 1769 — 9 34 9 3 47, 670 10 2 5. 3, 964 5 — 37, 436 — 11

Balance Dec. 24, 1769 — Anno 1770 — 4. 978 7 5 64, 605 18 6 / 496, 528 4 I 43, 627 I I

Balance Dec. 24, 1770 Anno 1771 — 5, 402 16 *. 799 5 452, 901 3 — 3, 602 15 7

Balance Dec; 24, 1771 — Anno 177a —. 149 19 10 •25, 645 6 7 456, 503 18 7 2 5 > 493 6 9

Balance Dec. 24, 17, 72 — Anno 1773 — ' 34 * 5 3; 9 9 53 43t, oio 11. 16 577 10, —

Ba ncq Dee. 24, 1773 ~ — Anno 1774 r—. 5 6 1, 998 19 4 430. 433 ' * ° 1, 998 13 10

Balance Dee. 24, 1774, — ' _ Anno 177 " — 16. 467 — ' •1, 281 8 2 4 8, 434 8 — 5, 185 11 11

Balancd Dec. 24, 1775 — Aiino 1776 ~ — I mmmmm — 433, 619 9 11

Balance Dec. 24, 1776 Anno 1777 — 23, 212 16 — 5. 999 7 i 433, 61/19 /i 17, t3 8 7

Balance Dec. 24, 1777

Adno 177 - 8 ~j —— —

Balance Dec 24, 1778 — - - - —

Anno 1779 — 1, 166 —

Balance - Dec. 24, 17 7 9 ~ — *

Anno 789

3 ;

Balance Dec. jft *, #788 * 7 - Pav - OMcc if/orfe - CrUards.

10, 428 4 _ 2

| ? Bigifaed I

— — 4 &8 6

202, 123 10 9202, 123 10 9

- - - - - —. 4 W 79

» i 8i 4 5 3

- - - - - — 24 ^, 694 ' 4 —

*, 666 10 7, 761. 14

■ 000 Ip

IOHN

2 6, 456 8

I FuWELL.

39 ° PARLIAMENTARY 4, 1781 *

No. 15. ' '

An, Account of the balance remaining in the hand of the Right Honourable Charles Townshend, Paymaster General of the forces opot the 24th of June 1766; and of the total sums received and paid by tfid said Charha Townshend, or his representatives, f om the 24th of June 176b, totfce 24th of December, 1766, and for every year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December, 17805 with the total of the balance ! remaining in his hands at the end of each vear.

Balances. 196, 097 5 —

114, 068 19 4

\ Balance June 24, 1766 — From June 25 to Dec. 24, 1766 Sums received. Sums paid.

384, 640 9 7 499, 309 8 - n

Balance Dec. 24, 1766 — —

Anno 1767 — 439, 533 « 6 7 333 XP ° — 2

Balance Dec. 24, ' 1767 —, r -

x Anno 1768 — 60, 812 16 ' 6 247, 214 40

Balance Dec. 24, 1768 — ’ ——

Anno 1769 — 99, 203 2 3 64, 967 1 10

Balance Dec. 24, 1769 — - - - - r - —

Anno 1770 — — i, 44 7 —

Balance Dec, 24, 1770 — —

Anno 1771 — 4, 541 8 1— -

Balance Dec. 24, 1771 — ti - - - —

Anno 1772 — — 4, 000

Balance Dec. 24, 1772 —, — — — —

Anno 1773 — - — — VA GO O ' Hi - 2

Balance Dec. 24, 1773 —, u _ — —

Anno 1774 — — — 84 7 8

- Balance Dec. 24, 1774 — — — - — —

Anno 1775. — IOO — — 3416 1

Balance Dec. 24, 1775 — — — —

Anno 1776 — 164 — — 122 l6 8

Balance Dec. 24, 1776 - M - —

Anno 177. 7 — — —

Balance Dec ., 24, 1777 —. —

Anno 1778 — — — —

Balance Dec; 24, 1778 — > — — —

Anno 1779 — —— — — —

Balance Dec. 24, 1779 — — - — —

Anno 1780 — 2, 217 IQ 11 65 8 4

Balance bee. 24, 1780 —, ‘—— —

Balance as above

— 3 > 73 * S

Balances in the hands of sundry personss b 4

Amount of the public money in the nanas j

... iT j.. r. 1 - - - —r _ _ _ _

81, 428 C 8 106, 453 > 6 i.

187, 862 I 186, 4. 4 4

459 19 9

35, 236 — 3

35 ¥ > —

34, 230 3 4 S4 « 8

38, 791 5 10 4, 000 - - - ‘

3M, Si

i "

12

34 > J®4

®4 3 4 84 7 8

34, 120 5

6 Si "

34, 166 12 l *

34, l66 12 II

34, 166 12 < 1

34 2 6 1 fl 1, 563

S5 « ? 3 < zi 6

A. 1 - jSu DE B A T E S. " 39 *

' No. 16.

Ait Account of the balance remaining in the hands of the Right Honourable Lord North and George Cooke Esq. Paymaster General of the forces *

. upon the 24th of December, 1767; arid of the total sums received and paid by the said Lord North and George ' Cooke, Esq. or his representative, from the 24th of December, 1767, to the 14th of December, 176&, and - for every year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December, 1780; with the total of the balances remaining in their hands at the end of each vear.

Balances,

#4, 75 f3 « 6, 179 7 3

Balance Dec. 24, 1767 Anno 1768 — Sums received. 371, 102 2 « —

Balance Dec. 24, 1768 Anno 1769 — 111, 985 18 1

Balance Dec. 24, 1769 Anno 1770 — 74, 196 — 3

Balance Dec. 24, 1770 Anno 1771 — — —

Balance Dec. 24, 2771 Anno 2772 - r - —

Bilance Dec. 24, 1772. Anno 1773.. — I, 1 — -

Balance Dec. 24, 1773. Anno 1774 —r 35, 000 5 —

Balance Dec, 24, 1774 Anno 1777, — XI. -

Balance Dee. 24, 1773; Anno i77h‘ — JJiOOOO

Balance Dec 24, 1776 Anno 1777 V 22 2 8

Balance I ec. 24, 1777; Anno 1778 ;

Balance Dec. 24, 1778 Anno 1779 — 1 ' _ j oooo — —

Balance Dec. 24 1779 Anno 1780 ‘ — CO II 11

Balance Dec. 44, 1780 — —

Balance as above —►

Balance in the hands of fimdry persont —•

Amount of the public money in the hands, custody, or power, of the Right Hon. Lord - North, latePaymaster General of the forces.

Jointly with George Cooke, Esq, deceased *. 63, 77# i

Psy - Office % Mmcb, % 1, 178 uCHARLES BEMBR1DGE.

No. 17 *

394 PARLIAMENTARY. A. pSi.

Np. 17.

An Account of the balance remaining in the hands of George Cooke tad the Right Hon. Thomas Townshend, Paymaster General of the forces, open the 24th of June, 1768; and of the total fttms received and paid by the said George Cooke, or his representative, and the said Thomas Town ( bend, from the 24th of Jtrne, 1768, to the 24th of December, 1768, and for every year from the said 24th of December to the 24th of December, 1780; with the total of the balances remaining in their hands at the end of each

■ 1 Sums received. Sams paid. Balances.

Balance June 04, 1768 ] tr7, an if i

Ffomjune 2510Dec 24, 1768 : 101, 823 4 43 > 73, 677 ~ ' 7J ' 8ji ij 9

Balance Dec. 24, 1768 *,. ... —— - —— ' 43, 339 A

Anno 1769 171, 507 17 1 1 ' 55 909 " 4 15, 59# < 9

Balance Dec. 24, 1769 — —, 58, 95 16 5

Anno 1770 4, 807 2 10 50, 102 17 6 45 29S 4

Balance Dec. 24, 1770 _ - — 3, 663 f

Anno 1771 49 5 2 8, 059 10. 1 7 99 ° 4 "

Balance Dec. 24, 1771 —. —. 5, 672 tb so

: Anno 1772 - 1 — 4, 041 12 ' 3 4 ©4M 3

Balance Dec. 24, 177 ' - _ _. .. ... - — —— *, 63 4 7

Anno 1773 856 2 10 856 > 2 zo

Balance Dec. 24, 1773 - - i - — ——, 775 9

Anno 1774. " - so 50

Balance Dec. 14, 1774. ' —— 7 S 9

Anno 1775. — — - 46 46 — —

Balance Dec.. 04 1775. —— — — - 679 r 9

An o 1776 —— — — — —•"

Balance Dec. 24, 1776 ——. — —. * 79

- Anno 1777 —— —— *

Balance Dec. 24, 1777 — — — — ’ 679 I 9

Anno 1778 tl 1 1

Balance Dec. 24 1778 _ —— ., 679, 9.

Anno 1779 — - —a 11 — t 1J - T 1 -

laiajpce Dec. 34, 17 79.. _ — 679

/ - Anaot 1780— - * 8, 886 5 5 : % 3 5

Balance 4Jec. 24j 1780 I ~ ‘ 9, 5 5

Balance as above - r > 5 s 5 2 9 j. r ~t

Balances in the o f dry persons ’ 4 *

Amount of the public money ini the ha dfc, custody, or pfwer, of the Rtv Hon. Tho. y m 1 t '

Townshend, - late Paymaster j Generali oi f V

t > #the torqe$f jpintiy - wkh - George Cook 14 7

ftfqTd ceased ' VS

OJftce, March 31, 1781. CHARLES B MBKIDGEi

E. $.

m

vn, il § a T

No. 18.

Calculation of the Interesl at per cent, per annum, upon Annual Balances v in the Jfands of the late Vqymajlers General of the they federally

rejigned their Offices.

' ' ' Lord HdlFandVBalances,

c

Interest upon 460, 590, from 14 Dec. 176c to ' 24 pec Ditto 4 5, 341, from 24 Do. 1 760 to Do.

535, 964, from 24 Do. 1767 to 24. Do.

496, 528, from 24 Do. ’ 17 8 to 24 Do.

452, 901, from 24 Do. 1760 to 24 Do.

456, 503, from 24 Do. 1770 to 24 Do.

431, 010, from 24 Do. 1771 to 24 Do.

430. 433, from 24 Do. 1772 to 24 Do.

428. 434, from 24 Do. 1773 to 24 Do.. 1774 433, 619, Atom 24 Dd. 74 to 24 Do. 1775 43$, 61 9, from 24 bo. ’ 1775 to

24 Do. 3 ) 76

456, 833, from 24 $ ) o. 1776 to 24 Do. tjif 248 709, from 24 Do. 11777 to 24 Dp. 177 8 248, 694, from 24 Do. 1778 to 24 Do. 177

248, 694} from 24 Do. 17 to 24 Do. 71780

Ditto Ditto Dittd Ditto •Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

1766

ki

1768

7 9

1770

77 *

177a

77J

Annual IntereTf.

£• > A

18, 423, 12—

iS. iiiia—

% im ll -

14, 861 2 — 18, 116 f— 18, 266 " 2 — 17, 240 8— 17 1I7 6— 17 > 37 7—

v 4 #rr i m 6 -

9 > 9 6 7 - 9 947. 5 — 9. 947 1 —

48 594 3 —

intf rest upon 18, 862, from 24 Dec. 1766 to 24 Dec. 1767 7 04 9 —

. Ditto to 24 Do. 17. 68 56 7 —

Ditto 35, 696} fifowt 94©6/ 17ft to 24 Do. - 1769 ' 1, 427 16 — "Ditto " 34, 250, from 24 Do. 1769102400. 1770 1, 370— —

Ditto 38 79 } from 24 Do i77 ° to 24Do. 1771 1, 551 12 —

Ditto 34, 79 froJn 4 bo 1771 to 24 Do. 1772 1, 391 12—

t Ditto 34, 364, from 24 Do. 1772 to 24 Do. 1773 1, 368 3 —

Ditto 34, 120, from 24 Dq.. 1773 to 24 Do.. 1774 *, 6 6 —

' Ditto : < 34, tft5, frdm 2 ' VD6. j774 to 24Do. ' 1775 1 367 JUf *

5 Ditto - ' 4, 160, from 24 Do. 1775 to 24 ( Do. 1776 1, 3, 66 1

Total

, w, I rd di dilJJr 6oX *’s > &dajrcete

Interest upon frw 4Jwje > 1768 4 Dec. - 1768

Si1 - 0 « £ro. ® 4 Pec. £7 9

u Ditto ' 63, 775, from 24 Do. 1769 to 24 Do. 1770

Ditto HQ, hom m; 1 ? ip£o 24 2. > 771

Ditto

Vo ^. II, Eee Carried over

4 > 47 - A—

Zi&i ja « 4 -

7S — - - 3 > m

10911 13 « - *

394 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Annua ) Interest.

. & Brought over 109 n 13 — Interest upon 15, 921, from 4Pec. 177a to 24 Dec. 1773 636 16 -

Ditto 50, 921, from 24 Do. 177310 24 Do. 1774 2, 036 16 -

Ditto 15, 9 ? !, from 24 Do. 177410 24 Do. 1775 63616—

Ditto 50, 748, from ? 4Po. 1773 to 24 Do. 1776 ' 2 029 l8 —

Dittp 1 S > 77 ° > fr ° m 24 Do. 1776 to 24 Do. 1777 630 16 -

Ditto 15, 770, from 24 Do. 1777 to 24 Do. 1778 630 16 -

Ditto 15, 770, from 24 Do. 1778 to 24 Do. 17791 630 16 - r

Ditto 15 770, froqi 24 Da, 1779 to 24 Do. z7 ° 63016 —

Total 18, 775 3—

Mr Cooke and Mr Thomas Townshend’s Balances.

Interest upon 58, 958, from 24 Dec. 1768 to 24 Dec, 1769

Ditto 13 663, from 24 Do. 1769 to 24 Do. 1770

Ditto 5 67 *, from 24 Do,. 1770 to 24 Do, 1771

Ditto 1, 631, from 24 P ° 1771 to 24 Do. 1772

• Ditto 775, from 24 Do, 1772 to 24 Do. 1773

Ditto 725, from 24 Do. 1773 to 24 Do. 1774

Ditto 679, from 24 Do. 1774 to 24 Do. 1775

Ditto 079, from 24 Do. 1775 to 24 Do. 1776

Ditto 679, from 24 Do. 1776 to 24 P9 1777

Ditto 679, from 24 Do. 17 7 ta 24 Do. 1778 j

Ditto 679 fr ° m24 Dp. 1738 to 24D0/1779

Ditto $79, from 74 fto ? 1779 to 24 D ° - I 7 0

.. Total

2, 358 6 - 546 10— 226 17 — 65 4—

31 - - - - -

29 - - - - -

273~ 27 3 - 27 3 -

? 7 3~ 27 3 - 27 3 -

3 4t9 5 - *

Total of lute re d.

• - - - V rr

" % n the above calculation/no interest is reckoned upon the balance in the hinds of the pay matter during the Urft six months after be resigned his office; the balance remaining in his hands at the end of each year is the fumon which interest i$ cajl for ih£ foregoing twelve mpnths ., Interest for the year 1780 is reckoned only upon the balancepf the yea 1779 and not upon any money received by him duripg tho y % ar 1780.

No. 19.

An account of the Publick Money iJfueJ from the Receipt of the Exchequer to the following paymasters - gcueral of the forces y by way of imprefi.

.. from fa \ft of January, 17 56, to the 50th f, 1780.

Henry Fox, Esq. afterwards I ord Holland — 45 907, 6071. 16s. 4R

' Charles Townshend, Esq. ' — - - - 2 138, 5191. 4 d *

- Frederick Lord North ajid George Cooke, Esq. nr 1, 957, 5431. 141. 3jd# peorge Cooke and Thomas Towpfhmd/Iftjrs. — 570, 8131. us• -

— ' ' ' " ' ‘ ' Rfr#t *

ie

A - i7 ? i D $ B A f E Si J95

Report from lie Committeet whom tiepetition of John Toudttt Johtt

Irving, agents for the Britjh subjects ref ding in the provinces of Bestial Bahar, and Ortjfa, and their fevered names art

to the petition thereinafter set forth; the petition Warren Ha flings,

Esq Governor - General and of Philip Francis Edward Wheler, Counsellors for the government of the Prefdency of Fort, in Bengal;

and also the petition of the United Company of trading to the Eaf - Indies, nvere severally refer

' YOUR Committee having taken into confederation the above petitions of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and of the British inhabitants of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriBa, relative to the proceedings and claims of the Supreme Court of Judicature ( so far as those proceedings and claims are alledged to affect the ezercife of the powers of legal government, the peace and ( ecurity of the provinces, the administration of civil and criminal justice, the collection of the public revenues, and the institutions, customs, and prejudices of the native inhabitants as well as the fights and privileges of British subject redding in that part of India. )

And, in ordet to collect, and lay before the House, a body of facts, which might serve as a foundation for such provision as the wisdom of Parliament may fee fit to make, towards the future tranquility and welfare of these provinces, in every p6int of view ' so important to this kingdom, your Committee have read ' a number of papers transmitted from India to the Court of Directors, and to the office of Secretary of State for the southern department; and have also carefully examined several witness, competent to afford full information on all the objects of ihquiry which your Committee have been empowered to bring under their view.

On these witnesses your Committee think it proper to observe, that although they are all persons minutely conversant in the affairs of Bengal, yet jfome of them appear to be, directly or indirectly, concerned in several of the transitions which have brought on the late disputes. Some also who are to return to India, though not themselves parties, may become, on account of evidence, obnoxious to those who are engaged in the present contentions, ahft who ( till remain there in different descriptions of power. Others too have Hood, and ( if any prejudice does arise from the relative situatiofts of men in authority in that country ) may again ( land, in situat ons which may possibly render them as much prejudiced, as any of the present parties, against the ’ powers claimed and exercised by the Supreme Court. '

' These observations, with regard to the evidence, you Committee held it theit duty to fugged; but the Committee did hot think theitiselves justified in rejecting any testimony, on account of circutnftance which seem unavoidable in so narrow a society a that formed by the natives of Great - Britain resident in Bengal; nor in vtfthholding from the House on their own opinion, nny matter of information derived from the only source from whence the necessary information can be drawn.

A, difficulty nearly of the fame nature occurred, with regard to the written evidence; a great part of the papers transmitted not having been previously communicated fd each other by the contending parties. —The advantage therefore, ti bd derived from their reciprocal corrections and explanations, from their denials of unproved, and their supplements of dqfe&ve, fk£U, j c 4herebritievitably loft to the Committee, and to the House *

Be ex It

PARLl A N TArV

A. 1781 ;

' It appfcark expedient klfo, tb state to the House, that no agent bath been appointed, or did attend the Committee, on the part of the Supreme Court of Judicature. No verbal evidence for thdm was poi nted out to your Committee, Accept a fuggetfiod, that they ririfticd Mr, Harwell, late pne of the Council General to be ex4m\ried 2 ana him jour Comhiittee did examine accordingly. For the rest, the whose 01 the matter alfedged in favour of their claims, or in jftlftiftcation of the proceedings of that Court, is contained in the letters of the Judges to the Court of Directorsj in their tetters to the Secretaries of State, add rn their afgumehVs ( as they are Vaken ) m giving judgment on sundry cases tried before ' them ., ' *, ’

But, id the mid ft 6f these difficulties, your Committee have the satisf &ion ( 6 find, that no controversy exists concerning the leading facts which have iiven Vise so the dispute. The principal difference between the parties, con - Sfting in the motives assignea for the acts itfutually complained of, and the tendency bf thbfe kdifs to the public benefit or prejudice. And it is remarkable, that an unusual degree of consistency or uniformity prevails in the evidence delivered by so many persons, on the customs, manners, and dispoiitions of the natives of India : and your Committee conceive, that this body of evidence, together with the other materials contained ip this report, will fully enable the Houseto determine on the fitnefsor unfitness ' of the application of the llw of England to the government of that people, or in deciding on the extent of, the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, for the purpose of super - feding or controlling, or making it supplemental to the country courts which how act in Bengal, according to the forms, ' and oh the principles long preva - leritlri that part of India, which are totally different Vrom, and in many re - ipe&s repugnant to, the laws and usages of this kingdom.

Your Committee applied themselves in examining the matter of the petition referred to them, to the general admiriistration, ‘ift, of civil justice; xdiy, of criminal justide; 3dly, of justice in revenue matters, or thofb •which arose frorriobligations contracted on account of revenue. This gener jral enquiry has naturally taken in the descriptions of people, as weft as the quality of the causes, which became objects of the disputed jurisdiction of the Supreme Court,

But as the principles which regulated the atjmjnistration of justice under lliefe several heads, are to be fohnd in certain causes of importance, litigated In the Supreme Court, arid are heft elucidated by them, your Committtee. thought it theif duty. to report particiftarly the fatts which have appeared in the agitation of" these causes; flaring the others in a more summary. manner, ' and solely to afford to the Houft a view of the extent and operation of the principles laid down in the leading causes j they therefore d ’ n eded their principal attention to the Patna cause, the Dacca caqfe, the Coffijgrab cause, and the effefls of the execution of the Rajah Nundcomar, on a crimipal charge, "prosecuted to conviction aridlenience un < k r the statute law. of England.

Your Committee, find, that the differences between the j udges of the Supreme Court and the Governor General arid Council, which have lately proven out into an open, arid avowed. ltfiftauce. by a military power, to the process of the ' law, began very early after the arrival of the Judges at Cal cutta; and that, after having proposed, without effect, various arrangements nVorigft themselves for settling the matters iri dfljputc, the Oovernbr 6eoe -. ' ' ' ' "nil

A. 1781. rD E B A T E

Vrii and Council made, in the course of their corrfefpbndence, Various repre fbntations against the proceedings of the Judges of the Supreme Court, and the principles laid down by them relative to the extent and objc&s ' of theif juriscii&ion; and Hated, in a very strong manner, the effect which they apprehended would result from their perseverance in such proceedings and principles. ' t

Your Committee find, That the Directors of the EaH - Indtsr Company, iii cdnsequence of the said representations, on the 19th of November 777/ferir a letter to Lord WiymOttth, Secretary of State, for the footherd afcparcrnelit. In this letter they Hate, I \ ' f

■ Fit ft, That fhfe Court has extended its jurisai&ion to perfbhs t Kom it doest lidt appear to have been the intention of the King, or Parliament to Ihbiiiit t < its jurisdiction.

Secondly, That it has taken cognizance of matters, Wh Originally, an& pending the suit, the exclusive cognizance of which, they Humbly conceive it t6 have been ilie1 intention of the King and Parliament to leave to other, courts.

Thirdly, Thktlt has claimed a right of demanding evidence, a fid of in - spe fingfecords, which they conceive it had rid right to dertlarid dr in ( pe t *

Fourthly, That the Judges consider the criminal law of England as ih for e, ' and binding, upofi the natives of Bengal, though utterly repugnant to the l&ws arid cuHotrifcHy which they have formerly been governed.

£Jnder each of these heads, the Directors of the EaH - India Company have llated a Variety of facts, and have added arguments with respect to the confe - querices likely to result from the jurisdiction adorned arid exercised by the Supreme Court of Judicature.

This letter, containing a Turn maVy of all the principal matters dlfpu ' tedor complained of in the administration of juHice, from the arrival of the Judges in India to the beginning of the year 1777, your Committee beg leave particularly to refer the House to a copy thereof *. 1

Tout

. The following is an authentic copy of the above - mentioned letter.

To the Right Honourable the Lord ViJ ' countWeymouth, one of his principal

Secretaries of

My Lord,

. IT is not without reluctance, $hat we trouble your Lordship a second time, on the subject of the several letters and papers addressed to us, either by the governor general and council, or by the judges of the supreme court of judicature in _ Bengal j of these we have lately rransmitted copies to your lordship : and the, necessity we feel of giving precise infiru&ioris to the governor general and council, - as well for their own conduct, as for that of the subordinate settlements, and bur earnefi desire to conform ourselves in these infiructions, to what his Majesty in His wifiiom shall see fit, compel us to Upply again to your lordship on this subject.

. In the papers to which we refer your lordship, it is Hafed, that the \irifdi£lion exercised by the supreme court of judicature established by his Majesty’s letters patent at Bengal, has involved the servants of the company, and officers of the, revenue a&ineun&er their authority, in circumfiaiices Of difficulty arid ‘difitcfs. c That

393 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Your Committee then proceeded to the cause of Nadarah Begum, against Behadar Beg, Cauzee Sadhee, Mustee Bara&ooUh, and Mustee Guilauiu Mucdoom, generally known by the name of " The Patna cause. "

This

That the exercise of this jurisdiction must inevitably tend to render the collection of the company’s revenues impracticable; to abridge the power of the supreme council and subordinate factories, and thereby to prevent the carrying of any useful plan into execution for settling the country, and for estabRshing the government thereof on a solid and permanent foundation.

That another consequence to be feared from the exercise of tlfis jurisdiction, is rile alienation of the minds of the natives; who cannot, without great concern, fee a body of laws introduced which clalh with their constitutional peculiarities, and with their religions sentiments and prejudices; and who mud feel the mod feniible alarms on finding themselves exposed to have their persons seized, and their laws of property changed, by the orders of a court to whose jurisdiction they were strangers.

Nor can we suppose, that these fears and apprehensions will appear to your lordship to be without foundation, when in the annexed papers you observe it tp he dated,

I. That the court has extended its jurisdiction to persons whom it does not appear to have been the intention of the King or of Parliament, to submit to its jurisdiction.

II. That it has taken cognizance of matters, both originally and pending the suit, the exclusive cognizance of which we humbly conceive it to have been the intention of the King and Parliament to leave to other courts. t

III. That it has claimed a right of demanding evidence, and of inspecting records, which we conceive it had no right to demand or inspect.

Under the first head, your lordship will observe it is stated,

That writs have been issued by the supreme court into all parts of the provinces, for bringing up Zemindars, farmers, and other natives, proprietors of lands, to the court of Calcutta, at the suit, and to answer to complaints, of natives.

. That by such a writ, among others, Rajah Cheyton Sing, Zemindar of Bif - fenpore, a native of high rank and consideration, neither directly nor jndirectly a servant of the company, was ordered to be brought before the supreme court at Calcutta. '

That the committee of Burdwan having, out of regard as well to the rank of this, Rajah, as to the interests of the company ( to whom he flood considerably indebted as a renter ) offered bail for his appearance within the spacp of twenty days—That bail was accepted by the sheriff, but some of the proceedings not having been made within the time required by the rules of the court ( which frulcs, it is conceived, a person not subject to its jurisdiction, is not bound to know ) an officer of the court was dispatched with a second peremptory order not to accept bail, but to bring the Rajah before the court for contempt.

That the said Rajah, having been brought to Fort William by a capias, waa then arrested as an inhabitant of Calcutta, confined for a considerable time in the common gaol, and said to be subject to the jurisdiction of the court, holding cm employment under the company, and for receiving a certain salary by the year, or v otherwise *

) /by i

Am 1781. DEBATES, 399

Thiscause appears, both - in some of the collateral points determined in it, and in its general principle and final issue, to have involved confluences

« very

otherwise; though, in fa&, he only receives, as a principal Zemindar, a portion of the rents of his own lands, under the title of an allowance or pension from the company, whose representatives, in their character of Dewap, have thought fit to transfer the management of those lands to other persons.

That the whole proceedings against him, appear to our servants at Fort Wil Ham replete with irregularity and injustice; and to be so much the more alarm ing, ps almost all the Zemindars of the country, ( landing in the fame predica - ment, would feel themselves exposed to the fame dangers. It is further dated that before it can be determined, whether the single circumdance of natives of Bengal, receiving a small portion of their own estates for tfieir subsidence, con ilitutes an employment under the Dewan, so as to subject them to the legal ju rifdiction of the court, "the parties are directo fuffet every di ft refs and oppref fion with which the attornies of the court can easily contrive to harrass and inti midate theraf ’ to all which they mud submit, as well as finally so the jurisdicttoa of the court, unless they are advised to plead to that jurisdiction, and are able to prove a negative; that is, unless a native of Bengal be able, from an act of Parliament which the governor general and council have declared liable to different constructions, to prove himself not futjto the jurisdiction of the supreme court.

That a like writ was issued to bring Biflember, another native, a fanner of a part of the didri&s called Khas Talooks, to answer before the court in a plea ., of of trespass set up against him by Brigo Kifhow, Malzamin of Azeem Gunge, like wife a native.

That a like writ was issued to bring Sibnarain, the Zemindar, and Ramfunker Bufioy, Naib of Pergunnah of Chunder Deep, to answer in a plea of debt to Oodul San, formerly Naib of the fame Pergunnah.

That like writs have been issued for arredingj&r debt, to persons, servants of the Nizamut, who had never been in the employ either of the company or of any British subject *

That on a prosecution for debt, a warrant was likewise issued to apprehend Annunckrain Roy, Zemindsfr of the seven Anna Division of Tumlook, who is / farmer of ’ his own lands, collets the revenues merely as farmer, and not as an officer of the company, or of the country government.

That another native, named Ramconto B&booby who was in confinement in the Cutcherry, to answer two decrees of the Dewanpee Adawlut, was seized by a Sheriff ' s officer while under charge of an escort of the officers of the said Cut cherry, where he had been to adjudhis accounts respecting arrears of revenue for. which he was security.

That petitions have also been presented to the governor, general and council from five principal Zemindgrs, complaining of warrants having been issued from die supreme court, and of the prejudice arising from the abuse of the authority veded in the persons sent to execute those writs.

That the committee of revenue at Calcutta have represented to the governor general and council, that the arzees, or petitions, of the said Zemindars, fp#ak so clearly for themselves, that they need little comment; but the committee how -

eve *

L.

400 P A R. M. AJM £ ! iT. A $ Y 1781.

very important to thehappiness of the native inhabitants, and to the interesta of the Company; insomuch, that the Governor General and Council were ' unanimously

ever observe, that the peons, or officers sent by the supreme court to the Zemindar of seven Annas Tumlook, had ailed in a most unjustifiable manner, not only in prohibiting his noomen from ' fire and water, but particularly in entering their. Apartments, which till that time had, by all governments, been held sacred; and they express their hope, that such unwarrantable behaviour will be noticed by the governor general and council in the manner it deserves : as such alts of violence, and such violation of the Hindoo laws, must not only disgrace us as a national body with the natives, but likenvife breed a disgust in their, that may

tend to the mofi serious consequences, not to mention the inevitable loss occasioned * 0 the revenue, which they have reason to think will be great, from the heavy balances remaining to be collclfed : and they further observe, that by the servants of government being feiacd and confined in gaol, and the confusion occasioned thereby in the Mofuffcl, they have the most melancholy prospect before them.

That though they have frequently troubled the governor general and council On subjects of this nature, they beg leave to repeat, that from da#y experience \hey find the authority with which they are invested, abfdutelyj or very nearly annihilated - - - That their black servants fear to do their duty, and that they know not how to compel them, for the reasons abovementioned that from despair of bring able to conduct the business of their department, either to their own credit, or to the satisfaction of the governor general and council, they ate hlmost tempted to request permiiffion to resign their several employments in the hfcVenue branch; but as they consider such a step might subject them to the cen - lure of - dderting the interests of the company, at a time when the most strenuous services are required, they determine to persevere in the best manner they are bWe in their endeavours for their service, relying at thefametime on their justice, - not to hold. them responsible for that success in their affairs, which they have it, not in their power to insure.

Your Lordship will permit us - to observe, that the ' petitioners abovementioned IfteHarethey are the King’s ( meaning the Mogul’s ) Zemindars; that they are neither in the service of the company, nor of any English gentleman; that having Tiad no practice in English courts, they can form no idea thereof; that they arc \equlred to give Pottah ) or leafcholders in Calcutta, for Securities which they Cannot expect to obtain; that therefore they are distr ’ effect beyond measuro; nnd r. equest, any jnan have any just claim Upon them, that hie maybe obliged to r&ri ' it hither in the rKhaIfa, which is the revenue ’ office, or in the Adkwlut, Stfhich. is the Dewaryiee courtcrf judicature; but that they arc terrified at the "ifcougfitfe Of the fdprenie coqrt.

That ' When they attend at Calcutta ’ ' for the - purpose of paying the government ' s yevenue, f warrants are issued against them by the Supreme court, in consequenceof •old bonds. produced, which have been executedby their fathers and grandfathers; and that by. the said warrants they are put infear of their lives.

That a ' likerepresentationhas been received from the Zemindar ofCherruleah and Muddoliahj setting forth, that his deputy had been apprehended by warrants froiji the supreme court, and conveyedto Calcutta. And the Zemindar of ‘JCh$rrukah and - Muddpliahhas affu ed e provincial council, thathii ffyib or de *

i. .. .. - - 1 ' - - ' ’ ' " r ntV

Artist1 y ' tf ' E ' S I t ' e s,. .. 401

’ / ' I ' i.. ‘1 V, ‘ i - '

unaaimoufljr or opinion, that the 9afu. tr 9 Bell as the importance of the salt tendered it incumbent on them, on the part of the Company, to undertake

its

pmy ' nearer wa ? employed in the service of any British subjetft, and the Naibdf Clwim JerD ep ahovementionefd ) had just before, at the fuk of Ond up - £den, made affidavit to that effect before. the chief of the said council, ' under a comm if C n. iiTucd by the, iiipxeine court of judicature forthat purpOfe.

_ An44h /h drifPuacii further roprffent, that the members of administration are uaabie ai y. cautionary nveafuros till the warrants of the fapreme court has

operated fihe subsequent difmilTit > n of the salt, in cases. where the procels. is flopped by defendant ' s affidavit, that he never was employed in the fervioe of ny Brit Qi jub}e$ : r affords np reparation for the detriment sustained in the inte rinvhy gpvexnpvfnt, pwing to the extreme difficulty of recovering balances from the, i ferior Jandholders whejj though the proper sea ' son of payment is elapsed. '

Xhat ' ad kioff ' has likewise been presentediby the Ramjoy Sing, a native of

i dWjjap ' Naib. ofr ' Noproolapore, dating, that a warrant has issued against him rcupn the ftiiprowe Spurt, though he declared he is not nor ever ivas in the fervioe q ( the Eng ff *; a$d offers to, make affidavits that he ' is not amenable to the said Court, j r; ^..

. In all ©fe. instances we;. hfcmldy conceive, that the persons over whom the ppirthiaa. extended its jurisdictiop, dp not fall within any of the daffies of persons over, whqm i ifdi iion is given 60 the court, either by the act of parliament, o$ by. Jus charter of justice.

. ftoth in ftheiaft - and in the charter, thre and three daffies of Persons are deferib j vef. - whom jurisdiction is given to the court.

1 ft, J5rf /ji/ /y4/ < 4 ? residing in the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and of the company.

1 adly Pfffocp employed directly or indirectly in the service of the company, or any of his ajc y -’s fabjects. ... -

. ) 3dly,. nb nTs of India, entering into written contracts with any of his Majesty - in fachcontrads, that, in case of dispute, the

matJter. fh i behegrd and determined in the supreme court. *

4 f4ftipvviH perceive, that in the instances above recited, the persons ovpr; \iihon ( jh4; t court affirmed jurisdiction, do not fall within either of these classes - they. are pt British fabje&S. It if - not pretended, that in any written contrail with British fabjects, they had made the fiipulation necessary to bring jurisdictio % of the; court; nor, as we conceive, could they be lfti ag tetWtffqyjdby, or to be in the service, of, the company, or of British fab *

. PexjfcrnKcmployed as fervahts, perform services, and receive a stipend for tbfofeservices, farmers perform no services, receive no stipend, they only con# ? sy fftftCxfcWfrtyiia cxcfcangpfor another property.

yfcrur lordffiip ' s wisdom, whether the bare dr# cumstances of receiving an annual or other stated payment, can of itself, in all cases, be sufficient to bring persons otherwise exempted, within : the ’ jurisdldioif of the court. > ' / f '

• Geo. III. Chap. 63. Sect. 14, 16. V

f Letters Patent, establishing the Supreme Court of Judicature at art Williaril ini Beq flfff < t4 « PGeo. III. Fol. 10, 11,

V09. II. F f f The

Ff f

432 P A R L I AM p NT ARY A. 1781.

its defence; and a majority of that Board were afterwards induced, by the fame - con liderat tofts; to extend still further their protection to the defendants.

' 4. - - *,. .. .. .. .. - ' The

The second head of complaint which occurs in the annexed papers, is, that the supreme court of judicature has taken cognisance of matters, both originally and pending the suit, the exclusive cognizance of Which, we conceive ' it to haW been the intention of the King, and of Parliament, to leave to other courts.

And here your lord ship will allow us toobserve, it is in the governor and council that the act for the better management of the affairs of the company, has vetted, in express terms, " the ordering, management, and government of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bah&r, and Orif - fe, in like manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as the fame then ( tt thepaffing of the act ) were, or at any time theretofore might have been exerci - fed by the president and council, or ( cleft committee, in the said kingdoms. " By these words, we ' humbly conceive it to have been the intention of the legislature, to rest in the Dewannee courts and provincial councils; subject only to the controul of the governor general and council established by this act, the exclusive jurirfdiclion, in all causes which merely concern the revenue, in the same manner as before the passing this act the fame had been vested in the Dewannee courts os provincial councils; iubjcft ' only to the controul of the ancient president and council. And this idea wc conceive to be the better founded, because, where it was the intent on of his Majesty, or the Parliament, to convey the whole of the ju rifdiction of any ancient court to the new court of judicature, the ancient court is declared to be abolished; and it is expressly commanded, that the records, muniments, and proceedings thereof, be deposited in the custody of the hew couit. f Where it was intended to give the new court any participation in, or controul over, an ancient court, such participation and controul is given in exgress words, We cannot therefore but conclude, that if it had beeil the intention of the - King, or of Parliament, to transfer the jurisdiction of the company, as Dewanof Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa ( which jurisdiction is exercised either by thfc Dewaiinee courts, or by the respective councils of the several presidencies ) to this new court} •chad it been, the intention of the King, or of Parliament, to give to this court a participation in, or controul over the others, there would have been clauses containing specific provisions for that purpose; whereas, neither the act nor the charter have, in this respect, made any alteration in the rights of the company, 1 or in the powers heretofore exercised by - their representatives in matters of revenue. ' '

r. Yot your lordship will observe it dated, that one of the judge *; § in a charge to she grand jury, asserts, " that a very erroneous opinion has been formed by the governor general and council, distinguishing the ( ituation of thelfed India Company, its Dewan, from the ' common condition of a trading company '. That he makes no scruple of avowing a - decided; opinion, that no true distinctioc can be pnade in reason, in law, orrii just ice, between the East India Company as •trading

i. j - jth Ge >. III. Cap. 63. Sep. 7,. .. .. .. .; -. -

■ f As in the Cafe of the Mayor ' s Court, 13 ©eo. III. C. 63. Sect. 19, 20. j As ’ in the Cafes of Courts of Request, and Court of Quarter Sessionsr—See Charter,

folio 2$.

Mr. JustjcjI Maiftre.

: company

i

A 17S1. DEB A T - E Sv

The cause hpipg thus at traced great public nptice, and been mad© the; subje < 5t of Various and of repeated discussion, the p/oceedings fwelLd to a

great

,. .. ..

company, and the East India Company as Dewan of thefie. provinces. " Withrfei *; fp©6i to the management of the territorial revenues, your lordship will observe it. flared, tfiat the fame judge, on the fatne. occasion, declares, that the only true interpretation of the act of Parliament is, that the management, and government" ? attributed by the a&to the council, are not exclusive, but subject to the jurisdic - > tion of the Ring’s court ( meaning the supreme court of judicature in Bengal ’ and that it will be equally penal in the company, or in : those ailing under - them, to difbhcy the orders and mandatory process of the court, in matters merely

concern the revenues y as in any other matter or thing whatsoever. "

And your lordship will perceive, that in this charge, Mr. Justice Le Maiilre. does not deliver his own single opinion, but speaks the language of the bench;. a language confirmed and supported by the frequent claim and exercise of a fii *. premc controlling jurisdiction, in matterywhich merely concern the revenues In. the perusal of the annexed papers, instances will occur to your lordship, where this jurisdiction has been actually exercised by the court; others,. where, though not actually exercised by the court, it has been held out interrorem by the officers. of the coyrt, and > so far as. it appears; from these papery without any mark bf disapprobacion on the part of the court; - for there your lordship will hnd. it ! Hated,

That Bancaram Roy, a Gentoo, confined by order of the Dcwannee. Adaw -. let jit Moorfhedabad, was brought up by a writ of habeas corpus, directed to the keeper of the gaol of the Adawlet, and discharged by order of the supreme ' court .,.

That Hurry Ri ( hen Tagore, of Calcutta, and farmer of the pergunnah of ' Aurfah, in the province of Burdwan, having underlet a part of the pergunnah totally Fcrfaud Bole, and Ramperfaud Bole; and the said under - tenants being ' considerably in arrears to the farmer, he applied, in the usual for for relief, to the couocil of revenue at Burdwau; where and where only, by the practice of the country, and by the faith of government, he had a right to be relieved. That on this application, the usual orders were issued for the immediate payment of the sum, or for the appearance of the defendants at Bordwan, to shew cattle why they ought not to be coropclled - to pay. That on the receipt of these orders, the defendants proroifed to make good their payment; but after various ' delays andevafions, they signified, by their attorney, to the plaintiff, that they, the defendants, were amenable to the supreme court alone, and would commence i prosecution against the plaintiff for the demand made on them, in the ' revenue - council of Burdwan. 1 -

That in the case of Nunny Hurry Byf apk, against Ramnaut Mundell, farmer of the Colly Colly Gunge, ah attorney of the supreme court sent a > formal notice to Ramnaut Muhdel ], that he should institute a suit in that court for the recovery of a sum of upwards of 37, Qpo rupees, which the plaintiff pretended to be due to him from the defendant, for monies had and received on, account of the farm, and xyhich therefore was, we conceive, to be sued for and recoverable only before the council of revenue.

That a general - opinion seemed to prevail among the pykars, or salt brokers, that they should be supported by the supreme court, in their refusal to have their

Fffa salt

404 P A R LI A M E NT A R, T A. 781 *

gtfcjrt bulk, and the materials before the Committee have been f $ry yolmni - mius; to the whole of Which they have, # however, ibliniTit ' beccliiry to re -.

1 1 u : ' fort

salt weighed at the times and in the manner prescribed by the ' governor general and council; an opinion in Which they are confirmed by the aitoIrmeS, of the court. - > ' y

That Gomau nl Dean, farmer of Hidgelee, having been committed to grifbtt by the; provincial council of revenue of Calcutta, for a debt due from him to the company, amounting to one hundred and1 thirty - one thoiifond rupees, applied1 to t\t fudges for a writ of habeas fcorpiis, which writ was, immediately granted. That though the return to this writ dated the rights of the company, as Dr wan, and the power of the provincial, council to " fefze, imprison, and in prison to detain and keep, the person or per fobs inrdebred and in arrears, til ] he or they &alV have paidoV satisfiad the rents and revenues so due and in arrears, " ypt, because the return didftdt ft ate jn technical terms, which it had stated in IhMance, namely at power ln > the provincial council to commit without ' Mainfrize, die. re -

turn war declared - inftUficient, and theprefideiit of the1 Caltuti£ committee was ordtntd to accept of barlij with an intimation, that ( Jomaul iil pieeft‘IhquldL/riof be again taken into cttstody, till, his under - renrcr should hay ’ e been called ' upon £6 pay the rents, and proved irifol vent. '

’ That the governor general and council1, in their, revenue departnWnlt, hiYiijjr httartt - the report of the proceedings in this cattfe *, ' and having ' ascerfoin ' ed beyoricf a doubt, by the most careful examination of competent witness, that Comau ^. ut Been was the principal farmer, was indeed the ’ only perfort Ifod act,. Specific, engagement with the - company; that Buflunt Roy, to wht it W prfee&de ComauL ul pedn had transferred the farm, with tbd approbation of the pfOvinciaT council, had never been admitted as a tenant, nor ever been. cjnfidered by. jthe ' council ' in any Otherelight thifen as the agent of Coinaui ul Peen. T$nS Lyingr further learnt, from1 the Examination of persons {killed in the laws ' anijlj CUstoms of the Bewannee Adawlets, and who supported theit opinions b/ any1 precedents fully appoint; that it wa8‘the - oftenfjble former, he Who ' had entd ecf in£o specific engagements Withthe government, from whom all arrears flidujd in the i&rft in - ( tencebe recovered, gave orders ta the committee of revenue of ' Calcutta to pro -, 5 ceed against Comaul ’ ul ' Deen in the usual manner.

That in conference of these orders j the provincial council of alcjitta. did, as - itwas usual to duiri such chafes, a fecbnd time tak Comaul lil peen into custody giving him at the same time this mark of distin&ion; that he was confined, not in the common goal, but in the cutcherfy; ’ f

That Comaul ul Deen applied to the court for a second Writ of habeas corpus which he obtained} and in consequence of that writ, ’ was discharged fro. in the custody of the Dewannee Adawlct. That, not content with. releasing ComauLuf Been, the court ' proceeded to cenfu ' re itfr. Cottrell, president of the corpmittee of Calcutta; and that a writ was iflhed against him, < ? ortimanding him to appear and answer, for a supposed contempt of the court; when, inah ' his contempt confided in the imputed1 breach of a promise which it appears he never made, nor was empowered to make, and in his having carried into execution the < t < tars - af the provincial council of Calcutta, the board at which he presided, and ! prhich orders it was his duty to carry into execution.

. That

A, i ? 8l

DERATES.

4PS

fort with diligence, in oii ejr to; accomplifU what th. ey have aimed at in thei report" of this paui ' e; wKch is to lay before the House such an abstrafl of the, case

Mi ?. Cottrell haviq§ attended the Cupreme court in obedience to their writ, no enquiry was made into the charge, no evidence examined to support or ., disproyeiu por in ' ljjort no notice w hatever taken of the supposed o ( fence.

T/fot in consequence of this interference of the fijpremc court, Comaul ut Efe ? n ordered Cuitsto be instituted against the members of the committee of revenue at Calcutta, for trespa&aud false imprisonment. And although we are by, ! ate : advice. s informed, that judgment has been given for the defendants; yet we have hc mortification to find, that the balance due in July 1776, from Comanl ul Dufep to tjic company ^, \ya$ fjcca rupees 113, 130, besides a quautity. of salt, to the value of rupees.. ? 24, 000, amounting together to a linn exceeding 3. 9, 000 !. sterling,. of which, a waxy, froaU part has been received j and concerning which ( ana alltranother balance of 7 7, 000 rupees, owed to the company from the farms of B rjd hutt and HattiafgurJ the committee of revenue report, tshat they fee nb reason to doubt - but they would have been recovered, had not the committee been arrested iff their operations fy the interference of an higher to

which t ie - \y je objigpd tacitly and implicitly to submit—That they were com pefrei - byj peceittty and duty to hate the above transactions to the governor general, aiayd coyn. cih an&even to repeat their representations, because the recovery of the demands of government become daily more and" more precarious —That it was wi f, t{teti aft. concern, they fa \v f© - large apart of the company’s property in ijjcha1 but ' that having declared their apprehensions of the consequen -

ces7 tHey hoped a proper allowance would be made for the difficulties of their #3pqn, apd th$t th$y JkoylfL not be held responsible for tosses which it was not in their

pqnver t pr enh t

' Tbwt mree ppt Hp orgfahtp, made by government to Goddahur Barber, Sam, X opai aQ Cttjeraija. Barber, natives of India, for a small quantity of land it Cmcutta, appear to have been set alide. by the supreme court of judicature ajad, the lafrdj decreed to Ramcunt. ' Paul, another native of India *

h. a. t in the case of Joseph. Pave fey, an Italian, whom the chief at Patna fei - on a Complaint from the Amuldar of Hadjepore, the power of seizing. un li nfed British subjects, and tb, e power of expelling foreigners who clandestinely eptey the country,; and commit acts of violence and outrage j though the 017c be delegated by parliament,. and the other inherent in every government, were not expressly denied, b; ut rendered doubtful by a declaration delivered from the bench.

: the perusal of these facts, your lord flap will not be icd to learn,

tH fi some in ( lances the operation of the Dewannee courts is suspended jo.

others, the courts abolished j and that the governor general and council are di£ - ' opuraged from taking cognizance of appeals from the country courts, under tho apprehension that their jurisdiction may be disputed, and their decrees annulled, by the supreme court. No will your Iprdffiip be ied to 6nd it so often repeated by the members of our council at Bengal, that by this interference of the judges, in matters ? where they conceive it not to have been the intention of the legHUture that they should interfere by their taking. to themselves the cogpU Miqceof makers, $he excljufive. cognisance of which, as they conceive is left to ' ' / otlu *

406 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

/.

case as may enable them to understand clearly, and to form a judgment on such points arising out of it, as may be thought material for its consideration

without,

other courts, the company’s office of Dewan is in efleft annihilated, and the f country government in - that respect totally subverted.

Under the third head of complaint, stated in the annexed papers, nathcly, the claim made by the court, of demanding evidence and inspecting records, which it is conceived they had no right to demand or inspect, your lordship will observe. That in anaction brought by Mr. Stuart against Mr. Auriol, for the recovery of 1800 rupees, begin the amount of one month’s salary annexed to the office of secretary 9f the council, the plaintiffs attorney addressed a letter to Mr. Bry -. ere, assistant secretary of the board, requiring him to produce in court the fm - " lowing records or the board, viz.

ift. A general krter, dared fame t ' tfne in the year 1770, from the then president and council at Calcutta, to the court of directors in England.

2d. A general letter of the 10th of April, 1771, from the court ’ f director to the president and council at Calcutta. (

3d. The proceedings in council of the 26th September, 1772.

4th. The instructions sent out by the court of directors, to the governor general and council, in pursuance of the act of the 13th of his present Majesty# ‘

5th. The consultations of the governor general and council of the 2ill and 24th of August, then last past.

That Mr. Bruere having communicated this letter to the board, the requifi - t\on contained in it appeared to them so extraordinary and unprecedented, that it was resolved, by a majority of the board, not to comply therewith.

That in consequence of this refusal, Mr. Bruere was served with a fubpaena duces tecum, and having attended the court without the papers, he was ' told, that by not producing the papers he had brought all the damages of the suit upon bim - self : and having answered, that he could not produce in court the records ' of council, without the express orders of the board, and that the boatd being acquainted with requisition of the plaintiff’s attorney, had ordered him not to produce the papers demanded; he was required by the court to declare whether all the members of the board had been unanimous in giving the order not ' to jflrqduce the papers, and if not, which of the members had voted for, and which against the producing of the papers; and it being objected by the counsel for the3 defendant, that Mr. Bruere could not answer these questions, without a his trujly as secretary to the board, the court infilled on his giving positive. % n - fwers thereto, and divulging, in open courty the separate opinions of the fevdtfcl members of the board; aligning as a reason for this order, ' that the withholding of the papers was a direct denial of justice, and that as the board iuai &r - ' Poration, the individual members who had concurred in the refusal. Were each of ' themseverally liable to aBionsfor such refusal. ‘ '

That the court would then have charged the said Mr. Bruere with a mcjflage to the board, intimating, that the court supppfed the refusal of the board to have arisen only from an idea that the requisition came from a wrong quarter ' atfd informing them, that such requisitions were always made by the attorney ' from one or other of the parties; thereby implying, that the requisition ' Was a matter ' ’ of right; and adding, that the court required the paper to be produced in evidence

"v

relate only to the particular merits of this cause, and does not atfe < 5t the ge *

dence at the trial of the cau r; but Mr. Bruere having declined to be the bearer of the said message, Mr. SOrimpton, Prothonotary of the court, was ordered to deliver the fame.

conceived to be the real intent and obje&of the requisition.

For this ’ purpose, knowing that many of the papers demanded contained # matters totally foreign from the suit in question, and conceiving, that neither such infbru&ians from the directors, nor such letters to the directors, as had no rela - j

tions, and under the restrictions abovementioned, and should attend the court therewith, artd produce the fame, if be were thereto required j with which resolution, the prothonotary of the court was desired to acquaint the court.

delivered in council : for your lordship will observe,. .. ..

That a fimilai demand, and a declaration to that efTefl ^. were made on occasion of iome intelligence conveyed to the judges, by we know not whom, that the board had found it necessary to represent to the court of directors, the great dangers arising from what the board judged to be an improper extension of the jurisdiction of the supreme court.

That on occasion of a paper which the board had judged to he a libel on ;, the judges, and as such, had ordered it to be burnt, the judges, not satisfied with ( his mark of the board’s attention to the honour of the court, demanded a copy net only of the libel, but also of the minutes of the council though, in peithcij of the last instances could they legally know that any minutes flood upon the confutations relative to the subjects in question j and the judges further required the board to enter on their minutes, certain papers which the judges called an answertothe li bel.

The consequence of such claims Cannot ' escape your lordship. If the power assumed by the judges, of inspecting the minutes of the council, of knowing and publishing the opinion of each individual member of the board, be legal, how ls it polBble that the board can aft as a council of Hate ? If the do£lriue laid dodrn ' by the judges that e4ch ‘member is answerable for his opinion, in an action df damages to any man who shall think he suffers by any resolution of the Harts, ylaw, how is it possible that, the board should debate with freedom, or, acte with vigour and firmness, when no one member can either debate or aft with peribtMd safety.

That the board persisting in their former resolution, not to fend the papers demanded according to the general requisition : but desirous, at the same time, of e attention to the court, determined to comply with what they

tion to the suit, nor such proceedings of the council as contained either matter foreign to the suit, or even the opinions of the individual members of the board, respecting the subject of the cause depending, were matters of a nature which ought to be divulged, or which could be given in evidence j the boarck therefore determined, that the secretary should extra& the proceedings of the council, relative tO Mr. Stuart’s taking possession of the office of secretary, with the excep -

Nor was this the only instartcein which the judges have demanded, a9 a raat - ' rtr of right, the inspection of the minutes of the board, or in which the individual ' members thereof have been declared responsible for their respefUvc opinions

The

4o8 PARLIAMENTARY, A. ij ' Si.

Herat subjrft of the admincft ration of ju slice; and next to omit nothing whichi the - parties in the disputes growing out of this cause, may think material for

~ their

- \ ' rJ t ' jfj 3

The lad head of complaint, upon which we ' flxalf - Yeptyra to troubjue ypur lord - ( ship, is respecting the criminal law of England bdng m force, ' and binding, upon the natives of Bengal, though utterly repugnw, to those law and customs by which they have formerly been governed. 1

And heefcyour lordship will permit us to, observe, that Maha Bajaju Kjjndco -. 1 irtar, a native of high rank in Bengal, was indited, ipried, cpnvifted, enji. exc I cuted, for ap offence which was not capital by. the laws of the country whey the ] ©Ifeocewas committed. ... v

This, my lord, we conceive to be a. matter of most serious importance, and Rg with confcqutnces the most alarming to the natives of Indian.

The general principle < vhich the judges seem to have Laid down iu. their proceedings against Nundcomar is, that all the ( Criminal law of England is in ibree, and binding upon all the inhabitants within the circle of their jurisdiction in Bengal. This principle, though it may perhaps have been adopted by the ancient courts of judicature, established by the charters of their late Majesties, George jit and 2d, would, as We conceive, prove so fatal, if purfuedy through aftl its conferences, that wc might reafouably have expend, that the judge would at least have softened it in the application.

For supposing it not to he in the power of the judges to mitigate or vary the pUuiftvment affixed by the criminal law of England to particular offences, your, lordship wrll nevertheless perhaps be of opinion, that as the prisoner had been thus tried, convicted, and condemned by a law of another country, it would have beeti a matter of prudence, at least, in the court, to have exercised the power ef « penally given then/in the charter, of respiting the execution or the sententt till his Majesty’s pleasure could be denown, instead of proceeding to execution within so short a space of time after convictionj an authority which existedno where else within that settlement, and which must be supposed to hawe een given for tjhe purpose of leaving his Majesty the power of mitigating, 4a inilaneeJ of this nature, the feveyity of the law.

• The execution of FJundcomar appears to us the more extraordinary, wk « we Consider, that so late as the year 1765, the inhabitants of Calcutta were exceal - rngty alarmed atthp circumstance of a native of Bengal having been, capittlty Convicted upon an indictment for forgery; that the court of directors.. petitku d his Majesty in behalf of the cojwid, and that the royal clemency forthwith extended on thatoccasion.

Inthe case, my lord, to which we allude, it is stated by the prebdent coun -

cil of Fort William, that the principal black inhabitants of the place fytfl prefer Kd a petition to them in favour of Radachurn Metre, the ^. upder pUnce ftf death for forgery, soliciting them to defer the execution of the faaibj and urecotp mending the delinquent to his Majesty for mercy : and the said pre&de#r &4 council observe, that in order to givq these people tjje fullest convifiiou of - pr lenity as well as justice, and in hopes that. his condemnation would be fa fafficjfgjr example to deter others from committing the like uffeate ( which, as the preftdnt ind council declare; is not held so infamous in the eyes of the petitionary ) $9 had. agreed to comply with their application,

1 The

A# i}i.

D E BATE 8.

409

their junification. The Commietee have endeavoured to throw into the body of their report all that seems to them necessary for obtaining the Jrlt of these ‘ objects

The petition in favour of the convict was styled, " The humble petition of the sative inhabitants of Calcutta, together with the merchants, banyans, and others, whole estates, interests, or Imitations, are in any part of the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, or Orifia, within the jurisdiction of the English; and it contain the most linking description of the imprelTions made upon the natives general, by the conviction of Radachurn Metre, for forgery.

It Hates, " the general consternation, astonishment, and even panic, with which the natives at all parts, under the denomination of the English, are seized by this example of Radachurn Metre, that they find themselvgs subject to the pains and penalties of laws to which they are utter grangers .; and that they are liable, through ignorance, unwillingly to incur them. That as they are no ways interested in those laws; they cannot tell when they transgress them; many things being, as they observe, capital by the English laws, which are only fineable by the laws of their forefathers, subject to which they have hitherto been bred, lived, and governed, and that, till very lately, under the English flag.

And a late governor of Bengal, who was upwards of twenty years resideni in the country, observes on this occasion, that so extravagant did thefentence against Radachurn Metre appear, add such was the disproportion irvthe eyes of the natives, between the crime and the punishment, that the principal inhabitants of Calcutta expressed their astonishment and ' alarm, in a petition to the governor and - council; and upon a proper representation, the convict received a pardon.

We beg your lordship tq confideiv what will be > the consequences, if the judges proceed upon the principle of declaring ajl the other parts of the criminal lau of England to be in force in Bengal ? and they must, lb proceed, if they mean to be confident with themselves. Can it be just, or prudent, to introduoe all the different species of felony, created by that which is called the black aft ? or to involve, as what is called the Coventry aft involves, offences of different degrees in one common punishment f or to introduce the ettdlcfs, and almost in -

explicable distinctions, by which certain acts are or are not burglary ? Can certain offenders be transported to his Majesty’s colonies in America, or sent to work upon the Rivet Thames ? shall every man cofivifted for the first time of bigamy, which is allowed, protested, nay almost commanded by their la\v, bo burnt in the hand if he can read, and hanged if life cannot read

These, my lord, are some only of the consequences which \vc conceive must follow, if the criminal law of England be suffered to remain in force, and binding, upon the natives of Bengal. —If it were legal to try, to convict : and execute Nundcomar for forgery, on the statute of George the Second, it must, as we conceive, be equally legal to try, convict, and to punishthe Subahdar of Bengal, and all his court, for bigamy, upon the statute of James the First.

In dating the dangers which toe apprehend from the jurisdiction exercised by the supreme court of judicature, we should hold ourselves inexcu&blc if we did not at the same time submit to your lordship’s confederation such reasons as the judges have thought proper to address to us in relation thereto. Your lordship will find them in the papers to which we refer in the margin.

We shall not presume to make particular observations upon these papers; but ' we do not hesitate to declare it as our opinion, that if the supreme court be not Vol. II. - G g g restrained

0

i

410 ' PARLIAMENTARY A. itft.

• \ objects; and far the second, they have found themselves under the neeefihy of inferring very largely in the appendix; for the bulk of which it may. be proper to oflfc some apology. The discussion of this cause, having occasioned a difference between the Governor General and Council, and the Supreme C > urt, was carried on with great warmth; and throughout the proceedings themselves, and the various comments upon them, much censure was throjyu reciprocally on every description of persons concerned whether aa poesies, witnesses, judges, or members of the administration it seemed therefore m - cessary, f# an impartial view of the dispute, to give in the appendix, not only the original documents in the cause, but also the different representations and reasoningt of the various parties, so far as the papers before

retrained from enrolling the Dewannee courts from exercising jurisdiction and interfering in matters which merely respect the revenues of Bengal, ' the difficulties in collecting them will be insuperable, and the k > f terthe company immeni ’ e.

That there may be an abl ' olute necessity for determining the hounds between the authority of thefupreme court and the council, the judges themselves admit; that necessity we conceive is new become evident. We apprehend, with ourfer - vants in Bengal, that the very being of government in India depends upon having, the power of each of its constituent branches fixed and declared; upon having the limits of the jurisdiction of the supreme court ascertainod, upon having it known to the pfople what persons and matters ate, and wfiat persons and matters are not, within its jurisdiction.

It is therefore, my lord, that through your lordshipwe beg leave to fuhmit to his Majesty’s ednsideration, the instances above recited, in which jurisdiction has been exercised ' by the supreme court of judicature at Bengal, and deemed incompatible with the powers given by Parliament to the governor general and council, which are said to obstruct the administration of government, ' tend to alien at he minds of the natives and, we fear, muff prevent the establlihing of the government of that Country on any settled or permanent foundation.

We therefore, my lord, most earneffly renew our requtft, that his Majesty will he pleased to give such orders therein as to him in his wisdom shall seem fit. -

We are, with great Refjfo&,

My Lard,

Your Lord&ip ’ t Most obedient, and most humble fervaao, ( Signed )

George Tatem.

Tho. Cheap. ’

John Smith.

Johh Michie.

Samuel Peach.

Charles Roddam.

Joseph Sparkes.

4 Richard Hall.

James Moffatt.

Nath. Smith.

T B. Rous.

Richard Beecher.

Geo. WombwcJL W. Devaynes. John Purling. Frederick P on. Robert Gregory Ben. Booth. John Roberts. John Harrifoa. Henry Savage. John Manlrip. Geo. Cuming.

East India House, ’ tile 19th Nov. 17 ?.

Committee

Die

A. 1781. DEBATES w 411,

Committee ehabled them so to do The most material, as wall as the most bulky of those papers, are the report of Mr. Bogle, Commissioner of law - fuita to the Company, and the speeeh delivered by the Chief Justice on giving judgment in the cauie. These two papers, which contain indeed a great deal of the fame matter, do however also comprise the substance of all that is disputed of each side 1 and the Committee have been unwilling to attempt an abridgement of either of them, judging that they may be welcome to the House entire, notwithstanding their great length, and the frequent repetitions necefiaraly found in two papers, treating of and exhausting the fame subject.

This action was brought by Nadarah Begum, a widow, against her husband’s nephew, Behadar Beg, and against the Cauzee of Patna, and two Misftees of the Provincial Court of Justice there, for injurief aliedged to have been done to her, in consequence or the orders, and of a decree of the Chief and Council at Patna, tfting as a Court of Justice.

The Committee will report mote fully, in another place, what they have learnt respecting the nature of the office and duties of CaUzee and Mustee 5 but think it proper to premise here, that they were formerly Judges in the Mahomedatt Courts, that they are men ikilled in the Mahomedan law, and are, under the present establishment in Bengal, officers or afieflors of the country courts of justice.

The Committee will begin with afhort account of the ciccumstances which gave rife to the proceedings in the Council at Patna, complained of by Nadarah Begem.

Shabaz Beg Cawncame from Cabool, his native country, to Bengal, to leek his fortune 5 and having entered into the fervioe of the Company, rose to the command of a body of horse. In the course of his services, he obtained from the Great Mogul, a grant of free lands, called an Ultumghaw, in the province of Bahar; and haying acquired a competent fortuney retired from the army, and settled at Patna. About this time, being advanced in years, he married Nadarah Begum, by whom he had no children. His brother, Allure Beg, name to Patna; and after residing fotne time with him, on his return co Cabool, either left or sent Behadar Beg, one of his Tons, to live with Shabaz Beg Cawn. Behadar Beg remained accordingly in his family from that time to the old man’s death, which happened federal years after, in November 1776. Shabaz Beg Cawn having died without issue, his widow, Nadarah Begum, and hi ' s nephew, Behadar Beg, disputed his inheritabce, each pretending to the whole; the widow, under a will and other deeds ., alkdged to hare been executed by the deceased; and the nephew, as hia adopted fdn and heir. These claims gave rife to the following proceedings.

Behadar Beg preferred a petition to the Chief and Council at Patna, on the second of January, 1777, fttting forth his claim; and after statin ? that ahe widow was removing an secreting the effects, concluding with a prayer, that orders fhobld be given to prevent the removal of the goods, and to recover such as had already been carried aqray; and that the Cauzee should be directed to ascertain his right, and acquaint the Council therewith.

' The Council thereupon gave directions to the Cauzee, and other law officers, to take an account of the estate and effects of the d « cha ( ed, to, collect thorn together, and to take charge of them jointly with the patties, ’ till a

Ggga 1 division

412 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

division could b % mide to allot the shares of each claimant, strictly adhering to the Mulfulman law of inheritance; and to give into the Council an act - count of their proceedings. This order was communicated to the Cauzee and two Mustees, by a precept or perwannah, in the Persian language.

It appears, that in obedience to this precept, the Cauzee and Mustees proceeded to the house of the deceased; and, after some resistance on the part of the widow, executed their orders, by taking an account of the efe&s securing such part of them as remained on the premises, and investigating the rights of the parties; Cojah Zekeriah, another nephew of the deceased Shabaz Beg, who lived in the house, and was in the confidence of Nadarah Begum, a#ed, and was considered throughout, as her attorney. It must be observed, however, as this circnmfiance is relied on in a subsequent part of the proceedings, that when the Cauzee desired the Begum to appoint a Vakeel ( or attorney ) on her part, and pointed out Cojah Zekeriah as a proper person, ( he poiitively refused to appoint any, but sent tifer seal, and told them they might if they pleased appoint him; Zekeriah likewise refused to accept of the office; but his appointment being sealed and delivered to thectfzety he acted from that time as Nadarah’s attorney.

On the 20th of January, 1777, the Cauzee and Mustees delivered in their report; in which, after llating the grounds of the respective claims, and the evidence, at some length, as adduced on either fide, they deliver their opinion, That, exclusive of the ultumghaw, which does not compose part of the inheritance, all the property of the deceased ( haald be divided into fours shares; whereof three should be given to Behadar Cawn, his father, being the legal heir of the deceased, and himself the adopted son; and the remaining one to - Nadarah the widow. These proceedings of the Cauzee and and Mustees having become a principal ground of the subsequent judgment of the Supreme Court, the Committee beg leave to refer, in this place, to atrapflation of the report itself, in the Patna appendix, No. 2.

On the receipt of this, the Vakeels of both parties were ordered torattend; and after some verbal examination, as is fiated by Mr. Law in a letter to the Governor General, the Council, by a perwannah directed to the Cauzee and Mustees, ordered their decree, for the division of the effects, to be carried into execution. and the ultumghaw, according to custom, to be delivered over to the charge of Behadar Cawn, who was to allow the widow one - fourth of, the produce for her maintenance.

The Council further, on consideration of the circumstances reported respecting the removal of the effects, and the forgery of the deeds produced on the part of the widow, agreed, That Cojah Zekeriah, Ghyrut Beg, Bn - nuyet Alla Beg, Cauzee Mnzzoom, and Mahomed Evaz, be put in confine ment till the effects which are said to have been secreted are produced; and, that after this is done, and the division made, they be delivered over to the Phoufdarry to cake their trial for forgery, of jphich the will and the ekm aum ( tw# instruments ) produced to invalidate the claim of Behadar Cawn, bear evident marks. ’

The widow refifiiipg the execution of the foregoing decree of division, and the Cauzee and Mustees proceeding to enforce it, ( he withdrew herself, contrary to their desire and remonstrance, from the house, to a place called the 3 > urgah of Shah Arzaupi, in the - neighbourhood of Patna; the ' habitation. < s ' - are *

0

■ m

Ic

V

Ai iySi D E BAT E ^. 413

a religious order of men, known by the name of Faquiers; a « d carried with her the ultumghaw funnuds, or grants, and the female {laves. The Cauzee and Mustees valued the fffedts remaining, by appraisers appointed on each side, and divided them into four shares, of which one being chosen by Zeke - riah was liotted to the widow, and set apart for her ufb in a room, together with the jewels and some other articles, that wereliot divided. She refused, however, to accept of this share, and the etfedls were never taken away by he ^. The remaining shares were taken polleiHon of by Behadar Beg, in trull for his father.

. It appears, that the Cauzee and Mustees not having been ' able tp obtain from the widowfhe title deeds of the ultumghaw, and the female flatres, Be - hadar Beg presented apetition to the Council, dating, That ( he r ufecj compliance with the decree, and had absconded, contrary to the uifulman cuf - toro, which reflected disgrace on the family; and praying, that ( he might be delivered up to his car < as representative of the heir.

The Council thereupon agreed, that Behadar Beg’s request be complied withstood that the widow be con drained to return to the house under his protection, and deliver up the funnuds and other papers of the edare.

On the aothof March following, behadar Beg presented another petition, complaining, that the Cauzee bad not yet complied with the orders of the Beard; whereupon the Council agreed, that an order be written to the Cauzee, positively directing him immediately to comply with the former orders, and reprimanding him for h# delay.

The Cauzee, in vindication of himself, represented by an arzee or memorial, that he had made frequent demands for that purpose, to which the widow had paid no attention; and that he had placed Hircarrahs to watch her. He likewise represented it as his opinion, ‘‘ that according to the Mpfjt fulman law, it would be proper, under the present circumstances, to emp py ' force; and that it has been customaryto lay eftraint upon, and coniine, any refraSory person, to procure the right of another, that may, not lose it *

■ Upon this memorial and representation, the Council, on the 3d of April, ordered a guard of fepoys to be placed over the widow; and that no perfoa be suffergd to have intercourse with her till the slave women should be given, up. This guard was continued till the 5 th of May following, when the widow, {till refuling compliance, it was withdrawn.

The widow, who complained of injustice in the decree of the Council, al - iedged also a variety of insults and personal injuries, offered to her in the execution of the different orders of that Boardw, hi£h oeing denied on the other part, and variously related in the demolitions of the witnesses; the Committee beg leave to refer oil this head to the papers in the appendix.

These transactions at Patna, gave occasion to the following proceedings in the Supreme Court.

Nadarah Begum brought a action of trespass, ft armis > against Behadar Beg, Cauzee Sadhee, Mustee Baradtoolah, and Muttee Gullaum Muc - doom; the Cauzee and Mustees to whom the Provincial Council had referred the causeat Patna.

The action was for xffanlt and battery, false imprisonment, breaking and entering her house, seizing hereffedts, and other personal injuries, as express ffedin the declaration; for which ( he laid her damages at 6oo, oco sicca rupees, or about 66, ooool. '

Behadar

0

I

414

PARLIAMENTARY

A. f7 i,

Behadar Beg pleaded, that he was not within the jurisdiction of the Court; Ad he added to this, a plea of Not Guilty.

The other three defendants pleaded generally, Not Guilty.

The pleas of Not Guilty, were accompanied, according to the rules of the Court, with notices of ' justjjication; in which Behadar Beg dated, that in the matters complained of, headed only as a suitor 5 and the other defendants dared, that they acted as ministers of a court of judice.

Behadar Beg s plea to the jurisdictfon first came on, and was over - rufqd. He was held to be subject to the j *. trifdidion of the Court as " employed by the Company, " in the character of farmer of the distri&s of Gidore and Amertoo; for, although he appeared to be nominally only the security fof Julfic&r Allg, the nominal farmer of these didrills, yet one of the witnesses having expressed a suspicion, that Behadar Beg was himself the real farmer, under the title of security, and it being said by another witness, that he was generally reputed to he so, the Court was of opinion, that he ought to be considered as the principal farmer. The Court also took notice, that Mr. Young had said in his evidence, that the security for a farmer might employ the power of government in aid of the collection; and upon these grounds, adjudged him to be within their jurisdiction.

This adjudication being the first infiance in which farmers of the revenue were held to be subjecto the jurisdiction of the Court, appears to have given great alarm in the province of Bahar; the renters or farmers of which, pre l ' ented a petition to the Council at Patna, desiring it might be forwarded to the Governor - General and Council, representing, in very forcible term *, the apprehensions excited by the judgment alluded to ? calling for the prote&on of government against it; and, if that could not be afforded, jdefiring tore - Hnquifit their farms, that they might retire to some other country.

The notices of jollification came next under consideration. The ground on which the defendants, the ( Jauzee and Mustees, relied, wasj the Provincial Council at Patna had authority, derived from the Governor General and Council, to fit and ad as a court of justice, and to hear and determine faits between Mussulman and MufTulman, subject to an appeal to the Governor General and Council at Fort William, and to enforce their decrees; that when The parties were Mahomedans, the suits used to be determined according to the Mahomedan law, and the fame were used to be referred to the Cauzee and Mustees; who, when such reference was made, were Afed to examine the action or suit, and having heard the parties, their vakeels, or actor hies, and the evidence on both fides, were fifed to deliver in a report upon the Tuit referred, agreeably to the Mahomedan law, whereupon the Council gave judgment.

With respect to the three defendants, the Cauzee and Mustees, the Court set aside their justification, as insufficient on the face of it; because it stated, that the Council at Patna, having only a delegated authority themselves, had delegated that authority to others, contrary to an established maxim of the jaw of England, Delagatitsiionpoteji delegare.

The justification of Behadar Beg, to the terms of which thi9 objection did hot apply, was set aside oh the gtoutid th&t it did not coVer all the counts in the declaration.

The several defendants being thus precluded from offering any evidence b justifi tion, were however allowed to adduce it in mitigation of damages.

'. In

A 1781 DEBATE S. 415

In this form, the Court went minutely through the whole of the case; in the course of which, the merits of the original claims to the succession of Shabaz Beg Cawn, made before the Chief and Council at Patna, came to have principal share in their confi deration. The proceedings lasted many days, and have swelled to a very considerable ( ize; and as the Committee doe9 not think that a detail of these proceedings, which belong only to the particular merits of this case, is necessary for the information of the House, on any general point material for their confi deration, they refer for fat is fa diion on that hehd, to the Patna Appendix, No. 17, 18, and will content themselves with Bating here, what fcems to them to be the general effect of the judgments. Your Committee think it proper, for this purpose, to take notice, that the defendants iA ( tMs cau fe, are not accused of pfCulat gn, or any other species of corruption, in any of the matters objected to them; for, although this is al - ledged in the original affidavit of Nadarah Begum, which was the foundation of the suit, it was never attempted to be proved in any subsequent stage of the cause; but the charges against them are confined to their having ailed without ft/ufficient legal authority; to irregularity in their proceedings; to their having pronounced an erroneous juogment; and having been guilty of unnecessary violences in the execution of their orders.

Your Committee think it proper to lay before the House, in this place, the evidence given on the trial before the Supreme Court, respeliing the reference of suits between MufTulman and Muftulman, to the Cauzee and Mustees.

William Young, witness for the defendants, being duly sworn, deposed,

I am a Member of the Provincial Council at Patna—They ( it as a court of civil justice—They try causes between Muftulman and Muftulman. In the province of Bahar, the Provincial Council of Patna fit as this court of justice, and tries matters of property, and causes of Inheritance, between MulTulman and Muftulman. In the month of January, 1777, they did so. I was at that time a Member of the Council there. I know the defendant, Eehadar Beg. In passing a decision, they issue process on complaint being made—We issued process, called perwannahs and orders—having heard and tried a cause, we proceed to give judgment upon it—There are Muflulmen officers, a Cauzee and Mustees, attendant on the court, for the determination of all points which depend and refer to the Mahomedan law—Such points are referred to them— In fomeecafes, enquiries as to matters of falls, are referred to them—The v right of purchase, in some instances. —It is the custom among Muflulmen, that when lands or houses are to be sold, the next neighbour is to have the preference, and the Cauzee and Mustees are to enquire who is the next neigh# hour, and this is called the Hue Shuftee. If the next neighbour has had the preference of the purchase, and the prior refusal to purchase, it is the duty of the Cauzee and Mustees to esquire, whether he is really the next neighbour, and to make their report to the court, and their report is deemed valid by the court; and the erion who disposed of the house or land, is to return the money to the frft purchaser, and fell the house or ground to the person claiming and proved to be the ne t neighbour. In matters of inheritance, it has t I > een the usual practice of that provincial court, to refer matter of salt and law to the Cauzee and Mufteesf It is common to refer the whole cause to the investigation and report of the Cauzee and Mustees—I found that so be the ' ' ufu *.

4i6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

usual practice on taking my feat at the board. Our judicial proceedings have been regularly transmitted to the governor general and council, where such causes have been referred in the above manner, and determined finally by ui *; which proceeding having never been objected to by the governor and council, have been deemed by me and the other members as valid, and considered now as a part of the constitution of our courts; but the report of the cauzees and muftees are not always the rule of our final determination, if any objections are urged by the opposite party, which are thought by us to de serve consideration. It is the constant and invariable rule of our court, either for the parties themselves, or the mutrulluck vakeels ( their agents with, full powers ) to be present on our hearing and determining on the report of the cauzees and multees. Thj partiis, or their muttulluck vakdtds have certainly a right to object to the matters fad and law, as flared by the cauzee and muftees, and sometimes do object. I do not recollect an in - Aance where the report of the cauzee, and muftees was objected to, but I have no doubt it has frequently happened. I think we have the right, and I would do it. I recollect one inltance where, upon an objection being made to the repdrtof the cauzee and muftees, in a cause between MufTulman and Mussulman, the court proceeded to make further enquiry into it themselves, *

I believe, if I had time to recoiled ! myself, 1 should be able to mention more instances. ' -

/yxomplaint was made in writing to the Provincial Council by the defendant, BehadarBeg. We receive no complaints but in writing. The origi -. nal, as I said in a former deposition, was, as 1 believe, transmkted to the Commissioner of law - suits here.

In cases where judgment is given, it becomes necessary to fequeflertho effects; they are usually taken account of in the presence of the Cauzee, ot feme of his officers. ’ Tis also the duty of a Cauzee, on the inflitution of a suit in the Provincial Court, particularly in suits respecting inheritance, to pro - ceed to the spot where the property is, if it is personal property, and capable of being removed, tp take an inventory of it; but it is also customary, that the parties themselves, or persons on their behalf, properly authorized, be present when speh inventory is taken. I have assisted in passing orders for that purpose, and the Cauzee cannot proceed until he has received authority from the Court. Upon the inventory’s being taken, the effectsare sealed up, or the place where the effects are, by the Cauzee, and thus they reunain till judgment is passed, and it, is determined to whom they belong. On judgment being passed, an order is issued to the Cauzee, to allot them confoim# bly to the terms of the judgment. It is his duty to observe this order, and which, if he neglected, complaints would arise, and due notice taken of it; he would be called upon to account for his conduct, and if it appeared re - prehenfible, he would be suspended from his office, and a complaint would be made to the Governor General and Council, and it would be requefied of them to desire the Sudder Cauzee of the three provinces, to appoint another; 1 b cause all the Cauzees in the different parts of the country, are Naibsof the 8udderCauzee of the three provinces. 1 donorknow the name of the present Sudder ( or Chief ) Cauzee of the three provinces. I certainly do consider the Cauiee and Mustees, minifiertal officers, infome part of their duty. The defendant Cauzee Sadhee, Mustee Gullaum Mucdoom, and Mustee

, Bara&oolah,

X

A > 8ly # - £; B A T E S, 417

B&radoolah, were at this time Cauaeeand Mustees of the Court, hut there were other Mustees also of the Court, one earned Ali Ibrahim, wjio is more generally known by the name of Mustee Geenm, and the other named ftjufte Kurrum Ullah. The De wan nee Adauiut, is superintended by one of the members in monthly rotation. Its deciiions admit of an appeal to the provincial Council, in their judicial capacity, as a superior Court : both of them ajre regulated by the fame inodes and practice. The Council are not only a Court of Appeal, but also a Court in the first in fiance, I mean a Court of original jurisdiction; and any member of the Council can introduce a cause before the Council, by receiving the petition of the party, and laving it before them It is also expressly ordered by the Governor General and Council. Those orders are in our book of iggplatfois The cases inflit uted before the Provincial Council, admit of appeals to the Governor pcneral and Council. There are no courtjs efhblished by the Governor General and Council, for hearing appeals from our decisions, but the Sudder Dewannec Adaulut.

Edwatd Golding, wjtness for the defendants, being duly sworn, deposed; —I have been a member of the Provincial Council at Patna from November 4774 to October 1778, not before the establishmtent of the Governor General and Council. My appointment is in writing; I have it not with me; it js among my papers. In many cases of causes of inheritance and causes of property, triedby the Council at Patna, it is in many cases usual no doubt, to re&r to the Cauzee and Mustees the causes before them; btyt u is not in general in all cases; it is not uniyerfally the practice.

Your Committee think it not injproper to lay before the House also, in thi place, the following extracts irqm Mr. Bogle’s report, which feeip to thrcuy light on the subject;

44 That to giye the Mpfliilmans of this country the full advantage being tried by their Taws, it is necessary that the fa < 3, as. well a ? the law, be referred to their 0 0 dolors, inafiniic ) } as it requires a knowledge of the law to try tb£ fa4 apd ° discover the points that are material to the cause, and upon

lyhich th law turns : that one woqld naturally be of opinion, that the Cauzee and Mustees are better qualified to examine a Muifulman cause than Eng - glifhmen; and that their examination would be more grateful to their countrymen,;. and that there appears no just grounds for a contrary opinion : th t the number of Engliftupen acquainted with the language or this country is very small, and eyen of these, few are so far mailers of it, as to be ble tp write it apd ye % d it without digicnlty and if no fadi was to be examined bqt by then *, or iq. their presence, and no cause determined till all the papers, accounts, an eyidenfc had been translated, the administjation of justic would bpalmoit entirely flopped. " {

4 4 The law maxim of Delegates non poteft delegarp, pfeCented. an objection which was unani; pouily deemed fatal; and the acts of the Cauzee and Mustees b iqg done by virtue of an authority delegated to them by the Council at Patna, - wqre cpnfequently adjudged to be illegal/ *

44 But hpweyqr unjustifiable their conduct may appear, when tried by tl}e ftn& principles of law, humanity will plead in their behalf, that they i ere totally unacquainted with this, and every other maxim of the ' English law :; hat they w re ignorant of ffee constitution {he JE&t f and Council 9f

Yoi : IX :. Ji. ' hjt ., i, Patyq

> VAR. ll AMEVf A\t.

Fatna, and4 of the particular right ! with which it foVefied fhfern i but coo fidering it as thdr doty to execute tt > e orders of the Hakim or reigning power, and knowing that the £nglifo poffifed the forertfign power $n this cottntrw and that the Council at Patna had thfe fuprfotie authority hi the tchlgittb « fiahar, they thought themfehres bound to obey their orders, and estoUiiat the caufp of Nat&rah Begum rn the ft me manner as they would have obeyed the order of the Governor General and Council, or Supttme CoUrt, Without bucftioning their authority, or examining how far conquestftndfrperior force {conferred the fight of exercising it; that they had often, as on thin Occtfioa, examined carufes, and enquired into complaints, in cortsequence of fitnilar : jpemanhahs of the COunnl dr Provincial Court of Adaulut, without the tuft 1 aidant idea, that What they looked upon as a point of duty. Would beta : jpuied to them as a drirae, and eXpose them to perpetual imprisonment. "

Your Committee think it proper to refer to a letter from the Govern teeneral and Council to Mr, Ewan law, dated 12th January, 1778; in which the Governor General exprefies his opinion, that the Patna Qouncilwere n$t regblar in referring the examination of the witnesses and the trial of the fads n the cauf£, to the Cauzees and Mustees.

Your Committee aTfo examined fereral gentlemen competent to giro them information On this point, which they will lay before the House in this place.

Mr. Golding informed your Committee, That he rehded fifteen years in Bengal; that he resided twelve years at Patna and its iubordinaces, and for the Fall foUr ' ydafs of that time was a member of the provincial Council there. Being afleed, What was the course of the Proviuctal Council at Paffla, Where a cause of importance is brought before them i he anftvered, That it Was tifual to summon the parties or their agents to appear. And beinga&ed, ' What reason appeared on the face of the proceedings in the cause of Behadar Beg against Nadarah Begum, why the parties or their attorniqr rore not sum - jnonea to appear when the suit was commenced f He said, That he believed the case in qu ’ eftion was considered more as a matter of law than matter of fact, and was therefore referred to the expounders of the Mahometan law. That he did not recollect whether this reason was so expressed on record, hot that he conceived it to be the motive that weighed with the Council, for ft ferring It to the opinion of the Cauzee and Mustees. tie in foraged your Committee, that this method of referring a petition has been pra&Hed in other instances similar to the present, that is, jncafpgof inheritance which require the opinion of the Mahomedan lawyers. That the Council do certainly not undertake to decide any point of Mahomedan law without such a reference; and he believes, that they aTe generally guided by the report of the Mahomedan lawyers; but if their opinion foouldbe wrong, an appeal lies to the Governor General and Council, when the opinion of other Mahomedan lawyers would be taken. That the institution of Cauzees and Mustees, for trial of causes, was previous to the estabti foment of the Provincial Courts, and he believes ' from the time of the Mahomedan cooqucft.

That he believes there is a supreme Cauzee, who reiides at Muxadabad, or Calcutta, and who delegates authority to thbfe who a&in the provinces. That he does not know wherher the supreme Cauzee hap his appointment directly from the Governor General and Council, or from tbp Naib Subah at their recommendation : That h pexercises his authority In th#name of the Ling Shah Alium, whole name is engraved on the fcaj of office, - > yith the

date

A. I7&A D ' l J A f E J. 419

Atte of the appofritment. And being acted, what Would lute been the con ' fetpMnrie, if ike ' Caused had refofedioobcy the order of reference made by tfrfeTfoviiicial Council I be feid, that it mu#, hi his opinion, have been con - idwcri as a ntgle&ofduty, and as. fitch have been reported to the Governor General and Council. And being affced, whether it had ever been notified Yo the Csrosee and Mufeees, that accepting such a reference, and reporting fltarem, wriuld be considered by the Supreme Court of Judicature as illegal, find fuhjoamgthem to pooifhmerct ? he find, that he was not theta at the « so e, but as it never entered into the imagination of any man, that it would - ha lbeopftdered, of course he conceived it could oof hi notified tts them Me further informed your Committee, that it is usual to employ the Catizee ' a authority m taking inventories of goods, and facaring them under his feat during tuedrrigarion of property, and that he is employed in enforcing ptor orfj ftftd judgment a

Mr. Law was than examined, and informed your Committee that he haa feMsdifisesytiit in Bengal, and thirteen atFathav That he went them Si interpreter and Persiaa tmnflator in t 767; that in 1771 he an appointed a member of the Provincial Council of Revenue, and was appointed Chief la 1777; that when the cause of Behadar Beg again# Nadarah Begum wai Befetothe Council, Mr. Droz was cting Chief, and he was second himselfi Theft salt had been brought in the Supreme Court again# him. and two ' Other members of the Patna Council, by Nadarah Begum, which, on theit reprofisntatton, - had been defended by order of the Governor General and Council 9 and as nothing Wat endeavoured to be proved at the trial, but those public stfh which appear on the Patna confutations, the decree of 15, 006 tipe#r had been ordered to be satisfied by the Governor General and Council Wn the part of the Company t and the cause, he umlerftands, is now - appealed That the decree of the Supreme Court passed fusee he left Bengal; and that bevfflderffattdi, by letters from his agents, that the expences of the appeal defrayed by the Company, and that it is upon those terms only that b# has authorized them to go on with the salt That - if the damages are finally WetarAdaediit ' favour of the Begum, the lof9 will fell on the Company; and he defers to a letter of the other two members of the Patna Council to the ' - ©ovfcraor General and Council, demanding to be indemnified in the sum dc - tfreed jpgainfl them, and their answer and proceedings thereupon. *

He risen informed your Committee, that suits between native and native Were generally brought before ihe Council at Patna, by arzee or petition That the parties complained of, or their agent3, were then fuihmonedj and in feme cases the; matter it in general referred to the Cauzee and Mustees, Who enquirerinfto ' and report upon them. That the reference he believes is femetiiises made previous to thesummoning the parties; and that in the case of Behadar Beg again# Nadarah Begum, it was conceived there might be tiiore claimants than these two. The Mahomedan law officers were directed to receive all claims, to examine them, and to date the proportions to which, according to the degree of affinity, they might be entitled; and as this enquiry ' might be afie&adhy the production of deeds, those of course came under their ceosideration They were directed also tofecure the property to pre - : Vent the embezzlement until a decree arid a division could take place. That deed for mftrumrints, affecting property in that country, differ materially ' bath in form and effectfrom those in England 9 find that he cerrainly would Wot haft venturtd to determine any cause which might have been afie&ed by

Hhha - - such

4 ? o PARLIAMENTARY A. ij

such deeds, without taking the advice of the Mahomedan law officer *. That he does not think hirafelf as competent a judge of any internal evidence, which may lead to the invalidating ' such deeds, or shewing them to be faifified dr forged, as the lawyers of that country, who were trained in the drawing and legal constructions of those instruments. That the regulationaof 1772, efiabmbed by the Governor General and Council, exprtfsiy direct the Pro - vindal Courts of Dewannee Adaulut, to make reference to the Cauzee and Mustees, - on points of law occurring in suits.. between jMahomedans. That he always unaerfiood it was the practice under the Mahomedan government. That in points of Mahomedan law, he considered it as his indispen&ble duty to consult the officers and men learned in that law. And being siked, whether the Mahomedan magistrates andvdo&ora do not consider themselves as - indif penfably obliged to obey the order of reference I he answered, that, they did, because they could have no idea of any power over them, besides that of the, Provincial Council of the distri& in which thfey - lived and that subordinate to the Governor General and Council$ he means in respe&. of legal ordcs and references. And being asked, whether it had ever been notified to them, that such delegation of authority was in itself unlawful, and their acting tinder tt in such a manner as to affect the property or person of any one, was an of fence, and punUhabk ? he answered, No 4 I am c1e ? r that the law officers at Patna received no such information through the Provincial Council, nor de l think they could have learned it through any other channel. It was neither conceived by the Council nor the Mahomedan law officers at Patna, that the latter were in any sense subject to the jurUdiction ' of the Supremo Const, be fore they found themselves arrested by a warrant from that Court. He also said, that it is usualfor the Council to authorise the Cauzee to execute the process of the Dewannee Adaulut, by securing the estate until. the title is determined, and to enforce $he judgment 5 and that he underdaods this to be part of the duty of the Cauzee. He also informed the Committeey that he knows of no qualification necessary for the office of Cauzee, but his appeint - meat. That the chief Cauzee of the three provinces lives at Muxadabad, and, he. believes, holds. his appointment from the Nabob. The. Cauzee for the province of B har a41ed by a funnud from the Chief Cauzee at Muxada - bad. which he has seen, and he knows of no other authority by which be acted. That there is a Cauzee established in every different pergunnahof the Bahar province, who holds his office by funnud from the Sudder or Head Cauzee at Patna. That those Mustees are entitled to the name of Mustees, who poflek Junnuds from the Sudder Adaulut, or Chancery of the empire, or from the deputies of the person holding the Sudder Adaulut, one of whom resides in every province. That there are several Mufrees in Patna besides those retained by the Company, who procure a livelihood by drawing deeds, or other practice.

Your Committee find also information on these subject in the - 7th report of the Committee of Secrecy, presented to the House on the 6th day of ' May, 1773, vto which they refer.

, Your Committee having laid before the House fomeinformation on what. - they have deemed the principal and leading consideration in this cause, come Slow to the judgment, which they find was given Q > the 3d of February, 2779. for the plaintiff again# all the defendants, with 300, 000 rupee damages, and 9308 rupees iu annas, colls, making together £tpca rupees 309, 208. 10 annas, or about thirty - four thousand ptwauh cxecqtion

was sued out accordingly *.. t

4 Your

D E B A T E. 9. ‘ 4 1

Your Committee have reserved to this place, an account of the pfrocefl iSTucd in this cause, both that the relation of other matters might not be interrupted, ami that the effect of thefuit, with all its consequences, on the defendants, might be the better understood by being ffatea together; And

Samr Committee find, that the first procefe was a capias, with a bailable ause, against all the defendants; and that a bailiff from Calcutta, arrested Behadar Beg and the Cauzee, as he was returning from the Demyan nee Gutchery, one of the provincial courts of justice at Patna, on Saturday the 13th of December, 1777; and that the bail required was 400, 000 rupees, or aboutforty - four thousand pounds.

Your Committee find, that on Monday the 15th of December, two days after thearfeft, the Chief and ' Council at Patna agreed to offer bail for Maho - medSadhee, Sudderor Chief CaUzeeof the - province of Bahar. The rea ions afSgned by the Board for offering bail for the Cauzee and Mustees, appears from the following ) extra# from their letter to the Governor General and Council, on the fobj$&

. " Thefeizure of the Cauzee in this disgraceful manner, coming from the execution of his office, has ttr ' uck a general terror into the inhabitants of this city " We thought it therefore expedient, for the honour of the govern meat, and preservation of its authority, to offer the bail required for the en - lacgement of one of its firtt officers; and we were greatly disappointed when we, found it could not be effe#ed without further orders from the court. "

1, ‘{ Mu h more might be - said, to shew what little respetl can beexpefled to he paid in future to the decrees of the Dewannee Courts, the total incon fittency of this double government, and the cruelty and hardships which individuals are exposed to by it, did we not know that these circutnttances are too apparent to need further arguments from us, and that the inconveniences attending such an incongruous fyttem, mutt appear in their proper light to yoty « Stiifar we have taken the liberty to a#, and we flatter ourselves our w l meet with our approbation. " l Tfiebufiness of the Rhoufdarry ' mutt : be totally, and of the Dewannee Courts in a great meafu e, suspended, till measures are taken for the release - naent of the Cauzee; nor can we expe# the other officers of these courts to carry any orders of consequence into execution, till they are allured of fafery and protection. in the discharge of their duty/ ’

, Your Committee find, that on this offer being made by the Council, the bailiff acqqainted them, " That all the peffqns whole names are recited in the warrant, are included in the bail, and that nofeparate bail can be taken •for any one in particular; and further, that though he has brought with him a bail bond, yet he cannot, agreeable to his instructions, accept of any bail without first mentioning it, and receiving further orders from Calcutta, "

The Bailiff also informed the Council, " That his orders in this case were particularly ttri&$ and that the parties could not, as was usual for persons arrested, be allowed to remain in their own houses till the time came for conveying them away, but mutt remain in boats on the river, till he has further directions in vthat manner to dispose of them. "

Your Committee find, That in consequence of this arrett, several petitions were immediately prefen ted to the Council at Patna, as appears from the following extra# from their proceedings of the 1 £th of December, 1777.

T. Received the following arzee from G ullaum Mucdoom, Kurrum Uilah, Btfkut Uijah, and byed Mahomed Jewap, Mustees. "

: -, " You

L.

4tt PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

u You hare, no doubt, beard of the warrant for Bebader Khan, and that the bailiffs also have carried the Cauzee on board a boar, and conveyed him away. Now as there is a report prevails, that a warrant so come up for the Mustees also we being the fervgnrs of the Government, and relying upon your support alone, and ignorant of any motive or reason for such a tneafurr, request your orders how to a£h"

; " Agreed that a perwannah be wrote to the Mustees, that, ' flwuld they be seized upon by this warrant, they may rely upon receiving due ’ fopport from the Governor General and Council. *

44 Received an arzee from Abdu Rifoeed Khan, Dtroga of the Phoufdtrry Cutcherry. 1

44 Yesterday, being the i ith of Zykauff, one Mr. Savorty, an Bufopiaft, arrived at Patna with a warrant, and aitefled the Cauzee as he was returning home from court, after the dewannee adaulet was broke up, and obliged him to defeend from his conveyance and attend him, and took him fom the spotoa which he was arrested to a boat, upon which he is to be conveyed to Cab cutta. "

44 As the Cauzee and other law officers, upon whom warrant# are iflbed do not belong to the Company, nor are l ' ervants to the Company, buf areef the Phonfdarry Adaulet, which is under the Nrzamut, and this court muff be at a flop without them, and there never was an i/iftance of foe law officers being so uled before, I think it requisite to inform you of this pm - ceeding. Nuzzer Bauky Beg, the Sudder Fougedar, and Abdul Ruffed Khan, the Deroga attending the Board, represent the diffract that foils on their office from the imprisonment of the Cauzee ;, t

44 They are informed. That it is not in our power to give them any rd dress, but that we shall lay the circumstances at large before the Honourable foe Governor General and Council. ’

Your Committee find, That on the 29th of December, fifteen days afosr the arrest, during which time Behadar Beg and the Cauzee had been confined in boats on the river, the Bailiff having received his infant&fons ' frdofe Cal Cutta, bail was given to the Sheriff by the Chief and Council at Patna, in behalf of the Company, for all the defendants j and the two prisoners were

set at liberty. .. .. ..

Your Committee find. That the Governor General and Council, on being informed of these transa#ions at Patna, resolved first to"undertake the de fence of the suit on the part of the Company, and also to put in bail abort for all the defendants.

The general motive which induced the Board to offer baH fof the Cau and Mustees, may appear from the following extra# from their proceedings of the 13th of January, 1778 *

44 Resolved, That as the defendants are prosecuted so a regular and legal I# of government, in the execution of a judicial decree ( except one of them Behadar Beg, the plaintiff in the suit before the Dewannee Adtfulut at Patna, whose arrest is hot for any apparent cause ) they be supported and indemnified by Government from all confluences from which they can be legally indemnified. "

It appears, that Whatever bardship was thought to attend the ease eFBthtf dar Beg, w hose arrest the Governor General and Council, adopting the tit pfession of the Board at Patna, state to have been for no apparent catfe, yet being only a suitor in the Provincial Court, be was nor eonfidcredas Having the fame claim to the immediate protection of Government as the

officer

DEBATES.

offibeh - tf h AflMiut, whom they flute " to ktfelKn prosecuted for a re gukr and legal act of Government, in the execution of a judicial decree. But the reaWto forincluding Bebadar Beg in the bail ) feera to have arisen from the nature - of the process, and the orders of the Supreme Court there - ha, hi #eftlo8 from the previous proceedings of the Patna Council ) which left them no other alternative than that of delivering either all or none of ttodefendaats from their tmpriibnment.

It appears, that Bebadar Beg ) soon after he was bailed at Patna, was sent to Calcutta ) to surrender in discharge of his bail $ but that bail to the a&io having boen afterward given for him by the Governor General and Council ) ht remained in Calcutta at large till the month of July, when the cause being expected to come on soon after, it was thought adviseable to fend him under a guard offepoys to Patna, to remain there under the custody of the Chief and Counql, but with every Indulgence confident with security, to await the judgment of the Court.

On judgment being given, your Committee find, that the defendants were sent down from Patna to Calcutta, under a guard of fepoyS, to be furren - dered And your Committee are concerned to inform the House, that Cauaet Mahomed Sadbce expired on the journey, and that the survivors, Behadar Beg and the two Mu trees, were committed to the common gaol at Calcutta ) where they had remained many months, and Bill continued at the date of the late dispatches from that presidency, without any profpeit or « f relief but from Parliament,

Mir committee enquired concerning the circumstances and characters of the defendants ? and with regard to their circumstances find, that the evidence given at - the trial on that point, was as follows CojahZektriah fays, the defendant Cauzee Sadhee, is a great man, and deputy to Shurrut Ullah Cavvn, and is a rich man. The defendants, Muf foes Baradoolah and Gullaum Mucdoom, are in prosperous circumstances.

1 Kurrumoolah fays, the Cauzee Sadhee has ioo rupees a month. Thctie fire five Muitees, who have in all 120 rupees a month.

There was no evidence as to the substance of Behadar Beg; and it is to be observedr that the share of Shabaz Beg’s estate which he received, was only in trust for his father, who actually took possession of it.

And your Committee examined several gentlemen to this point, who in formed them that the defendants were in poor circumstances, and that m commitment till they should pay ' the damages adjudged by the Court, would amount to an imprisonment for life. And your Committee also find, that the Cauzee was above sixty years of age, that he had been Chief Cauzee of the province of Bahar a great many years, - and long before the establishment of provincial councils; that he was much respected, and that the Mustees bore the characters of learned and upright men.

Your committee find, that soon after the commitment of the defendants, petitions were presenteo to the governor general and council, dating their situation, and praying for relief. And that the governor general and council ‘did accordingly afford such relief to them, and their families, as their situa -. tion9 admitted of And your committee observe, that in the course of these communications, hopes of final and more substantial relief were held out to the defendants, from the interposition of parliament, which was represented to them as their only resource *

And your committee find. That Nadarab Segura brought another action.

on

le

4 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781P.

m account of the fame tKUila&ioxis, against Mr. Law and two other mero7, berg of the provincial council at Patna j that the governor general and council finding the suit was brought against these gentlemen. for acts dope id their public characters, thought proper to take its defence on thejmfelyes, on behalf of the company. And your committee find, that the plaintiff recovered nifo in this action j $, oqqrupees damages; which the governor general and council, from the same consideration, ordered ' to be satisfied on the part of the company. And your committee find, that an appeal was brought against this judgment - to the King in council, which they are informed if now depending. And your coin mi t tee have not found any full or fati fa < 5tory account of tjje proceedings in the Pboufdarry court, ordered by the fatp *. council, against Cojah Zekeriah, Ghyrut Beg, Enpuyet Alla Bjeg Cau&e Musjaoom, and Mahomed Evaz, for the forgery of the two iatfruments relied, on by Nadarahi Begum. Your committee &u < J > ? hat they were confined feveg months in consequence of these proceedings; but are not enabled, by any evidence before them# to ft ate the final issue of the prosecution, or whether any judgment was eyer passed upon it. And your committee find, that fotne time after judgment had been given against Bebadar Beg and the Cauzpe and Mustees, Mr. Young and Mr. Law, two members of the Patna council, pre ferred an indielmenc in the supreme. court against Nadarah Begum, Cojah Zekeriah, and other persons, whom they supposed to be her agents, for the forgery of the two deeds before - mentioned. That this indictment waf quaffed by the court for informality, and that the prosecution the#

propped.

Your committee think proper to subjoin, in this place, such part of the evidence delivered to them by the different witnesses whom they have examined, as relates more particularly to the Patna eause.

Mr. Golding informed the committee, that he knew Shabaz Beg Cawp nd Behadar Beg personally; that the nephew lived in the house with hi uocl. e ufuaify accompanied him in his viiits to the Engliff gentlemen, and was considered by them and the people, as the person whom he intended tp make hie heir; that no quarrel between the uncle and the nephew ever came to his knowledge, and did not recoiled to have heard of any; that he never heard of any quarrel between Shabaz Beg and Allum Beg, at Cabool, during. the life of the former; but that since his death such a report jyayspread, which he conceived to come from the partizanp of the tyidojy.

That be believes it is not usual for Muffulmans to take away the portiop allotted by law to the next male heir; but on the contrary, believes that Muffulmans in general give a preference to the male relations. He never heard that Shabaz Beg had such a particular attachment to hi wife, as to perfede that general preference; bur that he married at a very advanced age, and he does not know what influence his wife may have had oy. erhim.

He never heard, in the life - time of Shabaz Beg, that any application had been made to the Mahomedan lawyers, to draw up any conveyance of his

- estate in his wife’s favour. He conceived him to have been in a state of

idiotism for some time before h\s death. It was near a year before Jjis death that he saw him, and he then appeared to have loft his faculties.

- ’ That when any fair conveyance is going to be made, that tpnd ? to alter the legal fugeefiion to property, it 16 always usual to employ Mahoffpdan lawyers to draw the deeds, and the attestation of the Cauzee is indispensably necessary

to

A. S 1A ' T E S. 4 5 '

toll validity. That this tktomftance reader tfeetranfaftioH in feme degree pftbltc; that the Cauzee keeps a regiftCr of such transa&ioris; that he Deter heatdf toy report of such a conveyance being drawnot authenticated, before the death off $bab z Beg; and that in his situatiort, as it would hate been a remarkable transaction, he should probably have heard of it, if it had happened. He did not recoiled ever to have heard of arty other in fiance of a MWulman leaving hisSfortUrte by any deed of gift, executed during his life - time, from h ’ ri male heir to his wife. Being awed, under what authority, and in what character, the chief and council at Patna aft, in exercising authority ft civil felts between natives f fee said, > they act Under the authority of che governbr general and council. They lit as a court of appeal, in relation to the Dewannee Adaulut at Patna, which is superintended in rotation by a member of the provincial council. He understood tikewife, that the chief had the power of removing any cause from the Dcwaaoee Adaulut, and laying it before the provincial council at large, or even of bringing a cause before thatfeoard in the first in ( lance. That he thinks this exercise of juris - distion, both original and appellant, bar been the invariable courie since the establishment of the provincial council, and the regulations formed by Mr. Haftrogs for the conduct of the courts of Adaulut. That when a petition ia prefen ted to the chief and council, he believes, a « fee said before, that he can cither bring it immediately before the provincial council in their judicial ca - ‘ pacity, orpfefer it to the presiding member of the court of Adaulut. That ini causes of great moment, and particularly such as respect the revenue, he usually brings it immediately before the provincial council.

■ He also informed your committee, that the Mahomedan lawyers arein general held in respect by the people, and are men of good characters. That their fidariesare not large, and he cannot say how far they tore open to temptation. That they do not depend entirely on their salaries; that they have certain fees for setting their seals to instruments and deeds, and have other practice. That he does not re col left any com plaints of their corruption.

He also laid, that he was acquainted with Meer Sadhee, late Cauzee of Bahar. That he was Cauzee when he first went to Patna, but he does not know how long he had been so before. That he bore the character of a very bbheil and very humane man, and he thinks; was much esteemed by the in - ' habitants. Thar he never heard of arty complaints of corruption being carried up to his superiors against him; that he was not thought a person ignorant in his profession; and that his long continuance in his office was a proof of the contrary. That he is pretty certain the Cauzee did not derive his authority originally from the governor general and council, or any Englifti authority in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriiTa That he had no concern in the collection of the revenues, and was in no other civil office under government; and held no employment but that of Cauzee, which he held in both courts, civil and criminal That he was not servant or agent of any European, and he believes would have thought himself di ( graced by it, whilst acting in the capacity of Cauzee. He thinks he was near sixty years of age; that he left a wife, but does not know whether he had any children. Hesaid; that he had no opportunity of knowing - Meer Berkut Ullah, and Otallaum Mucdoom, except in their official characters; that be knew nothing ill of them $ the Cauzee was the person to whose opinion he paid stuft actcn - tkmi

Voi. II. lii He

Ic

4 6 PAUfAMENTARY A _ ) 8t.

He ( kid, that Cejahr Zekeriah Was considered a he widow ' s agent; He never knew > women appear in person. The agent acting under those circumstances is considered as the party herself, info much that they suffer imp Ton - m/cnt for their principal. He knew nothing of Cojah Zekeriah, until he _ appeared theofienfible manager of Nadarah Begum; and he therefore can fa y nothing of his charter.

He knew of no connection of intimacy or intere& between the Cauqjp Sadhee and Behadar Beg, which might create any iuipicion of partiality; and he believe ? there was no such connection between them. On his return to Patna, he heard no imputation of bribery against the pauzee and uftees in this cause. He believes the inhabitants consider Bchada&Beg as the right heir of Shabaz Beg He did not hear of any cruelty committed in execut - j ing the orders of the Patna council on Nadarah Begum; but he heard that ( he refitted the decree; that ( he withdrew herself to a inofque adjoining to Patna, - which i ? a m ? ufol « um, and a religious house. He informed your Committee *, that this is. a large building, appropriated to the burial unpeople of distindfion > and also contains separatre buildings, where the faquiers or prietts refute. That it i# in a very pleasant situation, admits of the bed accommodation and has one of the moil pleasant gardens adjacent to Patna.

Being a iked, what were the cir. cufnttances of the cauzee and m uftees ? he said, that he should imagine they were no better than, would enable them to ] iye decently 3 and that if they were in prison till they should pay 36, 0001. damages,. it would be an imprisonment for life. He said, that bhabaz Beg svas not an omrah of th. e empire, nor considered as a man of high distiuction. Being allied of what {landing in the company’s service those gentlemen were, who usually presided in the Dewannee Adaulut ? he ftid, feldotn under ten years, often much more. That there were some few of them who did not un -; derttapd the country languages, but that the major part of them certainly did. That the - records of the Dewannee Adayiut vyere kept in the Persian and English languages. That there are many gentlemen in the Company’s service who underhand the Persian language. That in the province of Bahar, the depositions of the witnesses are generally given in Mpociih, and taken dowp in Persian and English; and that, as far as came within his observa - tion, a majority of the Eugliih gentlemen whoprefided in these courts, were sufficiently acquainted with the Moor language, to underfiapd the depositions made before them. That there was always an interpreter attending the fu - perintending member. That the members of the provincial councils had no salary for fupeKDtending the DewaphCC court, put that he considered it as part of the duty annexed to their fiation, for which he received a salary from 500 to 900 rupees a month, according to his senioriry in council. That they were not allowed the benefit of trade, fmee the la# act of parliament; tjiac the allowance was barely equal to the expences of the fiction. Being aiked, whether Behadar Beg was considered as a farmer or renter of land ? lip laid, that $bafc > sz Beg, in his life - time; had a farm adjoining to his own ultumghaw, in the n ? me of another person, for whose regular payment of rent he was security. Thstt after his death he believes. it was continued on the fame tooting to hi ? nephew, who was, also security for the payment of the ien. r,. on the poet. of the person whose name flood in the pottah or lc ? fe; bu{ wab hhujetf ngageipem as farmer, ' he knew of.

A d

C

4

A. ij&t ' i ' ft E BAT E ti.

And being alk£d, ~}f fie knew what effect the adjudication, Which made Aimers of toe tevende And their securities amenable to the jurrfdiction of tKfc ffcrfeme Court, had upon zemindafs and monCd men in the province of l&fiar r hd said, that the court had not declared that jUrifdi&iofa white be Was in India ' 1

Mr. Law was then examined; and being asked, whetbeY there Were hpt tiftltircumfiances of unusual rigor, in executing the orders of the council against Nadafah Begum ? he said, None, ih those aftfe done by the Cauze6 and Mustees; the ltory of her being driveii from place to place, and at late forced id take ' refuge in the Durgah, is what he neveh Heard of, till he fate it in the affidavit 4raWn out at Calcutta. That ( he werit to the ' fiurgah, ik notorious, as well as that there were a variety of houses in Patna to which Ihe might have > etired, had ( he been fd disposed. She was certainly afterwards treated With rigor by the coUnrfl, iff confluence of her contumacy; and the methods taken to enforce the decree of the council, were such ak werepoihted odt by the advice of the Mahomedan lawyers, expressly taken on the occasion Being asked, what acts of contumacy he alluded to, and what was theJ rigorous process recommended by the Mahomedan lawyers ? he ftfffi, that be fpOkd entirely from recollection; that ( he refuted to deliver up the ftnnuds or patents of the ultumgbaw, the seal of her deceascdhuf - bahd <, andf to produce the female ( laves, who were neceflafy witnesses on a charge1 bf embezzlement or removal of the effects. That the, opinion of the fehofn ' edah lawyers was translated, and Hands on the Patna proceed iii s. He belle ve& guards Were recommended to be placed around her habi hftion ' to prevent all Communication with her, till ( he complied with the de - cHe; That he conceived this order extended to prevent the conveyance of atty fbbd to herl; it Was meant to reduce her to the absolute necessity of obedience. Be. ng asked, whether he heard, before ( lie retired to the £ ) urgah that ( he had been locked out of all the apartments of her hu ( band s house, obliged to go into a privy, and driven from thence, half naked, into a bazar Ot market ? he laid, These are circumstances that he never heard of, of knew, till he saw them drawn out in English at Calcutta, where he believe them to have been fabricated, in order to heighten her supposed distrefsi In regard to her being ( hut out of her apartments, he conceived it scarce probable, from the plah of Mahomedan houses. The women’s as well as the men s apartments Usually consist of a delaun or hall opefi to a court, with two {mail coutra, or dark rooms, for keeping goods; and it is in these dofets, ' and not in the open hall, where goods are oepofited; therefore the ( hutting up of these closets would have been a vefy little inconvenience tohilft the hall, which Could not be ( hut up, was free ' to her. He does not rtmembef any formal complaints lodged before him, of ahjr acts of illegal violence offered to this lady.

He fays, the Durgah, to Which the widow Yetired, is a vety extensive in - doiure, divided into a number of courts, with walks, trees, and fountains, inhere p ' cople. fortietirHes rdfort for pleasure : that it is inhabited by a religious order of meh, called Faquiets; the head of the establishment has a large Koufe. There are apartments for Faquiers, and also for travellers; and there iTa large estate allotted for its ' suppoit, which is, he underdands, between 20 and $0, 60$ rupees or between a and 3, oo61. ‘ a year.

. 1 fria He

4 1

PAR LI £tyEJjTT. AftY A. ijSt.

He {kid, that he was acquainted with Caqzee Sadhee—Tk t he foaad him \n that office in the year 1767, when he first went to patna, and understood he had been there fame time—That he was universatiy respeded - r and nring his residence, he never heard any impeachment of his character. That no complaints agafoft him, for corruption or insufficiency, had been laid before the Patna council; and he never heard of any being laid before the head Cauzce, the Naib Soubah, or the governor general and council; and he thinhs it was not the dread of his power which prevented Atch complaints, but that the probity of his conduct gave no room for them—He was a mild, moderate manr and never interfered beyond the strict line of his office, nor attempted to acquire power or influence—He was a map very much beloved— He believes had no connection with Behjtdar Beg, and questions, whether he ever spoke with him - before the mltituuon of this suit—That he never heard of any quarrel between him and Nadarah BegUm, ‘ and does not sup - pose there ever was one.

, That the Mustees Bara&oolah and Gullaum. Muc < k > omr. were the Mu ftee$ retained by the Company, and he had occasion frequently to fee them a&isg m their judicial capacity—That he never heard any ill of them— - That he never heard any surmise of Nadarah Begum’s preferring any complaint against the Cau qe and Mustees, on account of corruption in her cause,. until ( he charged them with it in the affidavit on which the fuk commenced, and hopes wefe then expressed of their ability to prove itr but k was not attempted on the trial—He does not know, whether the judges called for such - proof; Being aftedy Whether he attributed the depopulation of Babar to the ignorance and venality of the native magUferates, and men of thp. lawP ' he laid, by no means j he supposes the performs who fill the law offices at. present, are as learned and upright as they were twenty years agpy whep jrbe province exceeded probably its present population by one; third.

And being asked, Whether he obfefved in the provinces, a general desire of the natives to be pqt under the demotion of the English law, and the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court ? He said, that he believed there was nothing which they dreaded more, because they did not underfUnd the principles upon which the English courts acted, and as far as they ha T any know ledge of the English law, they found it totally repugnant to their manners, religion, and customs. Being asked, Whether they did not know, if they were made subject to the English law, there w. s > an extensive authority lodged in the hands of four gemiemen of great learning, to relieve them from oppressions of the English and native magiftiates ?. He answered. That he does not believe they had any fuciv knowledge, or if they had; shat they wished tomakeufeof it—He believes they were better contented with their country courts, with all their imperfedions, than with the prospect of any thing beneficial that they might find by resorting to the English Court.. And be - - ing alkcd, Whether the beneficial effects of this cqpr mighr nc be artfully kept from their knowledge ? He said, he thinks it was totally impossible And being alke ^, If they did not know that there were BnglHh lawyers, men of ability, and able atrornies, who might assist them in taking the benefit of ti e English laws, and put them on a better footing than when they pleaded their owri causes in their own courts ? He said, he believed ’ they liked better to pie id their own causes in their own courts, near their owp homes, at no expence, by themfeLves x > r their agents in a manner they comprehended,

‘.. than

As

- I ? E; B : A T £. Si

4 9

ihan to troff their caijfes to pstfops they did not know, to be canned. through acoort, the rules of which they were totally ignorant of, m a foreign ltm zuage at a vast diffance, and where, whether they gained or loll their suits, they were sure of an heavy expence—He does not mean to infer, that they Ihonght lightly of the Knglish law, or its professors; but the whole was nof edited to their society, and was beyond their cOmprehension. Healfo said f that he imagined the right of ’ appeal to the King in Council could not be generally ’ known < $ and that delay and distance would prevent them from taking much benefit from it. Being a Iked, What were the expenees the suit be - taeen Behadar Beg and Nadarah Begum at Patna ? He said, that he doet hotkoowof any expenees besides what. might be paid to the Peons, that might ha placed as a guard over the effedb \ the court being supported by the Com -, ptny, parties are freed from other charges.

He bolirres the first notice the Cauzee and Mustees had of the proceedings them,. was the arreff of the Cauzee and Behadar Beg; they were put onboard boats to be carried to Calcutta; they requestedto be allowed to go to ihiif houses, and to have trme for arranging their affairs; ' the provincial offered, bail, but the bailiff would not take it till he had written to Calcutta for instructions, which took up 16 days; during which time ' the prifoapj remained on the river, with very indifferent accommodation— ' That the artfjtft of the Cauzeeoccalioned a general alarm on the minds. of thepeo pier which came to His knowledge by the apprehenlmn expseffcid by all the officers of governm ’ enf/and Vmnober of other independent people redding at Patna—That the number of inhabitants at Patna does not exceed $0, 000.

‘ He believes it was hot usual, according to the course of proceeding i that country, to arreff the native magistrates without previous notice of a complaint against them—That the Cauzeeand Muftee3 had np specific notice of thediftin& matters on which they were to justify themselves, nor could they form any idea of the nature of the offence laid to their charge, nor of what would be useful of proper for their justifieation—That if the council had not int rposed to bail them, it would have been totally opt of their power to get bail to that amount at Patna; and they muff have been carried to the public jjjKbri at Calcutta.

j ’ SThat afterwards, in"order to their being delivered up by their : bail, they Wtrefent for by the council, and acquainted with the decree of the Supreme Court, and told, that they muff, be conduced to Calcutta, to be delivered up to the court; and they were accordingly, within two or three days after they wer acquainted with the order, put under a military guard, and conveyed in hbits to Calcutta; and so ? ne time after, the officers from the ffnritf came to Patna, and seized their houses and effect ?, which were publicly put up to laid —Thatbefides the property belonging to ' the persons who were immediately raties, complaints were made to him ( Mr. Law ) of villages and houses belonging to their friends and relations being also seized, and amongst them vil -

Sior which rent was due to the Company—That such accidents are liable tppen, as the sheriff is left to grope his way in the dark. The dfe& of [ thisfeizure and putting up to sale, of the property of the Cauzee ? nd Muf -, tees, upon the minds of the inhabitants of Patna, was, to throw them into utter affoniffiment; as they knew not wherein the criminality of thefie ’ ma giffrates confided, several of their relations absconded and fesreted themselvesj left they ftidtild also be copfidered as delinquents. '

* •. .. .. .. .. Xn

430 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 178L

' Th consequence of this transaction, the performance of the duties of the office of Cauzee was, for a time, suspended, till the brother of the late Cauzee was appointed in his station, and other Mustees were appointed in the room of those who were gone. It was with some difficultyjmat the Cauzee’s brother would accept, being apprehensive, that by being placed in the fame office as his brother, he might be liable to the fame kind of treatment by process from the Supreme Court.

Being a Iked, what became of Cauzee Sadhee after he was delivered up by his bailr He said, he was in ati ill state of health when he left Patna, and that he died in his passage to Calcutta—He never heard his death attributed to his being taken down to Calcutta to gaol; but as he was an infirm old man, about sixty years of agd, and had been ill for some time before, how far his removal from his family, and travelling upon the water, might have an effefl in hastening his death, he could not pretend to say.

' Being asked, whether he had ever heard of any quarrel between Shabai Beg and Allum Beg his brother, or Behadar Beg his nephew/ which migSt induce Shabaz Beg to disinherit his male heirs in favour of hid wife ? He said, he remembered seeing Allum Beg some years ago at the house of his brother, Shabaz Beg, to whom he was come on a visit from Cabool; and that he never heard of their having the lead misunderstanding—That Behadar Beg came at an early age to live with his uncle, and not liking the cortfini - ment of his family, ' went to Benares, or perhaps further, in order to return to Cabool; but was invited back by his uncle, with whom he afterwards lived upon the bcft terms, till his uncle’s death, which happened some years after the event abovememioned—That he ( Mr. Law ) had frequent occafibn, jfluring the iHnel ' s of Shabaz Beg, to receive application from Behadar Beg, as the representatlVe of his unde—That it is not ufuaf among Muffulmansjrb takeaway the pnrtion allotted by law, from the next male heir, in favour6f their wives—That the Mahomedan law disapproves of any dlflributton of property different from that established by theiv custom and that he does not recoiled any inftnoce, during his long residence in that country—That he knew Shabaz Beg from his fiflt arrival at Patna; he had been in the military service of the East - India Company, and he believed in no other : the highest station he had ierved in, was that of RofToldar, or commander of a troop of boric; he knew not in what inferior stations he might havelerved; the troop he commanded was broke soon after the conclusion <; f the war with Cofiim Ali Cawn; and when he ceased to have any command, he had some allowance regularly issued to him, from one of the brigade pay matters *, as half - pay, which was latterly paid him from Calcutta; he law his last receipt, but does not recoiled the amount; he believes it did not amount to zoo rupees a month.

Being examined as to the nature of the Dewannee Adaulut, and aftecj > of how ma ' ny years Handing in the service gentlemen usually are who preside in them ? He informed the committee, that few acquire a feat in the provincial councils in lets than ten years, some more; and they preside by rotation in the Dewannee Adauluts—That they in general understand the country language, and there is always an interpreter who is a proficient in the ? Petfian language, to explain any papers or matters which the presidenr mfcy not be sufficient matter of the language to understand——Of late years; h£ provincial. ' chief has notpreftded in the Dbwdflaee Adaulut—Thetirft appeal lies front the

Dcwan -

A. f T > ~. E B A T E S. 45

Dewannee Ataul u t, to the provincial chief and council at large; he has known i many appeals brought before them, and several infiances of judgments of the inferior courts being reverted. Being asked, whether he had ever heard of any - person presiding in a Dewannee Adauiut, having farmed out the profits of his illation for a certain fu : n ? He said, he never had; nor did he think such a thing ' possible, for where there is an immediate appeal to - the council, it would answer no end—That if such a proceeding were to be made the subject of a complaint to the governor general and council, a severe foruriny would be made into it,. and the offender, if found guilty, wouhi be dismissed the service with disgrace.

cBeingalked, whether he had known instances of complaint to the governor and council against the Company ’ s, fervaots employed in any cavil capa - city He said, hctytnew Several bad been made, and that in fuchcate otiher gentlemen had been appointed to examine the complaint, and lay their proceedings before the governor general and council; and that if the complaint was just, they have difovifTed the offender.

Being asked,. whether it was the custom for the native officers of justice to receive nrefents from litigants ? He said, the practice had always been re probated in the Dew. anneecourts; and though it had, and might ftilJ, in fame degree, prevail, he believed the in fiances were very rare—He conceived, that evfji before the estabUshment of the English courts, preterits made previous to the decision of the suit, were considered as corrupt, and meant to influence ’ she judgment of the magistrate, however authorised by custom.

, Being asked, if the natives considered it as a great hardship to be obliged to pleiad to the jurisdicttion of the Supreme Court ? He answeved, they cer+ tdaly must i because, as ' the matter - now stands, they are liable to be conveyed away by an abrupt seizure, from their family and friends, to leave their a£ « f rs quite unsettled, to be carried to the difiance of 500 miles, and there, if they cannot find bail, which, from distance and other circumstances, must frequently happen, they are thrown into the common, gaol; and all this pro ccfs. upon the simple affidavit of any person whatever .; whether he is a mats of credit, or not, forms no part of the question; it is sufficient if it be declared on oath, that the person prosecuted is within the jurisdiction of the court $ after some months confinement, should it appear to the court that he was not within its jurisdiction, he is discharged from gaol without any compensation;. though if he Was a renter under government, It is probable that his farm ufpuld be gone to ruin, or put into other hands from a deficiency of payment; it is well known, that the ryots in such cates would take advantage of the absence of the renter, to evade payment; so that, in fact, a man is severely punished before it is known whether he is amenable to the court or not.

The act of seizing a man of rank, very much degrades him in the opinion of men of alidades; and is, he iq > prehends, a citcumftance which, under the Mahometan government, would never happen, but upon proof of great delinquency.

It is not uncommon in the country courts to give security in the nature of bail $ sometimes the security is personal, and sometimes to answer for the amount of the damages decreed, or which may be decreed *

Being asked, whether some gentlemen, against whom an action was brought by Nadarah Begum, did not prefer bills ot indictment against her and Zeke nah, apd other persons, witnesset to the Persian deeds produced in the cause

T ' He

4} PARL5 A ' ME T # Liy « i/

HejGud * if induShnent was preferred by Mr, Young and hhafelf again & her,

and those whom they considered as her agents io the forgpry. And being aifced whether he thought himself jufiifiea in prosecuting natives of India, who were not in the service of Europeans, in the Supreme Court ? he said, certainly, in, the present case; for the qneflion with him was, whether three innocent men should suffer perpetual impriiownent in the gaol at Qalcutfc ? or whether those persons who had retreated from their own laws, and had chefen the English laws, feould, as well ts the benefit, be liable to the feve - ri y of it f Upon that ground, he thought himself fully justified in undertaking the prosecution j be fide s which, he conceived himself in a manner called upon by the chief justice; and begs leave to refer to an extra# of his ininute to the civil cause, delivered in to the governor general and council.

He said, the bill of indi#ment was found by the grat# jury, but asser - wnvds quafeed by the court before trial; and that a petition was presented by. Nadarah Begum, for a. copy of the indictment, in order to commence an eftion for a malicious prosecution; which was neither granted nor refused by the court, though he particularly requested a docifion, as he was then about quitting India.

In the pourse of this examination before your committee, Richard Bar - well, Esq. a Member of this House, who was of the council general of Bengal during the time of the proceedings in the Patna cause, was afleed, who ther he remembered any thing of the Patna case ? He said, be certainly did, it was a matter of too much magnitude to have escaped his memory, but the particulars of it he had not examined, or read within this twelvemonth. Being a < kedt if the ultimate decision of the Patna cause, with all its efie&s. andconfeouen ce », was pleating and popular with the body of the natives, as an a# of substantial and exemplary justice ? Said, he did not believe it wn pleating; he had heard many of the natives fpoak with lirong disapprobatkm of the decitien *

Mr. Harwell being aiked, whether the Qauxees, Mustees, MouJavies, and Punditsr are remarkable for their corruption and ignorance in the laws they profess ? Said, the principles of the ' Mahomedan doctors he bad heard questioned, but he never heard them charged as remarkable for corruption or ignoranoe the Hindoo law expounders, or pundits, are a very extraordinary set of men; they profess to hold little or no property, and depend upon the comotunky in which they live; and said, he, believed these people beyond the reach - of bribery, and that they are referred to upon ail occasions when the questions of property are complicated. Being aiked, if it was not thought that the native expounders of the law, whether Mahomedan or Hindoos,

were frequently influenced by Englifti gentlemen, to pive false expositions of the law ? Said, that he had he rd this sflemd, but itl no instance in appeals v that ever came before the couit, did he ever detedf the native expounders of the law, whether Mahomedans or Hindoos, giving a false expofmon of the law—That many appeals came before the governor general and council. Being aiked, whether the member of the provincial councils pcefiding in the courts of Adaulur, were suspected of venality, or any other corruption in their judgments i Said, that the institution of the Courts of Adaulut was calculated to preclude any improper influence in the European judges; the state of Society in England ', and the principles that dire# mankind, he believes hire. the fame weight ave the minds of men

Abroad -

A ia * Vfc b; A : t ej a < ? 43 *

tftroaA~3fe d/5rt « otfretfolleft act, - indances of : corrupt0 Ja > thd jik}gfcsaof thd. dtturts o$ fAdaulut. Being aiked, if : he had ever heard any indance of a mem Her of a ’ jrtwvincialgcottncil : ftiKng the emoluments arising from the Adaulut over which bt presidevjn rc < cu ? Said, that he did not know of aitf, sbte he ? Iqnfevf of any advantagtvof office to bodisposed of Being aiked HfeTrOw his knowledge of thd ' CQtmtryj bet couldfyyrvvhethewhe natives ’ have < fcmfide ceitntheprovindab Adah luts ? ’ Said, hie was of opinion they hatha ho did not ! behove they wifliedfro fubtitotc; she supreme court in thcplace ofi gte provincial Adaulut. Being; laflfed, - whetherjfce thought they woitld ' wiflv thwt them appeal should liefroro the provincial. AdaUlut to the go vernorgye *. •erai r ndi osioeti, or to supreme court ? j Satdy ht believed they iwttihfe prefer it to be to the governor general and council; a Ample infitution ftod stdirtdbond inftsntsneous - administration 6f justlte, \ determines tbia preference, for it m nft J > edndifffefent 1o the nanvei what fct of men administer juf - mt ti g aiked, whether they;. might not tflhftder the - fepreme ' court ' as g rd wparthilrhec use left conceded with the government. of the country, dr With the Intrant s eethe oortlpany ? Said he believed they thougfcfrdbefn - preme court rery impartial; $he realahjed on tathecourt arofei he beHevety from the difficulties the natives are subject to in the profeoution of ithfffc {trims « n < ! r dii$ertnt language, dnd in the maaotiof : the law —they apeallac - Cpflomed to ’ plead their own causes in their own edurts. it MajovReurtel being examined as to the general edimatlon in which, the adminidfcationx > f justite in the country, courts held by the natives; and leing agmdAwhether the Cauzees and Mustees, and Indian professors of law ajr « ictoWl repute in that country I He said, he doe not, recollect bearing any thing for or against their characters—That he has often beep in their cenaparty, wfcs told the nature of their office, and has seen them treated u&th aefped *. Being aiked, whether thatrespect appeared to him lobe the effect of fear or of opinion ? He £aid, of opinion - r—That the people of Bengal kOM riMhe - teatned and religious : with veneration; a veneration not eahly fonceiyed by thofewho have not been in that country ) which would hardly W prid fbthtm if - they were cotilidefed as generally eorrupt. - tieing aiked, if the were dissatisfied with the course of justice, as administered ac -

cording tct > their own laws and ulages ? He said, by nonneapfr; and by what. be, has tekmtfrom them, the administration of justice in their country count ftunc now as it, was under the Mabomcdan government — That he believes they do not delire ’ a better;. n6r dpes he luppose they evec S&d, vbockuie they are so excefeding 1 y attaphed to their own manners and ettf - tems that they have fcarec an idea of a better - mode. Being aiked, whether they are < not, cor fide red as entirely, unde ? the influence of Engl ilh gentlemen, who prchde in the provincial courts ? He said, they are in common drith all the rest of the in habitants of the province; but that the people do not com plan of not obtaining justice orr account of the influence of the provincial council over the Cauaees and Mustees. ' t

Your committed having proceeded to examine into the circumftaoce of an a‘brought by Gora Chund Dutt, vei - ius William Hosea, and others, so far as the papers before thenrenabled them to dofo; and perceiving that this ease refembied, in lbme measure, the case of Nadarah Begum against Be - badar Begi wd others, which ahe committee have; just teported but that the V§l « Kkk judg -

PARLIAMENTARY.

Judgment 6f ' thdfapreptcourt was nottheftnrie fa both cases They wfl Gate generally 16 this pface, Chat the aAMtowai bfought by the plaintiffagafaft Mr. Hosea, who was member of the provincial touncil « t biuxadabad, sad Roy Dulafoy, Deform bfthatthVifibn, on account of a&tdone fa the exeeo tion of adeCrce of the Dbwahnee Adaulut, in which be prided; that dfe aftiou was defended by the governor general and council J and that a plea of odt guilty, witba nbnceofjufllfication, as in the Patna case, was given in by the defendant. And your committee think it proper to transenbe in dm place, tome words, ( faced fatheteport of the company ' s tfortwy, rahara &H n from the chief justideid that canfe, that the Hfettfe may be the betm dOabled to timferifanri hbw far the circumAatfocO tufft the judgment th the me. daufescomi ond with or varied from each other. "

Extra# pom tformat of Mr. NorthNbytor stttmry to the company Hi tit

' v ‘ : imp, Gor Chukd Date Hofem and other *.

The chief jamlce ibid, 4i That in case of ( hits lnfHmted before the pro - ' vintsal oouhena, except m erits of mhnifeft corruption, the court will not enter kwh the regularity of the proceedings w and he afterwords Add, i doaot think h the oiwooe of this court to enquire into the imguferity of the cotartYptaceVdfogs. ".. s

Andyourcommi teej in porfuit of the object referred to their inquiry, proceeded to investigatrtbe circutirftakices of a dispute whichhrappenedm the province of Dacca, fa4 the month of September, 1777 { which they J > ro - pose tofhtefcrHy, as it will fumifli anilkrftratfon of the eff s produced ty the feddende of an attorney of the fepfemecoVirt m a difomc province,; and the interrupt ion given to the Odmmidrltion of criminal justicein the country courtsby his proceedings;

It appears to your ctxnmhtee, that the city of Dacca is a rich and pop tons temm, and the capital of the above - mentioned province, which Terms bneoF the grand prdvincial dmiions of Bengal; yielding to the EalModk company an annual revenue of about 3$o, ooool. r{lerling, and one of themed flourUhing parts of the conn try for its trade and valuable manufa£hir ». And it appears, that for the civil administfatton of this, as of alt the Other grand provincial divisione, and for the collession of the rdvenuwtlteriof, there tm and ’ is provincial chief and council, a irfg under the orders of rife governor general and cmracil; exchidve tof a commercial chief, whdfe duty was conflaed ’ to the mercantile concerns of the company, and who was placed trader the orders of the board of trade at Catcdtfa. That there was a court for deciding on matters of property, stiled the Dewannee Adaulut j farihfcli til the members of the councrliat srs judges by rotation, attehded by the provincial dew an ( except the chief, who never fac hr that couTt; with an apprd in all cads ro ' the provincial chief ' and council, and in sums exceeding one thousand rupees, or aboutT © !. to the governor general and council.

Thar all revenue causes, and all claims to the inheritance of lands paying to the government an annual revenue of mdfe than one thouihod rupees, and In particular cases, suits upon private property, were heard in tttf first ihftance, by the provincial council at large, wirh the affidance of Various officers of the revenue department, and by persons learned in the Matoffl 4 ebth or Hindoo laws, as the claimants might be of the one or the other feli - fpon. i$nd dll matters of cftmin&l juriloictionwere under the fair cpgni

A/ ! ? *

i > a t i s;

43i

prince of a court, filled the Fhoufiliriy, or criminal court, consistiffg of M provincial phoufdar or criminal judge, a darogha qr superintendant, and injurious officers learned in the Mahometan laws. That this criminal cooil

does notderive its authority directly from theugoVertior general and council, nor ate its officers directly nominated by them; the court itself is a remnant of file ancient country government, and its forms, rules, and modes ofjpHK openings continue nearly the fameasthey had been during the prevalence df be Mogul empire. The periods who acts in; that court, are appointed ly the Haib Subah, or Nabotrs deputy, and report their proceedings to tSat fipperior vnagifirate, to be confirmed or revifea as to him shall seem pippet yUthout the known interference of any other power, and without markable matter or cause of complaint for abuse ? or Failure of jofiice.

' And on this footing, criminal jullipe continued to be afiimnifiefed trn l file middle of the ytar 1 777, when Mr. Samuel Peat arrived at Dacca.

Your committee find, that the said Mr. Peat acted as an attorney, at few of the supreme court of Judicature; he was also a mailer extraordinary in tbit Court, for the purpose of taking affidavits, upon which writs of capias heii kjiifd, and afterwards executed by him and his Tenants, in quality of dt - puty sheriff. For the particular circumstances of Mr. Pears arrival at Dacca, md the first complaints of inconveniences arising from his proceedings ypuf Committee refer to the cor refjxmde nee of the governor general ana council With the provincial council of Dacca, and with 5tyr. Justice Hyde.

• Your committee have thought it necefihry to prefix the foregoing of &provincial government o ? Dacca, which is finiilar to that or the other KOTircial divisions of Bengal} as it may enable tfye House more perfectly ta tthderfiand the circumstances of this dispute, and various other matters of Mwhich will be submir ' ted ro their consideration in this report,

, And your committee find, that in the month of September, 17 ? the said fpute arose at Dacca, between the officers of the supreme court of ' judica lure and the provincial criminal court, stiled the Phouxdarry, in consequence of a process of arrefi issued by one of the judges of the fnpreme court, at the fuitof a person called Khyru Pyke ( meaning a servant or messenger ) agalifi ‘zgjrnairt, the dewan or principal public officer of the provincial criminal Fgc dr phoufdar. of Dacca, for trespass and fglfe imprisonment, in which it of; en thousand rupees, or about one thousand pounds sterling, were re guired,

. And. your committee find, that the person of the said Jaegemaut not jog beep secured by a native called Doondy, acting as bailiff upon t$at duty, Snd his party, Mr. Peat, the deputy sheriff refidingin that city, went sp person to t be house of Syed AJly Cawn, the provincial phoufdar, or cri biinai magistrate, which he forcibly entered by breaking down the gate of the house, accompanied by a Wrge number of attendants; that a fray arqSr la the court of the said house, in the course of which Mokurrim Ally Cawn, fee rather of the phoufiiar, was wounded on the head with a long sword by ©DO of Mr. Peat s attendants, and Meer Hoffain Ally, the brother - in > law of the phoufdar, was vety dangerously wounded in the body by Mr. Peat him Jfclf with a pistol ( hot.

.; Andyoor committee find, that the first intimation of this disturbance was conveyed to the provincial chief by a perfiap fetter frota the provincial

Kkk

PARLIAMENTARY 1781.

phoqftkr, Sg > emb r. t ^. sQtb, 1777 jroii « Dg, that Dooood/t with bh people, had attempted to seize apd c rry - away Jaggtimaut/ ' liU devvan or. PCwkar ( meaniriga principal fwvant of bi$ court ); that he had informed foooondy, that the officers of his department were not amenable to the jurisir di£tion of the Supreme, court of judicature; that seeing Dooudy caM together, almotl fifty people, he ordered the gate to be fattened; that Doondy’s peo - pie were attempting to force the gate, and throwing bricks into the house, and had plundered the palamquin hou fe; and if. ( which God forbid ) they shou - ld force the gate, the honour of his women would be affectd, which he held - more valuable than life. The fetter concluded, with requiring a. reafoa for those oppressions, ana a demand for justice *

And your committee find, that before any answer could be Sent to the phoufd i; s letter, wthe provincial chief ‘received a letter from ’ Mr. Feat, acquainting him, that refinance had been made to a process served under hi directions as deputy fhpriff upon the abovfc - mentioned Jflggernaut; that he wae attacked by am n with a flvord and target, and in his defence ffiot the man 5 and denring fepoys might be sent to guard him, or take him into custody, and to securethe person who had been arrested.

A letter was written of imilar import to Lieutenant Cowe, commaniiin officer of the militia, acquainting him, moreover, that a wegiedt to fend him ( Mr. Peat ) the affiltance. he required, would render Lieutenaqt Cowe a party in the refinance. r

And your committee ( ftad, that the measures taken on thatoccasion by the chief, jverej to Sena Surgeon to examine thp wound received by Meet Hofiain; to tfation a npihary guard over Mr ! reat s house, as well to secure him from rrjoleflation, to prevent his escapd in case the man should die ;, and to detach £ rcinfor emept of militia to the phoufdar, to keep the peace Of thetchy. V

’ v Advice of th ' cfc trapfadliops wra$ immediately sent to the governor general jnd council by the provincial council; who fey, that "If Mr Feat fliou 4 produce or Jend. auy qSbisMajdlyV writs to them, formally requiring their jdfiftante, they, certainly shall consider themselves as bound to comply. *

And. your committee find, t hat two d$ys afterwards, being the 2jzd of Sep ' tember,. the phou/dar attended in persons at the meeting of the provincial counci ^; ' to whom he delivered a long representation, in his own name, on the subje£f of this disturbance; Hating the circumstances and progress there - of, aytd. Supporting the fiqne by testimoniflk under the Signature ., of various person ? who were present at the time. In all which It is affirmed, that he was fitting in his dewancounah ( or hall of audience ) with Several of hi Ti tends, nd the public officers of his cours ? when I ooudy, on the part a ? fr. Peat, \ttemp; ed to Seize his dewan or clnef/eryant, in a contemptuous r. d dtfieSpedtful rrttnner; and that no ' wiit of Warrant was produced by him, ofhy Mr, Peat himself, either before or after he had forcibly etiterkd the house. And the said representation of the phoufdar conclude i n the following manner; ~r£mlemen, are the ruler ' s of the country : on an en - quiry, order justice, Excepting over the servants of the company, and the Koglish, a warrant has noauthority. ’ What critne have I committed, that frny hoafe Should be entered and plundered also, thfit my father, brother and other men, inhabitants of the oitv, wl\o had come on a visit, Should be andditgVaccd ^ pfay for justrce. J " ' v

* - : a. Ani

? Vk, ' E B. A T : E; Si

A ojr. cGrnnHttee - perceive, in the copfultations of the piwacialfcoun -; ® picca, that an the fame day Jaggernaut surrendered himself to them, ? tpng fprtby That he had never seen any warrant pretehded to be served ypop bin ); that he meant no difrefped to the court nor any way to elude that he was a servant of the phoufuarry court, and ready toaofwer in the ourxs. Qf the country to any charge that could be laid again# him; tlwt he did $pt underhand the rules of the EnglHh court, nor was under it iqrbclitfUon ;, that if security was required for him, he would give it; and that the behaviour of Mr, Peat’s ieniautdar ( Doondy ) towards him, arose from jpriy ? ^; pique and refen {mem, " &c. At. the same time referring to written, representation he then delivered in.

And your committee find, that this disturbance caused a ceflaition of crimU nal. jjLiftice infthe province of Dacca; as the phonfdar declared, 44 he did intend ., tpb ^, vetfat in public court Oh the aift; but. that every thing now was Arowjyiufp, d ilate of confufiou, and he could not think of going to prefab in a court if justice, when he was not safe, even in hisQwn house, from the of ^. ffvthe Engtifycourr. " ^. : TV.

_ A d your commute find, that the provincial council at this period wrp$6 to Mr. Peat, acquainting him of Jaggernatit’s surrenderj his denial of hav -; rngiV n - t ie ATit, or. knowing the subject thereof; and his decoration, that Ke. w/s nqtpmenable to the court’s juritdiction. The provincialcouncil here - Upmuimy med Mr. Pear, that it is their duty, from the Nations they hold, to / take ev. ry pqffible me sure for maintaining the peace of the city afidpro Tinea j thatja grinaut is. a. principal, ieryant in the provincial pHoufdarry fourt that the phouJ ' dar hqs, at all times, bad a considerable. military fore gt h. is command; and that. both the pfioufoarry officers and that force are entirely independent of the autfiqrity of the provincial council. And they conclude, ibr th$fe < nd. other leafons there assigned, with expressingtheif wdfi qnd rpquest. Ha : no further process n ight qe made, or rae. ifur$& taken, upuiju anj 4 hey c ' uld rece yc the orders o;. j heirrespective, superiprs; hpld -

3s g theruf lv s apfwerable, during - tfic interim, to produce the person of ( aggerna t, whenever it : lhpuId, b ? required.

.. Inanswer, Mr. Pea : acquainted the provincial council, he had opt the lea# 4 use jtfiai the legal ar - reil of Jaggeruaur, his contemptuous tearing of the qdjhi subsequent refeue, would all Jbe fully and frtisfa&orily proved at p p ope lime and place; that Juggernaut fiad been thought an object of jhq, jprifdtction of, the supreme court by the judgC ho prderpd ihe writ to jfifue; h/q could, accept no 04her fxurity tfian - the fiondof the defendant, juad. cv o. ofher responsible peilons; tfiat. it. was the duty of the ( fieri#te. cxe - pute tjhe; propefs of the court, whether such process be right or not; and if the defendant is not in the jurisejuft on of the court, he should plead it, and the execution of the process, or endeavour to escape. And the jett r concludes. with hoping, that as the military force under the phoufdar are ' the forces of the Company the gentlemen of, the board will think pro ipr to acquaint the phoufdar, that such military force should not be employed in refifiing legal. ’ utfiorfty. f

rr And. your committee fcn < J, Mbat after these and other letters had pafledbe - iw t lip mcial council apd Mr. Peat ( particulars of all which are 4m er d ' aJtjlength in the papfrs (. annexed tg. thi ^. repor ;, No. 8 ) the provincial V * council.

43 PAUL I AMENT ARY A. t

c Ufully }V < Wfi fMttflgs assigned in their consultatiotw, refbtred, ( ns the mossi •ffeCftial mode of preserving tranquillity, " to depute two members of tbdr dwn bcSM d to attend Mr. Peat in person, with Juggernaut. ’ The refuh of whkh interview was, that Jaggernaut, after offering to make affidavit that be had never seen the writ in question ( which affidavit Mr. Peat refnfed tt > c « Ve ) was given into the custody of Mr. Peat and released by him upooi executing a bail bond, jointly with the two members of the provincial coun -. Oil, for the sum of ten thou land rupees; but at the same time protesting si gainst, and denying, that he was an objeCf of the juris iiflion of the supreme Obuft. The grounds of which declaration were more precifdy let forth in a written protest, afterwards served upon Mr. Peat by Jaggernaut, dated the ensuing day.

And youf committee obferVe, that in this transaction Mn. Peat acted in the two fipveral capacities before mentioned, as an attorney in the supreme court, md ' ffierifTa deputy; and that the bailiff who went to serve the process of the OOtM ' rupon Jaggernaut, was Mr. Peat’s servant.

It likewise appears, that some petitions of natives, which cfo not tmmedi * tety belong to this bead of enquiry, were written by persons held under pen finement in Mr. Peat’s house.

And the business being brought to this point, your committee find, tha$ the provincial council communicated the whole of their proceedings, by let ter, to the governor general and council, dated September a a, 1777 $ in whiph they yepresent the motives of the condufl they have observed; the tr < regularity and bad tendency of Mr. Peat’s proceedings; the hardship and dif - ffciilt situation of the phoufdarry officers, who had been instru&ed by thei immediate superior, the Naib Subah, that they were not liable to thejuriP diction of the supreme court 5 the realsubjedt of the suit against Jaggernaut, for adfcs done by him in his official capacity, as far as, they were then able tq difeov r it. And they conclude with the following paragraph : 4 ? It is fitting we should point out to your notice, that all criminal justice is at a Hand, and fee ms not likely to be resumed until the decisive conference of the present disputes shall be publicly declared and known. It touches to the very eaciu lence of government throughout the province, that the juri ( Hi&ton of the phoufdar, arid his superior, the Naib Subah, be admitted free from all doubt Or ambiguity. How, otherwise, can it be supposed a phoufdar will perform imy fttn&ion of his office ? How presume to execute a criminal convicted and fenteoctfd to death by the established laws of the government and his celi •gion, if he is liable himself to ( land to actions of damages, as in the present fttit against the dewan, or to answer to a criminal accusation, for any punHh mebt he may infliCf, before the supreme cbtht of judicature, whose judges fere bound by their oaths to judge according to the laws of England The pe - lial system of Mahomedan jurisprudence admits of punishments not known to the laws of our own country, or known to them only as the description of offences which may be capitally puniflted. Paint to yourselves, gentlemen, the anarchy and distrafciion which may arifej if the present uncertainties art not effectually removed. "

And it appears, that before ' the provincial councill b d received any orders ffldhTthe presidency, Jaggernaut left Dacca, and proceeded to Calcutta, that benight be tit hand to receive orders from his immediate superior, the Naib

Bubals

jed

0 AE ' fc A T E S.

$A frt 6r to WitWer atiy ’ awriKDB i the govefnot general and council might ft vetos& hint. '

' Add your oh « ffllttdb‘fitoki, that wMlft these ineafures were putfuifijg Iff Dacca, a letter wfcf v/i4fttki to lieutenant CoWe ( who, in the application ( Me military force he cotttrfftimted, had adkd under the dtre&ion ? of the ▼hfeial chief ) from IWi Jttfltee Hyde, one of the judges of the ftrpftmi Court; which ha# been Verified to your committee by Mr. Cowe, nqjr U England, end which yon tcommittee ' judge it expedient to insertin thirplact

r " sW, : ’, r *

By wbdr I hate Heard, I prefeme you will receive orders by the post. to ? n % ht, to give aififtanceto Mr. Peat in afrefting again Juggernaut, who hat been refitted; and info doing, it is lawful to break open doors, and be it not now to be bailed, but mull be sent to Calcutta.

, 4 < ' Mr. Pent informs me, yon doubted whether the command in His Ma jell’s charter, to give assistanpeiri the execution of the powers of the contt rfpplied to cafaot civil ftlifs. It certainly does, when such assistancce is ne OefftVy; be tides, the nature Of the case is now altered, for the Ttfcue hid crime - in which Jkggemant partakes. If the man who is shot dies, 1 have iyj dfcUboyOn will give sufficient protection to Mr. Peat, vyho, in that case, rriuft Cdfhb roCalcutta for his acquittal ., If he does not die, and any body ( hoifld advtife Or ' order you to bring him ( I mean Mr. Peat ) hither against nis wifi knd Without Ibme warrant from one of the judges, I ( only because I should be teiy fbtry that any gentleman who meant only to do his duty should fufleT any inconvenience from it ) caution you to beWare; for the imprisonidg ai Officer of the court is a contempt, for which the punishment is imprisonment, as well fes fine If any person delires you to imprisonMr. Peat, i should ad tftfe, thatyoutrtk akbond of indemnity in a large ifum, r becaufcit is probabW hewouW recover a very large sum in an action. ’

"44 I beg the favour of you, fer fear my letter ? to him should not be fdft fered to come safe, to tell Ms. Peat, that 1 highly approve his conduct, fiiH doubt ttotbe will receive proper support from the c jurt, whose officer he is. " i doubt not ybu will gite him full protection from the people of Phoul tarty, because, as a British filbj « &, I doubt not you will pay due attention to yout allegiance to the King, ai well as to your duty to the company f; Fott ' Wiftiam, « 4 lam, your s, &b. T

YnetoayySdpr. 23V 1777. 1 JOHN HYDE;

4 ' Upon pCrufel of this letter, it appears, that the provincial council wrote ili More urgent terms to Calcutta, for the most explicit directions of the got# •Or ' general and1 council.

• Arad that about this rime, application being made to the provincial pfiotUft

tar, to iflhe his ’ process against peffons who were represented to havelJfiaM dered, not only their mailer ( the proprietor of a tract of land in the gufirrah of Turraff, abdut one hundred miles from Dacca ) but likewise his febther, and two principal servanta, the said phoufdar declined to iflae anV propels whatsoever, or to discharge the functions of his office; aligning Ml W&ftfrts for thus litfpending the edurfe of just ice. in a letter to the provincial

Chfdf. Twnfiation of which is entered in the Dacca appendix. '

c Afcdwitfa t gard to the particular grounds of the ' suit against •Jaggernau ! at ' the supreme court of judicature, for which bail was demanded ot abotft

• on *

m

PARLIAMENTARY

A. : 17 iu

Me thousand pounds, it appears, that Jaggeraaut himself, at th itpe the aifpute first arose, offered to swear, that he was ignorant what was the subject. of the complaint. Mr. Peat informed the provincial council, only, that it was not for debt, but for an enormous personal wrong. " The abftta& taken from Mr. Peafs note - book, dates it to be for tre&pass andfalfe ita - prisonmerit; and the provincial council, in their letter of September 4, 1777, above referred to in No. 8, say, "that according to the lights they had been able to obtain, Khyru, the complainant in the supreme court, had been arreiled by the phoufdarry court for fotne misdemeanor, and upd cega - lar conviction and decree of that court, was confined, and obliged to make rtftitution that after that, Khyrifc had been sent prisoner to" the Naib Su - bah, u to answer to some complaint exhibited at his tribunaland that jag gernaut had some time before given this information to Mr. Peat, in answer to a letter he had written, as attorney at law, demanding Khyrft’s release.

Your committee now proceed to ( late what, appears to have been the measures taken in this business by the governor general and council. - On theagd of September, 1777, the governor general having received inforuiation from the sheriff, Mr. Wodsworth, 44 That Jaggernaut Dewan had, with lap armed force, been refeued from t£ie officers, at Dacca, and that his deputy,. Mr *. Peat, had been threatened with an armed force to attack him in his - house, and that he therefore, by virtue of his Majesty’s charter, desired the alManot and protection of the company’s military forcesa coufulcation. was held Upon that letter, and the first advices received from Dacca; the, company ' s Handing counsel was confidted ( the advocate general not being then, arrived ) and a letter was dispatched to the provincial council, very much approving the steps they had taken, and directing them to offer the ffieriflV officer every affiftknee he might require to execute the warrant upon Jaggerp. au ?, to continue the guard upon Mr. Peat’s house, to fend him down undpr a guard, in case the wounded man should die, together with all other persons concerned in the fray; and to take the depositions in writing of all such as could give any information upon the subject. t

And it appears, that on the receipt of the Dacca letter before mentioned appendix. No. 8. the governor general and council further wrote to the provincial council, that they much commended the prudence, and diferetioft which they had shewn in all their proceedings, reff > eflipg the late upfprfunate diflurbandes created by Mr. Peat; approved of their haviqg become hail for Jaggernaut ? and directed them to recommend to the officers of he pbouf - jlarry court, in case any writs on warrants should be issued against theqt/u - ure, to fulimit to them without xefiftance,. and give intimation thereof to the pretidehey, that the company’s counsel might plead to the jurisdiction. And grjetter of like import was written at the same time to the Naib. Subab, that his spiers might be sent to the officers of the phoufdarry, who were un < kfi pis authority.. ;

ff It appears also, That the governor general and council took the opinioasof the > company’s counsel, upon the several papers t > ansmitted from Dacca, with ga/d to the legality of Mr. Peat’s proceedings; and in the interim directed the provincial council to recommend, in the most earned manner, to tba phoufdar, to enter upon Jiis office, and exercise the fun&iofcs thereof, as the peace, of the country would be greatly endangered by a suspension of its powers, # % i.. .;. s

a \. * And

- A. 1781 V D E~ B A T X, & - 44 *

Aitehir appears; That the Dacca ptoerfda pon b3tt rppqf « a of tfiefo sentiments of the governor general and council, and having received - in - strudfIons ' from the Naib Sobahy cob fen ted to discharge the bufinefa of Jhia office in cases where the peace of - the country might require it; but observed, that " until the dilpure against men in office - should be settled, it would be very difficult togo through the business with farisfaction. " He states thera « rious considerations which render it ditikult and hazardous for him to proceed in executing the duties of his fiatioft, ' as a criminal ittagifirate, if be should be > liable to have processes issued against him from the supreme court of judw cat ore, and to make a defence in that court on every decision he night pase in which one party must necessarily be diifrthfied.

And the provincial council, in conformity to infirultions from the govern nor general and council, proceeded to take the depositionl upon oath of the two wounded persons, and of ten others who had been present at different periods of the fray; enquiring very particularly into all the circumfianeea thereof; and on rransmitting those depositions to the governor general and council, make this observation, Without having heard all the evidence which may brought by every party, it is certain, Slat no decisivejudgment can be formed; but we are at feafi justified in remarking, that from all the depositions we have taken in pursuance of your orders, with a rainaitends of enquiry which might lead to an impartial discovery of truth, there trifes not the smallert ground of belief, that any Writ of theiupreme court was pro duced, much less that it was toin and treated with contempt by Jaggermnit or any other servants of the phoufdarry. " And Mr. Peat having applied to the provincial chief on the ill of October, 1777, to remove the guard frma his house, as the person he had ( hot wVs neither dead nor likely to die % ob - ferying in his letter, that the putting any refiraint upon his personal liberty without his consent, would be a contempt of the fuprem ? court, besidea ' a private injury, for which he would be entitled to redress.. The chief acquainted him in ani wer, that the last report of the surgeon way unfavourable a but that he had directed both the surgeons to attend him the ensuing day, and feOKkl be happy if their report {might be such as to Justify him in removing the guard; it not, he should refer the matter to Mr. justice Chambers, who was then piffing thrdugh the town.

And it appears, that Mr. justice Chambers declined interfering in the business. But the next day the provincial council finding probability of Meer : HoflVm’s recovery, removed the guard from Mr. Peat’s house 5 and as Meer HeflVin, who had been ihot by Mr. Peat, did not die of the wound, the governor general and council ordered the provincial chief and council to suspend the execution of their orders for fending the witnesses to Calcutta; leaving it to him alone, of the other sufferers in the late fray, to seek redress from the supreme court for any - injuries they might have suffered. What redress wai ever obtained, or what mode was pursued to obtain any, after it was left to thff parties; to purfuetheir own roeafures, does not appear from any public re - oujpls p possession of your committee, or from other sufficient evidence perceive only, \froman entry in the general account of Losses and ex peaces, fisted td have arisen to the company from the proceedings of the fu preme court of judicature since its first instirution, that the sum of {, 7$ current rupees had been paid to Syed Ally Cawn, the phoufdar, and zoo Vol. U, LII CRc

44 P AR1IIMENT ARY A. 1781.

C R to Juggernaut DdWMt, making about for enpences incarredby theib.

• Xtbefcovesyour committee to mention, that in ell the materials laid before them by the East - Ihdia company, or in the papers transmitted by the judges to his Majesty secret&ry of Rate, and referred by the house to this committee, they do not Arid any reprefemation or remarks from all or any one of them, bn ike subject of the dtfputt above related.

• On the 13th of October of the same year, your committee perceive there was a representation made to the iprovincial council of Dacca, by Mina JMofiiin, the darogha or foperintendant of the pboufdarry court, on the 00 casion of a process served upon him froth the supreme - court to anftver to a jdea of aflairft atod false iffiprisonmeoti, at thefuit of Francis Ford, a Taylor; to Which Mr. Peat was attorney. In this representation he urgertbe difi - Cuhy cff dischahgMagrhc ' skin&tont of his office, if he, " Who is appointed to correct abafes and Wrongs; is to giveaniwor to thesummonfes and warraau bf all the offenders in the English court, with which he is unacquainted.

Your committee chough t it expedient to take notice of this - reptefentatisD, not on ' aqcount of any important circutn ( lances in the case itself, but as a in eideiit, which, fuggpfts questions of magnitude to be decoded by thewifton bf paibaaaent, in any judicial regulations to be hereafter forrtied. ibrvktto ritorial. acquisiacuis in Bengal.

- whether Britishfnbjeds of any rank whatsoever, redding in the in -

terior parts of the country, at a didance from his majesty1 charter ccam, shall in gpy respect be amenable before the native magistrates. of polisaaiKi criminaljurisditfion ? t.

- Secondly, whether thfe native magi ft rates of police and criminal ptrifiKc - tion‘shall, as such, be liable to the jurisdiction of any court df JSngtish hw, on what principles, add t£ > what extent ? *

Having drawn from - the public records of the company the foregoing narrative of the interruption occtfioned to the ndmtnistrationr of crimisal Justice, by the proceedings of the supreme court of judfektiue and ' their ministerial officer, Mr. Peat, your, committee, referring the otherarticles ef complaint against Mr. Peat to the head of ' revenue jurtfdjftion exercriedby the company’s servants or natives, proceed to fobjoin td this narrative ffcch further information as they have beenrable to procure from verbal testiumy, relating to this idifpute with the criminal country court, and its incidents ! circumstances.

And firA, they examined Charles William ' Bough ton Route, Efiq. a member df yotir committee, who informed them that he had been employed at Dacca, in the station of provincial chief; and that he was in tharofteeutthe time the proCefi of the supreme ’ court was issued against Juggernaut, the dewan or principal public officer of the provincial criminal magtftrme ' or pbodfdar. That there never had, to his knowledge, been any public notification to the officers of that court, that they were amenable, : innrhat capacity, to the jurisdiction of the fupeeme court, before that process - was ftrved; tint they deceived their orders immediately from Mahomed Reza Oawn the Nub Subah, or Nabob’s deputy, who notified their appointment to bitothe prova - cbd schief; bur that, in a letter written by the goterndr general - and owmril,

inSepiember, 1777. ( after the fray had happened ) to < the JpvaduRnl cdoaeil, ■. 1. .. it

A i Bu D & B A T. £ Sk *.

it was directed, that in case of processes ( erred from the supreme co rt upon ' officers of the phoufdarry court, notice should be given to the governor general and council, that the company’s attorney might plead to the juristhe - tion And being further a Iked, Whether there was any fetter from the go -. vernor generaland council previous to the procefc against Juggernaut, Grabbing or authorizing Mahomed Roza Cawn to write a letter to the phoufdar, in -, forming him, that neither he, nor the officers of his court, were liable to the jwuifdtCdon of the supreme court ? he informed your committee, that na > sech communication was made to the Dacca council; that he does not know what communication or iostruction there might have been from the governor general and council to the Naib Subah Mahomed Reza Cawn; but he re members the provincial phoufdar shewed him a Persian paper of inflru&ioa from Mahomed Reza Cawn, which he read, informing him, that no war rants coeld operate upon the officers of the Nizamut ( which your committee naderstand to be the jurisdiction of the Nabob, under whom the phoufttarry courts were placed by the constitution < > f the Mogul empire ). Ar. d kemgi aiked. Whether the officers a&iag in the phoufdarry court were - con ftdereib headingunder or authorized by the company ? he laid, They Were

ed, throughout the country as a part of that lyftem of - judicature eftaMiffied by the governor general and council, who acted as the fotetuign ‘powet of thq Country; and as to their appointment, he was fore that the choice of "men was not made by the governor general and council, narby ' any jWfbri of in - iwnce at Dacca; that they certainly did not underfUnd them drives, noe W fe considered by others, as subject to the jurisdiction. of the supreme court, 03 responsible to it for their conduct in office; and the ground upon which be fbiWd that opi nibn. was, because ho did not recoiled t any judgment

had been given in the supreme court, declarative ’ of such jurisoi&fort yUd cause the instructions from their immediate superior told them, 1 they Wtffce not subject to it; and because the proceedings of their court wetenotliilbl# any controul of the company’s servants : and moreover, it was a biitfltb ' of government, separate from that of the dewannee, the title by Which the CokU pany hold their territorial acquihtions. That, from his knowledge of the couatry, he does not chink it would be of advantage, but rathef usent, to the native inhabitants, that this criminal court should be ffiafete tw fpsafibh for its proceedings to the supreme court at Calcutta, on - < feQtotfo brought by peribfts who should conceive themselves injured by its rfodt&dings or decihons. And being then aiked, Whether he did cot th ’ mk thft fotifeIriSi oMbperifctendence, under proper restrictions, might be advantageous to the country f he said, he thought it would be very difficult to give to an ’ £hgll ( h CmsPt of law, any mode of controul or superintendence over a body of judges, Whomuft decide upon all matters of personal injury by. a system of lawlfo totally dissimilar.

- And - as Several suggestions had been made, in the proceedings of the ftl - pHmt court, against the chamder and ability of the native judges and rrfett ' w the law, the witness bring asked, whether the officers or that Court of ffiOuftarry, and the expounders of the law, were not notorious for eheir cor - lAMiion, ignorance, and incapacity ? informed your committee, that byed, whf ' Cdwn, the principal magistrate, is aman of birth, education, hftd a tMgfcpr inciple of honour—That he beltevet the; ether Officers in Jgerid al uic well versed in the law they profess; and in some decihons which came to hit

Lila knowledges

444

P A K LI A M £ N T R Y A. 17 1.

knowledge, he htsibund a candour and independence which would hrrt done : honour to any magiffeacy. And being aflsed,. whether they went notaoto riously under the influence. of the EngHih chief and council of 4heir respective distri&s, not daring to decide any point again# their inclinations ? he laid, that he, has not known any particular case, nor heavdofi crio, i which they wpre so, whilst he waschief at Dacca—Thar. the provincial pbouf - dat frequently con Suited, with him. upon matters of consequenty more efpe - ctally in precedes to be Served by him, which 1 more iaimediately might affect the peace. of theepuntry, or the collection of the revenue; but inahe - ordi - nmnr doctfions of hifreourt he ( the chief ) did nevenexercise the smallest interference or control#; nor does he thick the judges : thereof would quietly have submitted, if he bad attempted it : this information he. means to apply to the skate in which, the phoufdarry department has been -, 60ce. it was placed Tinder the direction of the Naib "Subah—That he has not known any notorious instances of partiality and denial of justice in that. court, whereithe Sabah, or. any of his. family or officers, or ' those of English gentlemen, were coiKerned—That in forne cases he thinks that influence might operate, bit as the present system of government establishes various checks and modes of application for redress, he does not think it could operate materially to the prevention of, justice.

And your committee, having observed, in a printed pamphlet, purporting to be letters from Mr. Peat, that a crime of an important nature had not been properly enquired into and punished; the witness was acted, whether he hw not heard, that a man named Khyroo, prosecuting in that court for a rape committed upon hta wife was notipnly denied. justice, but fuss red much ojh jparcffioa fbt having made such complaint He replied, that he neve did hm

tt npr was the name of Khyroo knowjrto him, till bn took. pains to make enquiry concerning him, after the fray hud happened between - theorem of the supreme court and those of the phoufdarry; the result of which was communicated to the governor general and council, in the letter written to them on that occassion The wi ' ness added, that be never did hear thefmal -

U intimation concerning any. injuflico done to Khyroo, nor of its making a great soil# in the city ot Dacca, or causing difeoatettt among# the inhabit Scuts 5 tnd had there been any great aft ofinjuflice committed by the Phouf - deny officers, he is sure be should have heard of it, as there cannot be arace of men upon earth more litigious and clamorous than the inhabittnts of jDacca; wfipm he has found always ready to renew their complaints after re gular dgeifious had been pa fled in a court, of juAiee—That the general temper of the people did not appear to him at all ayerfe to the country courts, at. now established in the province, but that the operation of the supreme court certainly excited much discontent there.. And being, asked, whether the residence of Mr. Peat there, as an officer of the supreme court, end an attorney. at law, did not give a general satisfaction to the inhabitants of Dacca, as fiir nishing the means of ferecning them from the oppression of the country i courts £ He said, he was absent from Dacca when Mr. Peat arrived; bat understood, on his return, he bad been received with great marksof. resperi sad. fear—That the common people of that country would be pleafadto rdhftto any new power, which would gratify their litigious Spirit; but the respectabk. part of the community suffered much disquiet. And being aikod, whether

this

A/I7 t ty ~8 A T E~ S. ~ 445

tkk£ais£s&htr af the lower order, and the dirpfeafure of the ht£het, had noranfcn particularly from ' thtttppfessions which have been usually exercised by the higher upon the lower orders ? he answered in the negative; and said, that if goTcranwat ttfclfv or its agents, do not set the example of oppression, he docs not think the higher orders more disposed to oppress their inferiors, tbtatbqr. are in ocher countries; that the most substantial inhabitants of Dacca are zemindars, brokets who engage for the manufacture and purchase of cloths, sad bankers, ' of whom many are concerned in the bulineis of revenues and over aHirhofe, the exercise bf English law would be peculiarly obnoxioos t because ’ they have always, from the enftom of the country govern mem, exercised a pofwer over their inferiors, which, if brought to trial in - an English court, would subject them to severe processes, and heavy da - mages - f—That the people of that country, accustomed to an arbitrary authority and funsmary process, naturally judged of Mr, Peat, and the nature of Bi employments, from the power which they saw proceed from him, in re - driving - complaints, ifilling processes of arrest, and personal imprisonment; and all these avowedly independent of that authority they had been used to respsbh In fwecal of the Persian petitions delivered to him ( as provincial ohref ) Mr. Peat was ftiLd the Naib, or deputy of the fuprerne court; and the terns of Cmcherry was applied to his house, as it would be to the house of one exercising authority - - That he cannot speak with certainty whether the - governor general and council were eonfolted by the judges, before Mr. Peat went to reside at Dacca; but be remembers hearing; ' that the governor general and council had objected agaitift any Europeans going into the provinces without their permission, conformable to the established rules; but that the judges aliened their right to fend attornies into any parts where their jurisdibbonextended—He fiud, that the seizure of Jaggernaut, whilfi he was acting as a public officer of the pboufdarry court, had produced the greatest confirmation imaginable; that irw s considered in general as a very violent and - irregular proceeding, and subversive of the old established government; and the tnfult offered to the first magi ft rate, was esteemed so great, that the pietrfubmission of him and his peojtfe was rather a matter of surprize; and in its effects, it entirely put a flop to criminal justice, as no man thought himself safe in euercifing any judicial authority. And being further aiked, whether he is not of opinion, that the jurisiiiftion of the supreme court, if limited to the European servants of the company, and their actual agents and persone employed by them, would be greatly beneficial to the country ? He laid, be thought it absolutely necessary that there Should be some court veiled with considerablepowert to exercise jurisdiction over Europeans; but it would be e matter of very delicate confederation, how to render the natives employ ed by Europeans, or tby the company, amenable to an English court of law.

And the witness being futher examined, as to the circumstancet of Mr, Peat’s arrival at Dacca,. and practice there, informed your committee, that he has not often seen Mr. Peat; that be first saw him as clerk to Mr. Justice Hyde, and ( henId guefr him to be about twenty years of age when he arrived

Dacca; that he was received with great disttndion on his arrrival, many fmrlbos having ’ gone to the boundaries of the province to meet him, and vrifitahaving been paid to him by the natives, and particularly, by the grand - ih Nabob Jefiarut Cawn, formerly governor of the Dacca province.. 1 ' a under

PAR til AM NlTA K3T Aij8i.

under, Jad&er Ally Gawn; all wfc schcompliment are sot ' vfhnliy paid to n y

but the chief of the council who presided ovettha *. prov$nee - —That he hsa aJWays hqsrd Mr. Peat did not undtistand the country language, and itincktaed to believe ity because he employed a cleric to interpret when Jaggernaut wan font to him with two members of the council. >,;

And your committee thinking it right ' to enquire into the ageiandcapacity of the company ' s servants who presided in fetation in the DewaaaeeAdau hit, or provincial court of civil juvifdk&ton, was Informed by diemtness, that having held no other station at Dacca - than that of provincial chief, he never did preside in thdDewannee A da a hit there 5 that the other gentlemen of the Dacca council, as well as hinjfelf, were rather of lower Handing in the service than the members of the other councils; bat in general those of Dao ca were from seven to ten years landing when first appointed—That be had field the station near three years before Mr. Peat’s arrival; that of those who ' presided - by rotation, he scarcely remembers an instance of any gentleman ' who did not understand the common country language sufficiently to take an evidence, and some were able to read the Persian; but before he left the country, the plan of presiding by - rotation at Dacca was alteredt, and thefti - perintendency of the Adaulut was conferred upon Mr. Evelyn, a gentlemen who from his knowledge of the country languages, and general experience, was perfectly well qualified to conduit that bttfiness.

And it having been charged m certain printed papers, purporting to be letters from Mr. Peat, that during the period abovementtotfed, justice bad been ' frequently and notoriously set up to sale, to both the litigant parties in ftut, and the profits of such unjustifiabie transalfcion actually farmed out; your committee examined into Mr. RoufeV knowledge of the fiime rHe replied, that he not only does not know of any such practice having existod during the whole time he held the chiefship of Dacca, but on bit confaeno believes, that such a supposition is totally false. Had there existed such a practice, he thinks it must necessarily have come to his knowledge, and most probably would have been dated in the petitions of, appeal, of which many are recorded in the Dacca confutations, without the supprefiron of any chr - qttmftance contained in them. 1

And Mr. William Hicky, who had practised as an attorney in the fepreme court, being atfo examined, informed your committee, that he was acquainted with Mr. Peat; that he first knew him in the capacity of clerk to Mr. Justice Hyde; and although Mr. Peat was practising as an attoroeyar Dacca, his bills as judge ' s clerk were regularly delivered to the1 different anomies at Calcutta - —That he supposes him to have been about twentyione yetis of age, and be had been then three years in the country; but his partner, Mr. Wroughtqn, was not above sixteen at the time of his admission as an attorney of the supreme court.

And your committee, in their further enquiiy into the proceedings on the affair at Dacca, examined Captain John Cowe, who informed them, that Its nad served about twelve years in the military line in Bengal, and that he was Rationed at Dacca in the year 1777 - rfThat he knew Mr. Peat, who redded at Dacca, and acted as attorney of the supreme court, and deputy sheriff - —Thlt he received orders from the chief and provincial council at Dacca, to pwt a guard over Mr. Peat, which he obeyed $ and the reasons he affigdfed for that

" measure,

AfeT7dA D£ < B A *. T < E S. u

Wm ftire, weiT, from Mr Fcot ’ a having ihdt a man Whose life wardefpalred •of by the public iurgeons. And being aficed, whether be received ' at that time a; letter from any of the judges of the fupfeme court, concerning Mr. < Peat and bit confinement ? he bid, he > did receive one from Mr. Justice Hyde. Then the witness being shewn a copy of a letter from Mr. Justice Hyde to him, dated at For William the 23d of September, 1777, printed in nbookoalled I " Observations upon the Administration of Justice in - Bangal, ike, > and herein - before set forth, he laid, that he believed it to be a true copy wf Mr. Justke ’ t Hyde ' s tetter to him.

• And die wimefe informed your committee, that he was at Dacca when Mr. & at < arrived 4bere 5 upon which occasion be was attended by several of the ‘principal people of the oity, who waited upon him at his landing -, and accompanied him to hit house - —Thathe believes similar difiinttions are never paid to any member of the provincial council, but only to thechief That he was attended by a great retinue, having > uittally tea or twelve peons running before him when he went through the streets : and he imputed the didindtioa with which Mr. Feat was received by the inhabitants of Dacca, to an idea rhey had that he was a vakeel ( or agent ) of - Sir Elijah Impey, and would give them ( more febfiantial jufiioe than they had formerly theen used ro. And befog acted, whether there were any complaints of the want of substantial fufince before the arrival of Mr. Peat ? he - said, none that he ever heard of excepting the otamonraof the vakeels of the zemindars and landholders, who bn# often his d for that purpose to prolong the time of payment of their Ttntl andJ he had occasion to observe, during his residence at Dacca, that the people of that country fire more clamorous and litigious, thah in any other part of ‘Bengal that he ' has seen; and he never did hear, that during. any part of the rime he resided at Dacca, a custom prevailed of farming out the profits oft he Dewannee Adaulot.

Amd being examined, as to the efie& which the seizure of Juggernaut, the Etavan o£i « he ' phoufdarry court, and the fray which thereupon ensued, pro - riovod on the minds of the inhabitants of Dacca r He said, that they seemed to regard it with wonder and afionifiunent; and many of them were fur - prKed that a party of fepoy6 was not sent by the phoufdar, or by government, to - revenge the tnfttk on Mr. Peat ' s person t and Mr. Peat himself was so much under apprebeafion for - his personal safety, that he applied the wit nofsfbr party of fopoys to prote& him from any attempt of the natives.

- The wknefafirid, he knbw Syed Ally Cawa the phoufdar or chief •criminal magktaate, very well; mid his general chandler was very fefpectable. Add finely being afited, whether, ’ during the rime be resided at Dacca, he beard the people‘of that pibvitibc1 express - conteat or discontent of the mode in which just ice was administhred in the several branches ? he replied, shat they seemed bs general muchfotisfied; tand be never heard any discouccnt at the ad - Minblrarioooof j Office.

/ 450oricommittee ate now to report the cause of Cofimaut Baboo, against •beilUjeb of Odffijuwfhywhich affords the first infiance of open reliftanoc shewn to the process of tht court, by the governor general and council; this ih#y jbftby upon the plea of state tiecemty $ and they nppea before this Noafe graying atv ndenwftty r tm opposition, which, if not ftridiy legal, they etttidtr justfittMt newflky of tbooiroiunfiaacos.

tAadU Your

44 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Your ' committee find, that Coffiaaut Baboo it a principal merchant at Calcutta, and a man of coosiderable rank, nearly albedto the Rajah Soonderna - rain. Zemindar of the pergunnabs of Coffijurah and Shapore, which form part of the districtof M id n a pore, in the province of Oriffit, for whom he had been security for the rente payable to government, and manager of all attain relative to the zemiodary, during aim oft five years.

In coQsequence of this situation, several accounts and cross claims between him and government on the one hand, and between him and the Rajah and ai}d the tenants on the other, had been in discussion. before the chief or Burd - wan : this officer’s report to the governor general and council, on these accounts and claims, was unfavourable to Coffinaut Baboo j and process was accordingly ordered by the board, for the recovery of the balances due to government against Ccffinauc, who was arrested and confined, with circum - ibnces ( as he complained ) of very great hardship. To be relieved from hit confinement, he applied for and obtained a writ of habeas corpus, from the supreme court. The return to the writ appearing to be essentially defective, time was given, by consent of parties, for making one more regular and legal; Coffiaaut, under the fame consent, was in etfed set at liberty, though not in virtue of the writ; his counsel engaging to government for his appearance at the day appointed for making the return, in this interval, upon a very respe&ful petttion being delivered to the governor and council iron Coffinaut Baboo, ottering to deposit the balance demanded, to await the final judgment of the governor general and council, and resetting a further and more exact examination of accounts, the parties agreed to iufpend all further coercive proceedings on either fide, Coffinaut Baboo actually depositing the sum in dispute, and the governor and council engaging for the fair and full invettigation demanded in the petition.

This transaction was concluded on the 17th day of June, 1777. Two yeast elapsed without any fettiemeot of the account to the satisfaction of Coffinaut, the principal officer ttill mdcinga report unfavourable to hispretenfions; and on the 2$th of May, 17 79, Coffinaut presented to the governor general and council, 1 a petition, requetting a speedy decilion of the matter in dispute— - The buline ' s was thereupon referred. by the governor general and council to the superintendant of the Khalfa records, to be by hint examined, and a report made thereupon to the governor general and council, for their decilion.

On the 28th of the lame month, this report was accordingly made by the superintendant, accompanied with two. aburads of the account current between the parties. This mode of adjutting the accounts was objefied to by Coffinaut; and the matter was actually under examination ( Coffijurah Appendix, No. 2. ) when Coffinaut; upon the 13th of August, 1779, commenced a suit against the Rajah of Coffijurah, in the supreme court.

It appears to your committee, that Mr. Justict Hyde, upon reading the affidavit of Coffinaut, immediately gave a written order that a capias should ittue against the said Rajah; and that a clause should beinferted in the fame, authorising the sheriff to take bail in the sum of three hundred thonfimd sicca rupees ( about thirty - five thou land pounds tterling. )

Notice of this process was given to the governor general andcoundl9 in a letter from Mr, Pearce, dated Midnapore, September the 41b, 1779; m which he also mention ABs that the writ had been sent into the pergunnah with

« Uteri

A. 1781 DEBATES. '

a ( heriff ' s officer, to be served upon the zemindar; and that, in conseqtifnce thereof, the zemindar had been obliged to conceal himself, and was thereby prevented from following the duties of his station, and exerting himself in fulfilling his engagements to the company by the payment of his revenues.

Upon the receipt of this letter, the governor general and council ordered, that the opinion or the advocate general should be takenand that Mr. t ’ earce and the zemindar should have notice to act upon the occasion, according to the instructions they should receive from the advocate general.

The opinion of the advocate general was accordingly laid before the Board on the 19th of October : he advises, 44 That in the case now referred to him, the zemindar have notice, that not being subject to the inrifdiction, he shall not appear, or ptead, or do or suffer any act which may amount, on his part, to a recognition of the authority of the judicature, as extending to himself. " He likewise advises, 44 That in all similar cases, as well as in the present, the power of government shall nor, nf called upon, be employed in aid of the judicature; but that they be left to their own means of executing their process, and thus render themselves alone responsible, should such be the event, for having unnecessarily hazarded the dignify and authority of the king’s judicature, by exposing its process to contempt, and its officers to refinance and repulse. "

In consequence of this opinion of the advocate general, a letter was sent. by the governor general and council to Mr. Pearce; in which he was directed. to give notice to the Zemindar, that, not being subject to the jucifdiction of the ftipreme court, he should not appear, or plead, or do or suffer any act which might amount on his part ro a recognition of the authority of the judicature, as extending to himself. Mr. Pearce was likewise directed, that if in consequence of any resistance offered to the ( hcriff’s officer, application should be made to him by the ( heriff’s officer for military affiltance, he should not grant such affiltance, either in this, or in any other instance, but should report the circumstances of the case to them ( the governor general and council ) and wait their orders.

It appears to your committee, That on the 30th of November, ’ 1779 governor general and council had notice, as well by a letter from Mr. Naylor, the company’s attorney, as by the personal examination of the said Mr. Naylor, that the writ of capias is sued by the supreme court against the Rajah of Coffijurah, having been returned as unexecuted, in consequence of the Rajah’s having concealed himself, it had been followed by another wrir, to sequester the lands and effect9 of the said Rajah, in order to compel his personal appearance; and that, to enforce the execution of this last writ, the sheriff had dispatched to Coffijurah an armed force, confiding of sixty per - ( ons, as well European sailors, as peons and fepoys, armed, as appears to Mr. Naylor, by Coffinaut himself, and instructed to ule their force, in case any resistance should be made to the execution of the writ. It was thereupon re - solved m conned, that a letter ( hovld be written, and immediately dispatched i to Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty, commanding the cantonments near Midna - 1 pore, informing him of the above particulars, and requiring him, for the preservation of the peace ’ and tranquility of the country, immediately on; the receipt of their letter, to detach a sufficient force from the battalions yn *

1 der feta command, to intercept and apprehend any body or bodies ' of men an *

; fwering this description, within ( he districts of Midnapote and Jcllaforc, and VoL. Ii. Mram to

4$o PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 8

to detain them in his custodytill he should have made his report to the board, and have received their further orders.

Your committee find. That on the 3d of December, a letter from Mr. Naylor, the company’s attorney, to Mr, Hastings, accompanying a representation from the Rajah of Cofiijurah, was laid before the board by the governor general; dating, that a party of men, headed by a fei jeant of the court, and Gocul, a servant of Cofnnaut, the plaintiff in the cause, entered the house of the Rajah, in order to set their seal upon it, and endeavoured to enter the zenana, or women’s apartment; and that, upon an opposition made by the Rajah ’ a servants to their attempt, feveftal of th m were beat and wounded; that upon a reinforcement arriving from the flienff, the Rajah dirtied that his servants should make no further resistance; that upon this, the serjeant, at the indance of the said Gocul, bound and beat certain of his servants, upon which the rest abfcooded; that the party then broke open and forcibly entered his house and zenana, and plundered his effects; that other persons arriving in the morning, seizedfome of his servants, beat and ill - treated others, sequestered the remainder of his t ( lefts, committed out - rages upon few place of religious worship, and ftfipt it of its ornaments; and that by this means a flop was put to the collection, and the farmers prohibited by Gocul from paying their rents. A letter from Mr. Pearce to the governor general and council was likewise read; desiring the directions of government bow to proceed, in consequencf of a letter he had received from the sheriff, demanding his assistance in the execution of the writ, and founding that demand upon a clause of the charter, which he transmitted in his letter. It appears, by a letter from the chief justice to Lord Weymouth, ' dated the 3d of March, 1780, that this letter was written by the ( hcriff, in consequence of an order from the chief justice.

Your committee observe, That the board called on the advocate general for his opinion a&to the measures they should adopt upon this occasion. The advocate general observed, that lince his former opinion; the question badfo far changed its aspect, as to be a ' question of government and political necessity, not of law; he therefore delired, that if it was, e pefted that he should give an opinion upon this subject, it might not be a sudden one. To tbit the board assented.

Your committee observe, That they directed Mr. Jonathan Duncan, one of the civil servants of the company, immediately to proceed to Cofiijurah,. alid there to take the depositions of all the persons present at the late distur - b a rices. The Rajah was ordered to afford Mr. Duncan act possible assistance on his part, and to cause the witnesses, whose depositions he might take, to return with him to the presidency; a letter was also written to Colonel Ah - muty, directing him to send to the presidency any person he might have apprehended in consequence of their former order of the 30th of November.

It appears to your committee, That in obedience to the orders received from the governor general and council, Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty detached from the camp at Midnapore two companies of fepoys, under the command of lieutenant Bomford; who, on the morning of the 3d of December, seized the sheriff’s officers, and those acting under them, at Cofiijurah, amounting to 3o fepoy9, about 20 peons, and $ Europeans. In the afternoon of the fame d by they ftiaed fix more Europeans, with Gocul Sircar, the gpmaftah

x

A. fjtirl

D E

BATE S *

of Coffinaut, wfrohad been ( under the authority of separate Warrants of fa questration ) to execute the writ at Rajee Bulpoor, where the Rajah of Cofli jufah has his principal residence.

Yourxommittee find. That the governor general and council, oh the 17th of December, made the following notification to all the zemindars and land -. holders of the provinces :. 1

Be it knbwn to all zemindars, chowdrie ?, and talookdars, in the provinces or fubahs of Bengal, Bahar, and Oiifla:

Whereas, representations nave been received from many of the zemindars, chowdries, and talookdars of these provinces, by the governor general ana supreme council at Fort William, that summonses, warrants, and other prd - - cess of the supreme court of judicature at Calcutta, have been served upon them by the ( herifFs officers, ' requiring or compelling them to appear before the judges of the said supreme court, and give in answers to Complaints or suits instituted against them; notice is hereby given to the zemindars, chow *. dries, and talookdars, of the provinces aforesaid, " That, not being fabjedfc to the jurfdiction of the supreme court ( except in the cases Which will be hereafter specified ) they - ( hall not ( in case of any summons, warrant, or other process of the said supreme court, being served upon them by the ( be - riff, or his officers ) appear, nor plead, nor do, nor fuller arty ail which may amount, on their part, to a recognition of the authority of the judicature, as extending to themselves. ",

In cases where the zemindars, chowdries and talookdars, are, in common with all the inhabitants of these provinces, subject to the jurist ) i6tion of the supreme court, and myft pay obedience to, its process, are as follows:

Where the parties sued shalJ, at the time when the debt or cause of a&ioh shall have arisen, have been employed by, or shall have been directly or in - directly in the service of, the company, or of any of his Majesty ' s fub - jedsOr

* Where the party sued shall have entered into any contract or agreement in writing with any of his Majesty’s subjects, and the cause of action shall exceed the ( urn of five hundred current rupees; and where the party shall have agreed in the said contract, that in case of dispute, the matter shall be heard and determined in the said supreme court. "

And your committee observe. That this notification Was sent to all the provincial councils and collectors of the provinces, with directions to publifl ! it in their respective distrids; the governor general and council furtherordered, that if, in consequenceof any resistance offered by persons in the above cha - raders, to the execution of the process of the supreme court, any application. should be made to the provincial chiefs for military assistance, they WCre not to grant such military assistan. ee, but to report the circuntilances to the, governor general and council, and to wait their order *.

Your committee find, from the ' proceedings of the governor general and council, in their revenue department, dated the 7th of December, 1779 that the advocate general gave it as his opinion, that the resistance shewn to the process of the court was unavoidable; but, however unless circamstances should appear of very flagrant guilt in the parties employed in the execution of the writ, he advised that the prisoners should be released.

The depositio s taken by Mr Duncan were on the feme day hud before she board *

Mxnma And

i '

452 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

And your committee find, That the governor general and council ordered ihe prisoners, then arrived at Calcutta, to be released; and intimated to the Rajah, that having had notice that the seals aflixtd by the sheriff’s officers to his housesand effects Hill remained thereon, it relied entirely with him ( the Rajah ) either to suffer the seals to remain, or himself to remove them.

The governor general and council likewise wrote a letter to Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty, ordering him, in case any attempt should he made on the part of the supreme court, to serve any writ upon himself. Lieutenant Born - ford, or any officer or fepoy belonging to the detachment employed to oppoie the execution of the writ, for any act done in confluence of their orders of - the 30th of November; that he should refill such an attempt, and counsel the person executing it to depart the limits of his command.

- It appears to yourr committee. That on the 18th of January, an attachment was moved for in the supreme court, against : Mr. William Swainilon, at - fiilant at Midnapore, and Lieutenant Bomford, for a high contempt of court; in thep rt they took in the rescue of the houses, lands, and efie&s of the Rajah of Coffijurah, and of the subsequent conducing of the prisoners under a ilrong guard to Calcutta.

It was also moved, that rules might be made against Warren Hastings and Richard Barwell, Esqrs. and Mr. North Naylor, to answer certain affidavits of the sheriff ' s officers, and others. j

Your committee find, that the chief justice refused to grant an attachment 1 in the first instance, but ordered, 44 that there should be a rule to shew cause, I why an attachment should not issue against Mr. Swainflon and Lieutenant 1 Romford, and Mr. Naylor. "

The chief justice further observes, 44 That as to the governor general and hjr. Barwell, he will not include them in the rule, because he will not grant a rule the court cannot enforce; and they are determined to enforce their rule to the utmost of their power : —they should be served with copies of the rule, that they may answer if they please—That the sheriff do apply to the governor general and council, and to each of the council general fepa - rarely, for assistance in executing the rules. "

In consequence of this order, the sheriff of Calcutta wrote a letter to the governor general and council, requiring him, under the authority of a claule in the charter, to be aiding and alliiting in the service of the rules of the lu - premecourt, on William Swainflon, Stephen Bomford, and North Naylor; which letter was referred by the governor general and council to the advocate general.

It appears to your committee, that on the 30th of January 1780, the advocate general represented to the board, that his former advice had not extended to any thing beyond neutrality on the part of the governor general and council; but acquiesces in the necessity by which they had been driven openly to refill the process of the court.

In consequence of this opinion, the board resolved, on the 30th of jmu -. ary, 44 to abide by the principles on which they had already proceeded in their refinance of ( what they tern ) the illegal acts of the supreme court of judicature; and that they will enforce and defend the orders made upon thelie principles. "

It further appears to yottr committee, that on the 24th of January, an attempt was made by Findlay, the ftierHPsofficer, to enter the lines at Midoa *

2 porr,

le

A 178t. DEBATES, 453

pore, for the purpose of serving the rule of court upon Swainfton and Lieu tenant Bomford; guards had however been previously Rationed by Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty, in conformity to the orders of the governor general and council, for the purpose of preventing the service of the said rule upon Lieutenant Bomford. —And Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty informed the said Findlay, that Swainfton was not under his command, and that he should not permit him to enter the camp, without an order from the governor general and council, if he came there upon the Coflijurah business.

It appears, that in consequence of this transaction, the sheriff, by order of the supreme court, sent a letter to the governor general ' and council, serving Mr. Hastings, Mr. Barwell, Mr. Francis, and Mr. Wheeled, individually, and coile&ively as governor general and council, by means of their public ( e - cretary, with a copy of the rule against Lieutenant Bomford, and likewise with a copy of the last clause of the charter, by which all persons, civil and military, are required to be aiding and alftfting to the supreme court; and the board ordered that these papers should be referred to their advocate general, and that he should thereupon advise, whether any, and what answer should be given; and likewise that a copy of the clauses of the act of the thirteenth of his present Majesty, and of the charter of just ice, should be delivered to the advocate general, and that he should be desired to inform the board, whether the supreme court could receive suit, or issue process against the governor general and council, separately or individually, for acts done in their collective and corporate capacity, or whether such process should not be directed to their attorney

The advocate general, in a report read before the board on the 25th of February, dates it as his opinion, that no answer should be given to the re - quifttion of the sheriff; and urges, that though the statute and charter of justice exempt the governor general and members of the supreme court from ar - rests, in aCb, suit, or proceeding, and from trial for offences ( hoVf of felony or treason, he thinks them nevertheless clearly amenable to the justice of the court in any civil proceeding, of which they may be individually objects. He apprehends, however, their subjection to the jurisdiCHon of the court, to be, in law and common sense *, retrained to their acts in their private capacity. ’

It appears to your committee, that on the 22d of February 1780, Mr. North Naylor, the company’s attorney, in a letter to the governor general and council, lays before the board a minute of the proceedings of the supreme court upon the rule by which he was ordered to answer certain affidavits alleging contempt. — - He complains of the delay of justice on the part of the court, by postponing their determination j and conceives their proceedings to be rather a deliberate and concerted measure to degrade the dignity Of government, than as having for their. object so inconsiderable a sacrifice as himself. —He further complains of the infofficiency of the facts alledged in the - affidavit, of th weak and incompetent evidence of those facts, and of the unusual precipitancy of the original proceeding. He‘conceives the Rajah of Cofiijurah to be strictly his client. States, himself as almost induced to believe the motives of the supreme court to be the extorting from him the iecrets of hp employers, the governor general and council; and affiires them of his determination to the fileuce he considers himself as in duty bound to maintain, whatever may be the refills. He dates, that the intima -

454. PARLIAMENTARY A. t ) 8f,

tion given in court by the chief justice, that Coflinaut has his remedy against the members of government, would alone justify his silenee.

Your committee find, that on the ift of March 1780, Mr. North Naylor, the attorney of the East India company, was committed - to the common gaol of Calcutta, by the supreme court, for contempt.

Your committee find, that on the $d of March, the governor general and council were ( Severally ( Served with a summons from the supreme court of ju - dicature, to answer to Colinaiit Baboo, in a plea of trespass on the case; and that although from the fa mm 011s it did not appear what the ground of action was, yet the name of the plaintiff left the council general no room for doubt; they accordingly directed, that counsel should plead in each action to the ju - rifduftion, taking for the ground of such plea, the exemption of the members of that government ( rom the jurisdiction of the supreme court upon any suit to be preferred individually against them, for their concurrence in acts of government. The governor general and council add further, that if upon thht plea judgment should go against them, they had directied the cause to be appealed.

Your committee observea letter from Mr. North Naylor, dated Calcutta gaol, 9th of March, to the governor general and council, transmitting a copy of twenty interrogatories, which he was called upon to answer in the ' criminal prosecution then pending against him. In this letter, Mr. Naylor, after dating the consequences of being obliged to answer such interrogatories, declares his intentions to conform to such directions as the board ( hallfuggeft.

The governor general and council, having duly weighed this letter, are decisive in opinion, that, taking the question on public ground, it is their duty to forbid his answering these interrogatories j and that unless they contented, Mr. Naylor could not answer them without a breach of duty an confidence, as their official servant; but in consideration of the case, as it perfooally ref peeled himself, they find themselves restrained by the apprehen - fion that a long imprisonment in Calcutta goal would be fatal to Mr. Naylor; and therefore, to prevent his becoming the victim of their rights, they insist and direff, that he do answer to the interrogatories, having first entered his exceptions against such part9 of them as he shall judge it improper m him to reveal, or illegal in the court to put to him.

Your committee find the following letter, dated the £th of March 1780, from Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty, was sent to the governor general and council, and by them entered in their proceedings of the 9th of March 1780 : " Honourable Sir, and Gentlemen, u I take the liberty to acquaint you, that I have prevented Findlay the constable from coming to camp by the means of various drfguifes, and also from conveying letters to me under different pretences informing him 1 knew no one, nor was subordinate to any but the governor and council; and recommended to him to take care not to force the ( entries, 29 1 did not want to hurt him; but if he was so imprudent, he muftfuffer the eonfequenoes, and blame himself. He did receive several letters by his own bircarrahs from Calcutta, and was twice there, and returned.

On the adinstant, a jemadar and twelve Peons arrived in the neighbour hood from the court, the fame who were at Coifijurab, and it isr reported four constables are also lucking about : I am credibly informed they have t fetter directed to LieuDepapt Boosted, vyitft the coart feel Oft it s I believe by

then

V

A. ijgv. DEBATES. 455

their motions they are endeavouring to take him by forces bteause "three or four were, seen lift night lurking in the camp; but on dispatching a guard to seize them, they soon disappeartd. This has made me more vigilant; and this morning 1 have given notice, by beat of tqtn tomT to prevent any one m camp from lbeltering thoie fellows, and offering a reward to any person who will apprehend any of them within the Gentries *

X hope, gentlemen, this will meet with your approbation, I beg leave to remind your honourable board, that this detachment is now under orders to march for Barruihpore, and to acquaint you, that my power ceases on our junction with the brigade; and therefore Fequest you will please to take such steps as will prevent the malignity of the court from falling on me and Lieu - tenantBomford.,

Your committee observe, that when the governor general and council found that the suit instituted aga nft them by CoSmaut was for acts dour by them m therr colledive capacity of governor general and council, they directed the appearance to the action, which had before been made, to be withdrawn.

The governor general and council deny, that their corporate acts, as she government of that presidency, or done in the execution of the powers Veiled iu them by plrliametuv are cognizable in the supreme court of judicature, or that they are answerable, as individuals, in that court, for the consequencee of such acts. In obedience to their inffrudions, the company’s oouniel de - _ livened in a declaration to the supreme court to tbit effectj dating, that they would not submit to any rule, process, or judgment, or other ad whatsoever, of the supreme court, in that action, e5r in any oxher action of the fame ns ture, by which ix may be attempted to make them answerable in the supreme court, as individuals, for the corporate acts of the governor - general : arid council, not cognizable by the supreme court.

Your committee find, in a letter of the 14th of March, from the governor general and council to the court of directors, that the judges of thefupreme court have delivered separate and long opinions on the contents and nature of the declaration; and unanimously concurred in their opinions, that there were no grounds to day the proceedings in the cause. Your committee think proper to remark, that it appears by the ( hid letter of the 14th of March, that these opinions had not been deliveredto the governor general and council, and they are not to be found on ? the company’s records, nor have such ' opinions been submitted to their considerattan, excepting that of chief ju dice Irnpey, ' in his letter to Lord Weymouth, March ra, 1780.

It appears to your committee, by the letter from Sir Elijah Impey. to Lord Weymouth, of the 12th of March, tp8©,. the Mr. Banned, owe of the council general, disapproved of the intention ' of the governor general and council, not to appear to the action, and left inflrurifions to his attorney, in case. the other defendants did not appear and iplead, to put in an. appearance and plea for him.

Your committee finding that Mr. Harwell had. concurred in opinion wish the council general in their opposition to - the juri£di£rion of the fnprame court, thought proper to examine him 5 and find, feom Jtis evidence, thathcP had left such orders with his attorney in Bengal 1

, Yourcommittee find, that Coffins wt had, on the Lith. of March, rySo fud denly ordered his attorney to discontinue his action again#. the : governor ge iHUWl and council, and also his action against the Rajah of Coffijurah.

Your

45 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Your committee observe, in a letter from the chief jufftce, Sir Elijah Im - pey, to Lord Weymouth, his Majesty’s secretary of ( late for the southern department, of the 2d of March, 1780, he writes, "That but one term has intervened since these disputes, and the business of the court, as I estimate, has fallen off near one third, and in a term or two, when the causes already commenced are got rid of, 1 expelt it will be reduced to the trial of a few canfes arising in Calcutta; to which place the natives are taught to underhand the funCions of the court have been confined by the authority of the governor general and council. The advocates, atrornies, and officers of the court, who have not already succeeded, will be reduced to a mod deplorable situa -, tion. The attornies have petitioned us, that on account of the difficulty of their procuring subsistence in the present flat of things, that their number may not be increased by new admissions, though persons may come from England so qualified; and recommended, that we may not be able to comply with this requisition; yet 1 really apprehend we shall do them little service by admitting them; for it seems to me, it will be only to give them the privilege of Carving in company with the present attornies. ' r

Your committee observe, in a letter of the 16th of March, 1780, ‘from the secretary of the council general in Bengal, to Mr. Mitchell, secretary to the East - India company, that Mr. North Naylor, the company’s attorney in Bengal, was released from his confinement on bail.

Your committee thought proper to examine Richard BarWelt, Esq. upon this subject, who informed your committee, that he had relided in India 23 years, ten of which he had been of the council of Bengal; and when he left that country, waaof the council general, and next in rank to the governor general; and that he left Bengal on the 10th of March, 1780. Your committee not observing Mr. Barwell’s name to the petition from the governor general and council to this honourable Hotife; and being asked, if he bad any reafous for not signing it ? said, he never saw the petition in India, previous to its being drawn; and as he had determined to quit his station, from rKe moment he had communicated his resolution he did not attend the council. Being asked, When he communicated that resolution ? he said, the instant he understood the measures of government were likely to be conduced with some decree of cordiality and confidence among ! ! the different members—that the ( late of parties, he thought, required the gentlemen to contract some habits of doing business together, before he could with pro. priety leave the governor general; and that it was necessary that the gover - nor general should be satisfied with the conduit of his colleagues, to jollify Mr. Barwell in leaving his station; that he communicated his resolution to the court of directors, through the board, at the end of February; and that he declared it to the members of the council individually, in January ;, from which time he declined to attend the board. Being asked, at what time in January ? he said, it mud have been - at the very end of January, or beginning of February. And being asked, if the measure of presenting a petition to parliament, on the disputes betwixt the governor general and council and the judges, had been agitated in council before the end of January, 1780 ? he said, that he did not know that such a proposal had been agitated in council s, but recollelled a great deal of conversation about it, but that nothing was ever seriously brought before the council. And being asked, whether

I «. '

4k. 1781, DEBATES. 417

$herthat raeafurp was agitated in council before he left Bengal ? he an five red, that to ' the be ft of his recolle£fion it was pot. And being affced, whether any communication had been made to the judges, of the petition of the BntUh inhabitants of Bengal ? he said, he did not know of any communication; he believes there was none. And being aiked, whether it was inten - rionally withheld from them ? answered, that he believes it was { he did not iee it himself, nof any of the other papers that may relate to it.

- Your committee aiked Mr. Barwell, if any altion had been brought against Jiim in the fppreipe court, in CQpfequqice of any proceedings of the governor general and council, in the cause of Coffipaut Baboo against the zemindar of Coffijurah ? he : said, there was an action. The proeefs of the court, ie thinks, did not exprffs the cause of action to be what was stated in the question; it was, to the best - of his remembrance, at the suit of ' Coffinaut Baboo. Being a{ked, if he entered any appearance to that action ? he said, he did; and at the very time, independent of the other members of the Council. And being aiked, if the other members of the council entered an •appearance to any such action brought against them ? he said, they did, andi prdered the company ' s attorney at record to put in an ' appearance for them; and that he was not present at the meeting of council when this order was issued. And being aiked, if he withdrew his appearance, said, he did not. And being aiked, if the other members of the council withdrew theirs ' laid, he dfd not know, further than what he had heard iince his arrival in England. Apd being asked, if he knew upon what principle the other mem hers of the council entered their appearance ? said, that he understood they entered appearance as individuals. And beipg aiked, if he left an order not to withdraw his appearance f said, that he ordered his appearance not to be withdrawn. And being affced, UDon what principle he left such orders ? hp said, because he esteemed himself subjc& to - the jurisdiction of the court, ’ and might havetfiis redress by appeal. And being aiked, if he underftopd it to be in contemplation with the other members of the council to withdraw their appearance, if deelarations should he against them in their public character ? said, he did understand it was in contemplation, and which was the teafon of the instru ions he gave to his attorney. And being aiked, if he considered himself as subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme court, as an individual, for all $6 done by him in his public capacity, as one of the Council, general ? said, he did; and that he knewi ) f\no exemption in the regulating act of the 13th George III.

Your committee examined Mr. Barwell, whether he agreed in the order lent to Mr. Teatce, collectorof Midnapore, not to comply with any application that might be made to him, by any sheriff’s officer, for military affiltanpe ? he said, that he concurred with the council m giving effect to the opinion of - the company’s advocate general, jwhich declared the law not to operate 4 pont ft certain description of men. The order grounded on that opinion be agreed ‘ to Being aiked, if he agreed to all the other acts of the hoard founded upon that principle ? said, he did; and that the council did not move a step without law advice. And being aiked, whether he entered any protest eg dissent, in confutation on that business ? said, he did not; that when Sir John Day, the advocate general, first advanced the opinion that influenced the council to the tpe sures that were adopted, his own private fentunems were f Vol. IJ, N n n over - '

458 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

©ver - ruled. ' The example brought in indance of the jurisdiclkm of the court, not affecting the zemindars of Bengal, was an attempt of the mayor’s court of Fort St. George, to arrest either the Nabob of Arcot, or some of his officers; and an opinion which Sir John Day had given, that it That adfc should be redded by the Nabob or his officers, and that it had been redded, and that the court had no power to enforce its process. " The advocate general deduced, that the fame independency was in the zemindars of Bengal; and that they might and ought to redd the process of the court. Your committee then asked Mr. Barwell, if that indance, being part of the advocate ' general’s opinion, was on record ? he said, he thought not. He was asked, if his opinion was over - ruled by the opinions of the other members of the board, or by that of the advocate general ? he laid, thequestion was a point of law; the dire dors of the East - India company h;. d sent out this gentleman expressly to interpret the law to the governor general and council. He was then asked, if the opinion given by the advocate general treated the subjectat dependingfolely on the poms of law, or in part of date necessity ? he said, it took up both grounds; the advocate general’s department, as he explained it to us himself, was to defend the rights of the company and government. Mr. Barwell added, that it was once in contemplation to admit the advocate general to a feat at the council board with the council general, so high W2S the important trud supposed to be with which he was veiled .; \n < i being asked, if the advocate general and council conceived themselves obliged to confute the advocate general, in points of policy or date necessity, not depending on points of law ? said, that he should apprehend not. And being asked, it the advocate general gave it as his opinion, that the governor general and council were warranted in their proceedings in the Coffijurah case, by law, independent of date necessity ? he laid, that he did not recollect that any of the opinions of the advocate general ’ s, at lead those delivered whiltl he fat at the council, board, go at all to the date necessity. He re - collects, that the detriment which would accrue to the revenues, was dated to him, and, indeed, the mod minute circumstances that had come before the government, to enable him to give a dear and decided answer to the matter referred to him; and that he even assisted personally at some of the consultations, and the records were open to him. Being asked, what he meant by affiding personally ? said, he was present at the council table, and had the advantage of all the conversation ? that passed on the subject, and an opportunity ( only given on very particular occasions ) of urging verbally the rea - fons in support of any of his written opinions. Mr. Barwell added, that these reasons do not appear upon the records, but they naturally may be supposed to have an influence on the council, as they really had. Being then asked, if his sentimentson the subject, on which he has dated to have been over ruled, were ever delivered in to council; he answered, that they are not on record, but that he urged them in conversation at the council table; and that the governor general inclined to the fame opinion, that it ivas better for the zemindars to put in a plea to the junldidiion of the supreme court; but that it was objected, that this description of men did not come within the jurisdiction, and that if the court had any authority to make them appear to the jurisdiction, they had, in fadf, jurisdiction over them. This tobjection was made in conversation by the company’s law officer, and by the 1 other

n litized by t

A. 1781. DEBATES. 459

other, gentlemen. Being asked, if Mr. Mattings delivered. the opinion to which he inclined in debate ? he said, that Mr. Hastings did urge the opinion, that a plea was to be put in to the jurisdiction; and that it was time to oppose ainy processes of the court at the instant they operated to the prejudice of the revenue; and that in this instance, it could not be until a capias was issued against the Rajah of Coffijurah. And being asked, about vihat time this convention palfed in council ? said, he thinks it happened at the first confutation on the Coffijurah cause, at the time that the opinion of the advocate general was sent to the collector of Midnapore, with instruCHois from the council to follow it. Your committee thort asked Mr. Barwell, if the council general were unanimous in opinion relative to the mode of proceeding in the Coffijurah cause ? he said that their acquiescence was unanimous, to give effect to the law opinion of the advocate, general. YourcoAi - njittee observed to Mr. Harwell, that he had said, that the opinion of the ad *, vpcate general, which over - ruled his opinion, was partly grounded on matter of law, and partly state necessity. He was then asked, whether he thought the Rate necessity for such acts did really exist ? he said, he did not think in the first instance it cti < J exist; and added, that the mere putting in a plea to, the jurisdiction, does not require the presence of the person against whom, the process of the court issues, ) nor does it involve. the revenue; but if that plea was over - ruled, or if *, through ignorance, or by any operation of the law, the party that ought to put in the plea, was to be brought down to Calcutta, in such case, the Rate necessity mult compel the government to resist the pro chiefs of the court, pr fufemU to a certain loss. in the revenue. He was then asked, if, in his opinion, when these acts of reliftance were ordered upon the gdvpcate general’s opinion, no such Rate necessity existed ? he answered, no Rate necessity certainly did exist at the time; notice, or public proclamation was made of a certain description of men, not being subject to the juris - diction—he ' believed that proclamation went no farther than mere informa tioi > jo that description of men. Being then asked, if the Rate necessity existed - at the time that orders were sent to Midnapore, and to Lieutenant Colonel Ahmuty ? he said, that. it certainly did exist in that Rage of the ' bu - finess, because writs ' of fi plas and sequestration bad. Sheen issued by the court against the Rajah, and Ijad he been forcibly seized, it would have afforded an excuse tdevery mani, dependent on him, and at all connected with the revenue, to "have ' charged a great loss of revenue to the confusion corisequent dn such an act. Being asked, if a plea to the jurisdiction might not hav. ' prevented the iffulag tpe sequestration, and consequently that necessity ? he $i4 Vu certainly mighty becaiife those acts of the court were ( imply to compel an appearance to tfi ’ e jurisdiction. Mr. Bar well was asked, if that was his opinion at the time ? he ' ftrid, it was his opinion at the time; when the government was committed, by the notice given to all the officers of the revenue and zemindars of the country, in the firR instance, it could not afterwards recede, without producing evils of a nature that must have annihilated the authority of the government, by bringing their orders into contempt and disrepute; he added, that the Supreme court was obliged to Support its own authority; and the governor general and council compelled, circunjftanced as it wa9, to keep up the reputation of Us powers throughout th provinces. £eing asked, if he recorded that opinion in the council ? fai f that he does

N n n a / not

46o

PARLIAMENT AS.

A. i7St

not know that he did. He was a iked, if the council general encouraged the Rajah of Coflijurah not to plead to the jurisdiction ? said that the council general directed the opinion of the law officer to be givefr to him, and the general notice that was issued to all the zemindars, was properly an encourage rifent to rcfift the jurisdictiom Being aflted, - If the Rajah of Ooffijurah had pleaded to the jurisdiction at first; whether mdfry of the subsequent mischieft might not have been prevented ? ahfwered, they certainly might, for the procures of the coutt were to compel appearance Being ? lfced; at what time the capias originally issued against the Rajah ? said, the first process issued a little before that period of time when the advocate general was consulted by the council general, and notice given to the zemindars. Being allfced, what would have been the consequences, if the Rajah Had not found bail ? said, that he would in that case have become the ftiefifPs prisoner, and been brought to Calcuttaj to the great detriment of the revenue. Being aiked, if be knew in what film he was held tobail I said, ih a considerable fuih, he could not charge his memory with the amount. Being aiked, if the Rajah could easily have found such bail ? said, that the government on fetch an cc - casion must have been bail; and added, that if the Rajah had looked for it elsewhere, it would have been attended with considerable charge. The committee then asked Mr. Barwell, what steps did be rake, to get the Rajah to plead to the jurisdiction, in order to prevent the consequences which followed ? who said, that he had not taken any Heps to influence the Rajah to plead to the jurisdiction; he added, that the line of conduct recommended by the company ' s law officer, and adopted by the council general; precluded any Reps that could possibly be taken to such an end. Being aflted, if he thought himself in his capacity as CounfelTor, as good a judge of what was necessary to the well - being of the $ate as any lawyer ? he answered, that if a long refldence, and a long acquaintance with the affairs of Bengal could be supposed to give him superior information to geiitlefaen not so long con - verfantin the interests of the government, he certainly rtluft have supposed himself as well qualified as any lawyer to judge of the well - being of the Hate. And being aflted, whether he thought thajt the acts of the judges in the case of the Rajah of the Goflijurah, were illegal, and an usurpatfon of jurisdiction f. he said, that he thought the judges wefe authorized under the charter, and that their acts do not properly dererve the epithets, illegal, or an usurpation of jurisdiction; that he thought they had the power tfithin themselves of moderating their proceedings on fuc i occasions. He added, &at this was mere matter of opinion, ana possibly he might have fallen into an error, in relation to their power of moderating their proceedings. Being aiked by your committee, if hethought it his inaifpenfable duty to give the court every kind of opposition in that affair ? he said, that after the government was committed, and notice given to the zemindars, it flood pledged for their protection; and the nature of the proceedings of the supreme judicature, consequent to it, must have materially affected the revenue, if they had operated; lie therefore conceived it to be theindispensableduty of goyeffr ment to reiifl the court : he added, that he did not think it was necessary that the government should have been committed. Your committee then aflted M - Barwell, what measures he pursued to prevent the government from being committed ? he said, that he had already statedf that he had ex -

A. 1781. DEBATES. 461.

# * y V V '

ptefled his private sentiments, and that the law officer to whom the company had intruded the support of their rights,. had over ruled that opinion Being aftied, if the council general had ever consulted the judges upon matter of law ? fa id, he could recplle& only one instance, viz. the convulsiori with frhich the government Was threatened by the assumption of the place of governor general by Sir John Clavering; at that time he believed the judges were called upon. Being asked, if they ' gave an opinion ? said, they did. Being asked, whether the council general considered it as valid, and afted" ufpon it ? he said the council acted independent of that opinion; and added, that they took it to give weight to the determinations they had previously formed, becaufb the members of that council were equally divided, two and two; the governor general and Sir John Clavering being parties.

Your committee then asked Mr. Barwell, whether he wsuld have thought it necessary to follow that law advice, if it had not been consonant to their, previous resolution ? who said, the council, that is, the governor and himselfi against Sir John Clavering and Mr. Francis, had no doubt as to the propriety or its proceeding; but as Sir John Clavering held the command in chief of the arrtiy, the council thought it incumbent upon them to preclude the poffi - bility of a doubt upon the powers they exercised : he added, he knew, that h&d not measures been instantly taken to secure the garrison of Fort William, ihrd to have guarded the officer Commanding in it, that an oder would have been issued by General Clavering ( which was already penned ) to have, taken. she command of that garrison from the governor general—That had. the opi -. nion of the judges been against the sentiments he entertained as ' to the legal powers of what he deemed the majority of the council, that he certainly would have followed that opinion, through conviction that it would have been Jus duty. Being asked, whether he considered the judges as competent by law. to decide upon a plea to their own jurisdiction ? Said, he thought the charter" expressly directs that they shall decide that quession—That his opinion as to their competency is founded merely on the charter. Being asked, whether S}r{ John Day, in the Opinion he had given, declared, that the opposition which. he advisedto the process of the court, was in itself strictly legal, even t, ! ?, 9, ugh the judges had exceeded ‘the powers given them by the charter ? Sajd, he could notspeak so pointedly to the opinions of ir John Day, as they ate ex *, preifed upon the records of the cofnpany—The first opinion on this subject, is, he believes, li rill ted to a declaration, that a certain description of men ire. not the objects offhe jurisdiction, and that it depend ? on them to refill it ;, it does not adVife the Council to the fefiftance, but it commits the cpuncil, by, the notice the council issued upon it; In the next opinion, when thp court, of judicature proceeded to enforce its, process upon the state of fads at thjjtj time, he approved the refinance in the council, and the, manner in Which .; it : ought to be made—The first opiniqn was declared by Sit; John Day to be ftrtdly legal; the second, he thinks, was not so j it was upon the state necessity. IJeing asked, if Sir John D ? y had argued that point of jurisdiction b$ i fare the judges, aWl they had overtoiled his plea, and affirmed their jurtfdic - j tion, Would he nofhave thought himself bound, as a counseller andafervant. of the company, to acquiesce in that determination, until the matter shouldj have been decided by the king and council upon appeal ? Said, he fhoiffd cer. -. cainly have acqulefced, and proposed an appeal Bqiqg lked, if hejnqye

46a PARLIAMENTARY rA. 1781.

in council, that Sir John Day, advocate general, should support the Rajah of Coffijurah ' s plea to the juristfdion ? Said, he did not move it; that such plea was precluded by the notice ifluedby the council, with the advice of Sir John Day. Being aiked, if he approved the issuing of that notice ? said, he had already answered this question. Being aiked, when Sir John Day gave his first opinion, which was confined to matter of law merely, he proposed the, matter of law should be pleaded to the jurisdiction ? said, he did not; the very advice precluded the plea to the jurisdiction. Being aiked, iF he advised the re - consideration of that part of the opinion that leems to recommend refif - tance rather than a legal plea ? laid, he did not; the law officer appointed by the company had declared the law, and pointed out the line of conduct for government. Being aiked, whether it was. his opinion, that the judges, in claiming such jurisdiction, had exceeded their legal powers before this opinion of the advocate general was given ? said, as he understood the charter of justice, every native falls within the jurisdiction of that court, far as to be cited; and that it depends on the judges of the court to declare whether they are objects or not objects of the jurisdiction. ' The committee then ob -. served to Mr. Barwell, that this being his opinion, and the opinion also of the judges, did he not think that they were in Bengal the last resort and final judges ill all matters of law ? said, he certainly did; but the directors of the company having sent out a gentleman for the express purpose of supporting their rights, and the rights of government, it was incumbent on the government or that country to support and assist that law officer to the utmost of its means; his opinions had been invariable, until the instant Sir John Day declared, that a certain description of men might relict the process of the court, though in contradiction to the public declared opinion of the judges, because it advises the counl ' el to contest that claim advanced by the judges, and must naturally force a deeifion from this country. Being aiked, whether that decision might not have been obtained by a plea and appeal, without force ? said, in his apprehensions it might, though possibly not so instantane - ously and directly. Being aiked, if he had preferred the method of force on account of the certainty and promptitude of decision ? said, he did not give that preference; he acquiesced limply in the advice of the law officer, and the preference, if any, must be imputed to him, and the gentlemen of the council of the fariie opinion. Being aiked, if having committed any ad contrary to the declared opinion of a legal arid competent court of justice, he could be justified in law by having. followed the opinion of any lawyer whatsoever ? said, that if any community of men entrusted any particular interest to an individual, and lie acted under the orders of that community, he thought it a sufficient plea to exonerate him from the consequences of following that person; and the community who appointed him, in justice and honour are bound to bear him harmless. Being aiked, if they could do fp in a criminal process ? he said, they undoubtedly could not. Being aiked, at wkofe desire an advocate general was appointed ? said, that the application, in the firil. instance, was from Sir John Clavering, Mr. Monson, and Mr *. Francis; it vyas afterwards recommended by the council at large to the court of directors. Being aiked, if the court of directors intruded the governor general and council to lolldW the opinion of the advocate general agaznft the decision ! of the supreme court i said, No $ it would havebecaan absurdity; the East:

India

X

A. 178 *. DEBATES. 463

India Company are equally bound by those decisions, with the other members of the community. Being asked, if the act of parliament and charter of justice did not order all the civil and military powers of the company to he aiding in the execution of the process of the lupreme court ? said, he hoped the committee would allow him, in reply to this question, to refer to the char eer of justkd, p. $9, which directs obedience in all things to the supreme < court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to all persons belonging the liege subjects of the crown, as they will answer to the contrary at their peril. Being allied, if Colli naut Baboo was. den ied justice by the governor general ancbcouncil in the proceedings between him and the Rajah Soondernarain t said, he was not denied justice; the cause was under examination; and it was 4ipon some doubts and proofs demanded of the debt stated against the Rajah, beyond the notes and signed papers produced, that he left the council, and made his application to the supreme court. Being asked, how long the cause had been under examination before the governor general and council ? said, five or six months. Being asked, if Mr. Pearce, collector at Midnapore, was charged, in any of the proceedings of this cause, with corruption ? said, he believed not; Coflinaut, he thinks, in one of his petitions, has either obliquely hinted that he was partial to the Rajah, or he heard him affirm this at the council board, upon the statement of an account that was received from Midnapore, stating the produce of the Rajah’s estate whilst he was a minor, the revenues he had paid into the public treasury, and the balance remaining.. Being asked, if there appeared to him any sufficient reason for suspecting Mr. Pearce of any Rich partiality ? said, not in the lead.

George Vansittart. Esq. being then examined, informed your committee, that he had resided fifteen years in India, from 1761 to 1776—That he had been in the company’s service—That he was in the council of Calcutta— - That he was chief of Midnapore from 1767 to 1770—That the revenues arising from the district of the Rajah of Coffijurah, formed"a part of his collection ? —That the Rajah was the mod considerable landholder in thatdiftrift, his revenue being more than double that of any other zemindar. and that he was always treated with a great deal of xefpeft. Then being asked, in what manner any balances of revenue that might be due in the Rajah of Coflijurah’s distrifl were collected ? laid, that there never was any balance due in that dif - tri£i, during the time he was at Midnapore, the Rajah having paid his revenue punctually, according to his engagements. The witr. efs further said, that the amount of the annual revenue of the Rajah was one hundred andejghty thousand sicca rupees, or about twenty thousand pounds a year. The witness be ng asked, what is the extent of the distri&of Midnapore ? said, about the size of Yorkshire, including the mountainous d « ftri&. Being asked, whether there were many zemindars of considerable property in the Midnapore /distri& ? said, that the zemindaries in that district are in general very small— That, excepting those of Coffijurah, Midnapore, and Minochouda, lie believe none amounting to fifty thousand rupees—That there are lbmefo finallas one thousand, and these are called talookdarc. Being asked, whether, before the English became possessed of the Dewannee, by treaty with the Great Mogul, the zemindars were considerrd as the servants or officers of those exercising that jnrildiction ? the witness answered, not as servants or officers, but landholders, who paid them their stated rents—that when the revenue jurisdiction

was

4$4

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

was ceded to the English, they were not understood to be thereby invested with frny other power or authority than whatpfually accompanied such jttrifdiction, Be ng aiked whether the capital Rajahs of the country were not formerly considered as subordinate princes, who exercised justice, and maintained armies ? the witness /aid, many of them may certainly have been considered as tributary princes; the government very little interfered with them in the management of their didriets. He further said, that it was not usual, in the time of the Mahomedan government, jto arrest the persons, break into this houses, and seize upon the goods of such Rajahs, in ordinary proeefi for debt; nor was it usual, in the intermediate space of time, between the ceffSr 4tion of the Mahomedan government, gnd the arrival of the judges in Bengal. That it was usual for parties, accomptants ' to the revenue, to have their accounts liquidated by the chiefs or residents appointed by the goverqqr and council, in the various distridh of the country —That in the distri# of Mid. ipapor < e, the fird jurisdiction was that of the resident; and that if the party Was dissatisfied with his deciflon, he might apply to a gentleman of the Calcutta council, wfho had the office of icolle&or general; and that, if dilldida tisfied, he might apply to the governor and council at Iarg£ in their revenue department, who held a court competent finally to adjust and to decreepay - ment of the balances that should appear dpc The witness being afleed, whe ? Xher he was conversant in the mode of money dealing in that country said, he never made it his particular dudy, but has only that information he aC - quired in his buljness— - That it is very much the practice for the zemindars, talookdars, and ryots, to borrow nioneyfor the annual charge attending there several concerns—That most of them have debts of an old ( landing, to very large amount—That money is advanced to them by the fhroffs, at intered, and that twenty - four per cent, per annum is reckoned a moderate mitered—That if English procels was immediately issued for the compulfoiy payment of all those debts, upon the principles upon which debts are recovered in England, the witness believes almost : every zemindar in the country Would be imprisoned, the ryots would be dispersed, and the Company woul not receive a fourth part of their present revenue—That it has b en considered as a part of policy and justice to secure the payment of the rents to the company, before the debts to individuals are differed tp affedf the l ud or goods; and that this was the practice before the cession of the Dewannee to the company, as well ns since - —That the government always gave every aflif -. tancp in their power to the recovery of private debts, confident with the security of the revenue; but as it would often happen, that private debts, could not be recovered, without a loss to the public revenue, difficulties would of course arise; and as to the debts of very old standing, they have generally been held as desperate, and, indeed, have been discountenanced, and cob - fidered to Strife from usury, and scarcely allowed to be jud demands. Then being aiked, whether the fame policy had been observpd in respect to the balances of revenue, and the debts due by the zemindars to government remitted to them ? the witness said, where there has been a con vision of the in -, bility of a zemindar to pay his arrears, it has frequently been done, ffomjau apprehension that any severity would tend only to discourage him from the cultivation of his landr— ' That on the frontiers of the provinces, particular, indances have occurred ) where zemindars, pressed for the payment of their

‘balance

A. 1781. DEBATES.

balances have fled the country; and on the appointment of a collector to demand the roots immediately from the ryots,. many of these, as they are in ge «. neral attached to their zemindars, have followed their zemindar and made JfapAile incur lions on the remaining inhabitants; and that the difirift has, ih conference, so far gone to ruin, that the government has been obliged to enter into a negotiation with the old zemindar, and to receive him back titi jilmoil his own terms, to prevent the total desolation of the district. TVe witnefa further adds, that he. thinks indil ' criruinate execution iflhed for private debts would produce the fame effect—That before the appointment of the supervisors and collectors in J770, the revenue accounts were settled, in the first instance, in the Bengal province, by the Dewan Mahomed Reza Cawn, with the approbation of the reliJeot at the Durbar; and in the Bahar province, by the Dewan Sitta Broy, with the approbation of the chief of Patna —That this description relates to all the country, except the ceded lands, that is, Burdwan, Midnapore, Chittagong, and the Calcutta pergunnahs - f - That causes of private property, not relating to the revenue, were tried in the fir# in ( lance, during the fame period, in the same manner as revenue disputes, but a reference was always made to persons conversant in the customs and laws of the Mahometans and Gentoos, according to the nature of the cause in question, who decided by the laws and customs of the Mahomedans where they were concerned *. and by those of the Gentoos where they were concerned—That those laws were materially different from the English law —That neither the parties nor judges could besupposed to be acquainted with the English law. Then the witnel ' s being asked, what method was followed by the creditor of a principal Rajah, for recovering his money, before the Dewannee was ceded to the company ? informed your committee, that the jperson who lent his money to the Rajah mufl have trulied to the Rajah’s honour, knowing that there was no jurisdiction which would inforce the payment by any violent process, Being a ( ked, whether, before the arrival of the judges in Bengal, there was not a large trade carried on in all parts of the country, much money dealing, and rouqh credit given ? the witpefs answered, there certainly was.

Your committee then examined Charles William Boughton Rouse, ’ Esq. a member of your committee : who being a ( ked, whether under the Mog Jl government a zemindar was considered as a collector of revenue, and a ler - vant of the ( late, or as a landholder ? informed your committee, that he is Dot quite certain about the first origin of zemindars; but he is very certain, that ever ( ince the subjection of Bengal to the Mogul government, they have been considered as the hereditary landholders of the country—That in Bengal they are mostly Gentoos, very few Mahomedans—That a Mahomedan may become zemindar by purchase—That in the province of Bahar he be lieves there are many Mahomedan zemindars. Then being aiked, if those zemindaries were considered as subject to sale for debt, without the consent of government ? he said, moil certainly hot; that some have been fold since ( after the company became possessed of the Dewannee ) by order of the go vernor general and council, for deficiencies of the public revenue, but that thi government has always been very tender of coming to that extremity—That the distri&s of Cherolea apd Mudodea were fold in 1776, and the new pUr - ehafer confirmed in possession by an instrument of the governor, called p Tun Vol. II, Oos hudj

Dig y

466, PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

nud; but fuchwas the attachment of the inhabitants to their old zemindar, 1 that they revolted against the new purchaser, who was not estabfiflied in possession but by a military force; and a great deficiency was occasioned in the revenue of those distrieto. Then being asked, whether finCe the late letting the farms in 1772, upon advanced rents, the quality of the zemindars has bem so far altered as to make them considered as officers of revenue, and servants of government ? The Witness replied, that he thinks notin any respect; that besides, at the expiration of that farming term of "five years, government f ? w the expediency of restoring the lands to the possession of the ancienr inindars, rather than entrust them with temporary tenants; and that, in the settlement made for the Dacca province, in October 1777. the provincial council, ( of which the witness had the honour to be chief ) have this paragraph in their letter to the governor general and council, 4t We have the pleasure to remark, that in theend notone ( ingle pergunnah was given in farm ’ — ' Thatitvaj always his opinion, that thedeprivation of the ancienr zemindars, was both impolitic and unjulb—/That the number of zemindars in the D icca province, who pay the revenue immediately to government, mull be about four hundred, some great, some small, the larged of them not paying a revenue of above twenty thousand pounds a year—That thecapital zemindars in theDa ca province, and other provinces he is acquainted with, are considered as men of rank—Th t they are very much respe&ed throughout the country; that obedience is paid I to their power and influence; and that the attachment of the inhabitants to their zemindar amoupts almost to devotion—That in respect to the powers they exercise, the patent of confirmation which is given to every zemindar, under the authority of the Nazim or Mogul ' s viceroy, and Pewan or Mogul leceiver general, deferibes their functions, and gives them a v£ry considerable juri ( cli&ion; and that, it Was under the sanction of that patent, that the En glish company exercised civil and criminal jurisdlflion in that country, previous to tKe mftitution of the supreme court of judicature; and that the criminal court which they held before the acquisition of the Dewannee, was called the zemindary court—That the Witness believes this fvflem has pre vailed throughout the Mogul empire ever since the reign of Akb. tr, very near two hundred years ago, w ho formed a system of regulations which have beta much respe&ed ever since. Being asked, whether the zemindars are looked upon by the people who jive under them as their natural hereditary protectors, connected with them in blood and manners, or a f t of people acting as ‘mere servants of government, who they think want the inrerposition of s strong pbwer to prevent their opprdfions ? The witness answered, that the inhabitants are generally diflTatisfied, if a servant of government is sent to supersede the power of the zemindar; and he does not think the zemindar in general incline to oppress their husbandmen, but rather to compromise difficulties with the m, and prote < 5l iheni —That he does not consider zemindars as collectors of the revenue for government, or in any respect as servants of the company, but rather as hered : tary proprietors, paying a fixed tribute w government; that they are considered &s the natural nobility and gentry of the country; but that the rules of that government give them more power than our constitution can giveJ to persons of equal rank and property ' here. Being asked, when the zemindary courts ceased in Calcutta f the witness fai < f, a new arrangement for all Bengal was formed in the year 1772the particular of which, with the description of gll the courts, and definition of all their

pewtr ?,

A. 1781V t > tB A T E S.

powers, are entered at hrge in the Seventh Report Of the Committee of Secresy; and that plan continued to prevail in Calcutta until it was superfe - ded by tht arrival of his Majesty’s judges, and that the court of zemindary continued there till 1772. Being aiked, whether the civil and criminal ze - ifiindary courts existea under the Mayor’s court ? the witness said, that dowa to 1 he year 1772, an absolute jurisdiction was exercised within the diilridt of Calcutta over the natives, in a civil court, called the court of Cutchcry 5 anfd ' in a criminal court, called the zemindary—That ' after 1772, similar Courts were formed, under the title of Dewahnee Adaulot, dnd PhouftUry A&airiut; Thdn being aiked, what was the difference in the management of tf/e company in the collection, of their revenues from the respective zeminda - ries, ' before Regulation in 1777, as to the appointment of collectors or ' iditiindars ? the witness informed your committee, that he does not conceive tVafc the whrd u appointment" can, in the most distant degree, apply to zemindars; the prhierpat alteration which took place, at least in the Dacca di - ftite, ' which Comes ' moss within his knowledge, Was in retaliating zemindars who tiad before bCcn dispofTefled. Being aiked, what was the difference in fh ’ e cbllection of the revenues between a collector and zemindar ? beanswered, that the collections are made from the same sources by both 5 but with regard fa; individuals, there is this difference, that the collector receives a stipulated falaiy, and is liable only for what he can collect; whereas the zemindar collects from his own proprietary land, and is liable for the established revenue, whether he collects it or nor. Being aiked, whether they are not both removeable by, and accountable to, the company ? the witness said, the power erf the collector necessarily ceases when his service is performed; the possef - fion of the Zemindar is permanent, and he is not held liable to removal, buc for great deficiencies of rent, according to regulations which have formerly been established; and; as he has already informed the committee, the governor general and council ( for no subordinate authority has the power to do it ) are very tender of proceeding to the extremity of depriving a zemindar of his hereditary zemindary. Being aiked, whether in the zemindaries where there are collectors of the revenue, these collectors are treated with more or left respect than the zemindars ? he said, if the question means to apply to English collectors, those persons. are considered as the immediate servants of government; but this authority does not supersede that of the zemindars— That the English collectors receive the rents of the company, as DeWan front the zemindars themselves, without any interference with the cultivators or under - tenants—That natives arc sometimes sent to take charge of the lands of a zertiindar, for default of payment, and they are naturally respected as fer - Vants of government must. be; but that this respect to them proceeds from fear, and not from attachment. Being aiked, whether the ion. or heir of a zemindar could be refofed admission to the succession of the zemindary, by the Mogul or the officers of his government ? he said, whilfthe was ta Bengal, he made much enquiry into this subject, as being of the highest importance to the security or property, the nature of landed tenures in Bengal, anti. the equitable government of that country; and according to the be ft information he could ever derive frbro books, or from conversation with the most intelligent natives, he has the strongest reason to bdieVe, that zemindaries were always considered under the Mogul government, except in times of anarchy and usurpation, to be an hereditary property, which it wiruld have been re - v Oooa garded

P A R LI AM E NT ARY A. 17S1,

gardedaa an a# of tyranny in the sovereign to infringe unless for default of the possessor in paying the stipulated revenue or for rebellion, or ferae atrocious cuilpabdityr—He as been informed, that the heir of a zemindar might have applied, to the court of justice, qomposed of thecauzee and mufcees, or to the de - wannee officers, for a decision upon his title to the succession, if disputed by another claimant; and that even the Emperor Aurungzebe was known to pur qhafe zemiodary lands from the hereditary zemindars. In a variety of cases which he has known referred to Mahomedan or Hindoo lawyers, the right of fen of heir to succeed to the possession of a zemindary has never been brought into doubt. Moreover, he had seen opinions of Mahomed Reza Gawn, now Naib Subah of Bengal and of the late Rajah Shitabroy both of themve/y able men, and long versed in the affairs of the Indoftan government and the latter brought up at Delhi in the service of Mahomed Shah’s ministers : which say most decisively, that the fonof a zemindar has a right to succeed his father in the possession, even independently of any funnud

« from the government. However, it has been. usual to obtain one : government, in order to confirm the title of the new possessor, and to have it entered in the public records; by which his authority over the lands fa more completely efUblished. The patent likewise authorised the zemindar to fu peri n tend the internal police of his distri&, and to bring just ice home to the people, who saw it administered by men holding a permanent interest in ( he prosperity of the country; this was the more necessary, when the claimant was heir in a collateral line, ot in a more distant degree to the last pofiessor : upon these occasions, certain fines were paid to government and fees to the public officers; this payment is dill continued in Bengal, but is rendered very moderate by the regulations ot our government; indeed, were it not so, the zemindars in general would not be able to pay it under the inhanced and unsettled rent to which their lands have been subje&edby the English government, and in feme periods under that of the revolted Nabobs who preceded the English; a system which an attentive consideration of the subject has induced him to think unjust in its principles pernicious in its consequences, and not pfodu&ive in the application. He has seen opinions similar to those he has already mentioned, from the Roy Royan who was the chief superintending officer of the khalfa or exchequer, of the pundits or interpreters of the ancient Hindoo laws, and of the Canougoos, who formerly held their appointment from the emperor, and had their deputies in every subordinate difhid to expound the usages of the country ( as the term of Canougoo implies ) and to authenticate and record all conveyances and transfers of landed property. They say, that a zemindary devolves to the fen or heir of a zemindar and although the country belongs to the King, and he may indeed give it to whom he pleases, yet that it is neither conformable to justice nor to the custom of the country that he should join it to any other than the lawful heir, either male or female.

Edward Baber, Esq. being examined, informed your committee that he bad resided in Bengal upwards of 17 years; that he left it in January 1780; that he was In the company’s employment first, as resident of Midnapore and afterwards as chief at Muxadabad; that the collections of Coffijurah were under his direction as resident of Midnapore;. that the amount of the revenue actually paid by the Rajah of Coffijurah was, he believes, between 15 and 20, 9091. pounds per annum; that he was the principal zemindar of the 1.. 4 *. distfdl;

A. 1781. ' D EJ. ' A T E S. 469

diffriCl; that he was treated by the witness with that respect that was due to a person of his rank and consequence; that he was con fide red by the name in general as a man of foperior rank; that he was lboked up to with respe&, and treated with deference j that he was of ahighcaft of" Hindoos, - either a Bramin or a Cuttry, which is the next cast to a Bramin; that he believes the zemindary has been a long time in his family; that he lives in a ( late of grandeur. Being aiked, what effect he conceives the serving a writ by process of the fuprerr. e court upon such a zemindar would have upon his ryots, or fub - tenants i hefitid, that the effects would be various; that he ihoUld think they would, in the first instance, be impressed with furprue and horror at seeing a person whom they have always been taught to respect and obey treated in a manner which to them would appear an indignity; that he fltoyld also conceive it would tend to leilen that respect : and obedience which they have been hccirftomed always tp pay to their zemindar, for they eonfider him in the light of a superior, who has a sovereign authority over them. Being alkedf what effeff the compulsive abTence of a zemindar would have upon his zemindary ? he said, it would depend upon circumstances—if it were a sudden and compulsive requisition, at the critical time of the collections, it. certainly would have a bad effect; and if it were at the infiance of his fub - tenants or his collectors, it Would have a fiill worse effect, by impeding the collections; that, in the instances above alluded to, the revenue of the company would certainly be injured by the absence of the zemindar ., Being aiked, whether the plea of the fufierings of the zemindar in person or property, if obliged - to attend the summons of the supreme court, would be heard in mitigation of iarrears due by him to the governor general and council ? he said, he should imagine not. Being aiked, in what manner process would be served upon a Zemindar under the government, as established before the arrival of the judges ? belaid, it would depend upon the circnmfiances of the cause, whether criminal or civil, or whether it was a point relative to the cplle&ioos; and in all these cases, the necessary of his presence would be considered; be - cause, if it related to the collections, his deputy would attend, so in case of Jdebt; but in criminal matters the zemindar would be ordered to attend himself, and then a petwannah would be issued, requiring his personal attendance; but in this cafisyespect would be paid to his rank and fiation, for it - would not be Tent by a common messenger, but by a choubdar; that if he disobeyed this perwannah, a more peremptory summons would be sent, and the consequences of his neglect particularly represented to him; instead of one choubdar, more would, be : ent, and he would be threatened with compul five measures; which, if he continued to refill, his house would be surrounded, and he would be prevented from performing his ablutions; and if he came out, his person would be seized, but if he took refuge in the temples or zenana, particular care is taken not to violate those places. Then being aiked, whether zemindars were liable to personal process from private claim$ ?, the witness informed your committee, that this point was agitated by the governor and council about 1773, and several questions proposed by the board ', in which this mode of process was particularly defined, and regula -. lions framed for the guidance of the provincial councils. Then being aiked, Whether farmers of land under the company are considered in Bengal as mere collectors of revenue would be considered in England ? he answeredj that in order to afford the committee a famfa&ory answer to this question, it

;. - ‘ ~ * ’ ' win

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ) w.

Will be lieccittry to give more than A bare negative, and to add an exjd - ination ' of the tenures in Bengal, for a parallel can scarcely be drawn between a ttie ' re cofleftor of a reven le which ' antes from taxes on various articles, and proprietor or farmer of land, where the revenue is paid from the produce of that land. A. zemindar and landholder in Bengal hath an hereditary right to the didKft of which he is a land of feudal lord; a certain proportion of the produce of his lands, which proportion was fixed by the nabob, ' who, to carry on the allusion, was the lord paramount,. was lli ' pulated to be paid by the zemihdars in fixed monthly payments; this settlement w as annual, and the sum so fixed was the revenue Of government, all abo e belonging of course to the zemindar; when he had made his agreement with government he had then to make his own with the ryots or tenants; some parts of his lands he might perhaps let to responsible people, and others he would hold in his own hands, and appoint his own collectfors; but in both in fiances, the zemindar had a judicial authority"; and to his couft and cutcherjf appeals were made, and complaints Were lodged, if either the farmers, or his own collectors oppressed the tenants by exactions, or if there were litigated accounts; on this judicial authority was built the foundation of that power, which was to enable him to enforce his Collections; and consequently it met with every reasonable support from that government, which was to look to those collections for its revenues ' This is a very summary and gene - 1 ral account of the mode of settlement in the nabob ' s government. In some of the districts which were ceded by the nabob Chflim Ali CCwn, the governor and council adop - ed the mode of farming, and also of letting the lands on longer leases, to the zemindars themselves, inllcad of the annual settle ments; however, in mod parts of Bengal, BahaK, and Orissa, and I believe, if I except Burdwan and the Calcutta pergunnahs, I may say in all parts, the usual custom obtains, of making settlements with the zemindars; but then they have been lately made for five years indead of one, au& in Bahar for life. The zemindar, in many respects, resembles feudal lord; on the birth or marriage of the eldest son, he was complimented by a contribution from his tenants, or rather valTals, for they resemble them much more; if he wedt on a pilgrimage to Jaggerna ' ut or Benares ( places of worflup ) they contributed to the expence of his journey; if he travelled in his own di « drifts, his table, and that of his retinue, was furnished by them; they received him with the utmost respect and deference; and when they have 6c - cafipn toaddrefs oraccod him, they do it in the humbiefl terms, and in the moftfuppliant manner; they obey his summons, and attend his dandard on anyemergency of danger : be can oblige them to make public roads, or repair dykes; he is answerable for all robberies committed in his didrifts, and consequently the ngulation of the police partly belongs to him; in short, though a tributary himfeH to the nabob, he was in moil points the lord of his own didrift, and treated as a sovereign prince by his tenants or vafTals, who are taught from their infancy to owe him fealty, respect his commands and obey his authority. Government had a power ' to suspend the zemindar ' s authority over the collections of his lands, in cases of mismanagement, and there have been instances in which it hath been exercised, and the whole dif - trift let out to farm; but in such a case, and indeed in all cases where a farm is granted by the company, the farmer fUtnds precisely in the situation of a ze mindar, as far as regards the management of the collections; he appoints

A. 1781. DEBATES. 47 *.

his own collectors; he holds his court of cqtchery, to which complaints are preferred, and in which litigated accounts are settled; he regulates the poT Jice, and is responsible for all robberies committed in his farm, if he docs hot apprehend the thief : he can use certain conapulfive measures,. from hia own authority, to oblige his tenants to pay their rents, if they are in arrear; he enters into an agreement with the company in their capacity of the l£ing of Delhi’s dewan, for the performance of these duties, and they enter inr one with him, granting him the lands, and these privileges, for a limited fame; whtlft he performs the terms of this agreement, he is totally inde ? pendent of the company, free to act as he pleases, nor have they thefmalleil right to interfere with hr controul his conduct. There is a mutual obligation, whereby the contracting parties are bound to the performance of certain articles; but this mutual obligation by no means implies the idea of maftet and servant, nor can it bring the farmer to the firuation of a mere collector of revenue in England, who is a servant appointed by government for the simple purpose of receiving tares on certain articles, for which service they pay him wages, and can dismiss him at pleasure. Being aiked, whether any attention was paid by the country courts to the seasons of the year, with regard to lifting perwmnahs ? the witnesssaid, that during the time of harvest,

• the process of court was suspended; and that in the country government it was carried lb ’ ll farther, for at a particular season regular perwannahs were issued, declaring the suspension, and forbidding complaints to be inllituted during that season. Then being aiked, whether the accounts of the securi - ties of zemindars were not liquidated and adjusted by the revenue depart ment ? he said, they were, upon any disputed account betwixt zemindars and their collectors, or rjrors, v or their securittes; that. the mode is by petition to, the chief and council of thediltrift in which they arise, who generally adjust them; but if it is of ftrfficient consequence, the provincial council refer it to the governor general and council at C lcutta, in their revenue department, who decide finally. Being asked, whether, in case of oppressions committed by government’s collectors, or by zemindars or farmers, the cflablishment of country courts affords the means of redress to the opprdTed and if any, of what nature ? he said, the regulations of the governor and council have amply provided for redress in every case of this kind. Then being aiked, whether under each provincial dewan there are public officers, whose particular duty it is td feminize and adjust contested accounts between zemindars and the cultivator; and it there are, by what titles they are called ? he said that the dewan is an officer upder the provincial council, and that there are officers under him, for the adjustment of accopnts; that the aumeen is the officer; that they were nominated by the provincial council, and approved by the governor general and council. Then being aiked, whether, if a native collector or zemindar commits personal cruelty upon the ryots, he is liable to prosecution in the criminal courts of the country government ? he said, this is also provided for by the regulations of the gover *; nor and council above alluded to; that if it be a criminal case, it is referred to the court of phoufdarry. Being asked, from whom do the judges of the court of phoufdarry receive their appointment ? the witness said, that the Naib Soubah receives his appointment from the nabob, and all other officers from the Naib Soubah. Being aiked, by what laws the country courts admini fter judice between natives, civil and criminal ? he said, between Maho - inedans, by the Mabomedan law; and between Hindoos, by the Hindoo law.

Being

4jt PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Being aiked, whether, as Chief of Muxadabad, the country of the Ran nee of Raclihi was not under his jurisdiltfon ?. he said, it was. and that the annual amount of the revenue Ihe paid to government, was between 220 and 50, 0001. That ( lie did not conduct the public business of that trail herself, btit it was traofacted by her agents; that ( he never appearedin public; that be never saw the places of her residence; that ( he lives in great state; that the is a Bramin. Being aiked, if he knew of any process served against her In the country courts, and what was the mode of serving it ? he laid, the custotnary one, through the vakeels or agents. Being aiked, in what light be thinks the people or her country would consider a personal process served on her by a serjeant of the supreme court of judicature ? he answered, he cannot possibly say in what manner their idea of the power of the supreme court might operate, but he should think they would resist such a process, as much as an attempt upon her life. And being aiked, whether he is acquainted with the money transactions of the country ? he said, that in the course of bufipefs they have come before him. Being aiked, wherher the landed people, from the highest to the lowed, are not in debt to the monied people at some period of the year ? he said, he believes they are, and for this reafoo, that their payments of revenue are by monthly initalments; that of course there are seasons of the year when they are not furnished with money from the sale of their crops, and therefore borrow it of their ihroffs. Being aiked, what would be the consequence of making the collection of the revenue attend the gathering in and sale of the crop ? he said, that he has frequently heard from the moil experienced men in the country, that if the revenues were not to be collected by monthly initalments, it would not be possible to collect them at all. Being aiked, whether ' that depends upon the uncertain time of the sale of the crop, or what other cause ? he said, that he cannot particularly reply to the cause, blit he believes that much depends on thedif - position of the people. Being aiked, whether there is not a money security generally given by the zemindar to the public, at the time of letting him the lands, and whether that security has not some advantage from the transaction ? he laid, there have been such securities given, and he supposes they have some advantages; that besides those debts created for Ihoit terms upon the crops, most of the landholders are indebted considerably to the money denied. Being further aiked, what would be the effect upon the landed interelk of that country, if alt the money dealers were suddenly permitted to use the rigor of English process and execution, to exalt the payment of those debts ? he laid, he believed it would dispossess all the principal landholders, and of course Bop the collections. Being aiked, whether it is not common in that country, after some delay, to add the interest to the principal, and making a new capital, both bearing interest ? he answered, that it was the custora of the country, but it had been flriltly forbidden and provided against in the regulations be alluded to in his former evidence. Being aiked, what interest it is usual to take in that country ? he said, by the regulations 24 per cent, is limited, but he believes it may be often exceeded according to the exigency of the borrower; but they cannot sue for it in the country courts if it exceeded 24 per cent, for if they take more, the lender forfeits the capital; but that the collulion of parties dees not make it easy to derelt such praltkes, and that he thinks the custom has not been so much in use ft nee the regulation ., Being aiked, if there are no : many old debts ( formed in that manner )

Bill

A. ' 1781; 4 DEBATES. ’ 473

lHt ! existing, fend in which the difference between the original capital and the fnperadded interest will be very difficult to be ascertained ? he said, he believes there are. The witness having said, that the effect of English process and execution would be generally ruinous to the landholders ? and being asked, What would be more favourable in the ordinary process of the country courts ? ( hid, that the manner of proceeding is more lenient; instead of issuing a capias, they apply to their vakeel or agent; they esquire of him the nature or the, debt, and of the circumstances attending it; they do not think of going into a peremptory process, but do all they can to accommodate the dif - pme; they give the vakeel time to write to his principal, and receive his explanation. If, after all, the complaint comes before the court, it is contented with the attendance of the vakeel without bail, and unless the case is of a very particular nature, they never require the attendance of the zemindar; and the confinement of the vakeel is frequently substituted for that of his principal; andfome months of the year, zemindars are excused from all pro - eefs of the court; and supposing a decree to be given against the zemindar, his lands could neither be fequetfered nor fold, without a full explanation of the causeand time of the debt being incurred, and every circumstance being clearly represented to the governor general and council, and their previous sanction obtained : the governor general and council in their regulations have Wrongly recommended, in all cases of the kind, a particular attention to be. paid to the situation of the zemindars, as persons from whom government was to receive its revenues, so that justice might be administered, and the, public interest not be affected by it. The witness further fays, that he has not heard that the monied men have complained of the want of a more vigorous and effectual means for the recovery of their debts, that the want of those means has tibt been felt as a general grievance in the counrry. And being asked, whether the use of such means would not contribute to lower the rate of interest in Bengal ? said, he thinks the : regulations its at present established would be fully anfuerable to that purpose. And being a Iked, whether if English process and law, civil and criminal, was to pervade those provinces, the rtfidence of ope or more English attornies would not be necessary in most of the towns ? he said, he should think that one tnuft be the consequence of the other. Being asked, whether, besides the stipend paid by the company to the cauzees and muftees of the provincial courts, they have any private practice ? he said, they have, and, in general, deeds are not valid without their attestation; besides which, they 61 as re - gifters and notaries public; that the cauzees and muftees are considered as tnen of learning and knowledge in the Mahomedan laws; th. t they are not considered as corrupt and venal. Being asked, whether the chiefs and members of the provincial council ip general understand the language of the country ? he said, he knew it was the case in the council he bad the honour to preside in, and he believes it was so in general. Being asked, after how many years service a servant of the company can attain a feat in the proving cial council ? he said, it is not limited to a certain time, but he believes there are few instances in which it has happened under 9 or 10 years; supposing trim to be a writer of 17 years of age upon his arrival in the country, he will be 2$ Or 26 when he arrives to < hat station.

Willlarti Lushington, Esq. being then examined, informed your committee, that he resided ten years in India, in the service of the company, and was Vol. I P p p collector

474 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

collector of Hougly; that part of the distri&s over which he presided, were in the Bengal province, and part in OrifTa; that he had several zemindars tinder his authority, who did not exercise any jurisdiction over the inhabit tants of his district; that the ryots or inhabitants of the land entertain a very great respect for the zemindar; who, in the absence of the representative of government, is understood to be in veiled with the care of the diliri&; that the representative of government is in mofl cases the person who has utacler - taken the farm of the distritt, and generally is invested with the administratioa of the judicial power; that in most cases a reserve is made to the zemindar of certain lands lying near to his place of residence, which are called househoki farms; that there are also some other trifling articles of the public collection which seem to have been instituted as a particular compliment to the zemindar, and are reserved to him; that before the English collectors were sent into the respective difiri&s, the zemindar, when farmer, exerci '. ed civil and criminal jurisdiction, subject to the superior authority of the difl ' id. The witness being then asked, in whom the supreme judicature of the dillridl of Mid - napore was veiled, before the arrival of the English collectors, and by what authority the civil and criminal Judges were appointed ? informed your committee, that to answer thisqueilion completely, it is necessary to go back, to the time when King Akbar reduced the province of Bengal to the efficient government of the Great Mogul; that tolcontroul this subordinate province with more effect, Akbar divided the powers of government; that the admi niflration of the criminal jurisdiction, the military establishment, and the conduct of political affairs, were placed under the direction of an officer, intituled Nazim; that the revenue jurisdiction, and the power of determining upon all civil causes, were confided to another civil officer, called Dewan; that the two departments were respectively independent; that provision was made for the expences of the Nazim, by orders from Delhi upon the Dewan; and positive directions were given not to exceed their orders, but in cases cf great emergency. The civil jurisdiction of Bengal was exercised by officers appointed from the respective superior departments at Moorfhedabad; that this was the wife plan of provincial government, marked out and pursued with effeCl by Akbar; but the vigour of government declining under his successors, the Nazim of Bengal availed himself of the diflan t situation province from the feat of government, and gradually assumed to himself a slate of independence; but the resolution made no alteration in the forms of government; that the office of Dewan continued in possession of all its powers over the revenue and civil jurisdiction of the country, with this difference only, that he nec fla ily became accountable to the actual government that the distribution of the executive powers of government, described as above has prevailed Ever since; and that when the witness left Bengal in 1773 - the provincial officers for criminal and civil jurisdiction received their appointments from the office of Nazim, and that of Dewan in Calcutta. ' The wk « ness being then asked, whether any appeal lay from the determinations of the Phoufdar and Dewan of the district, and to whom ? said, there were appeals to the respcClive supreme departments at Moorfhedabad, the metropolis; but that there were no prescribed modes for making such appeal; that if the Phoufdar sentenced a man to death, he could not execute it without the approbation of the Nazim; that the Nazim should preside in the supreme courts, but delegates his authority to the Naib Nazim; that the Dewan pv&

A 1781. i DEBATES. 475

in the ©the department; and that their sentences were final; that the administration ? of the judicial powers, and the modes of proceeding already - ddcribed were continued from the period when the office of dewannee was granted by the Mogul to the company, until the time when the company’s lerratj nverc font to take charge of the collections of the revenues of the country. When the appointments of the company’s fetvants to the feverat ©ilirich in which the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa were divided, took place, the object of that appointment was to examine into the state and extent of the public collections, and into the general condition of the distrilt,

> with a view to appertain whether, by extending cultivation, or by reducing •charges, airy improvements might be made in the fame, without increasing the demands upon the occupiers or ryots—That the appointment was declared. 4© he of a temporary nature, and to expire at the end of the year; that the titUity of this institution having been experienced, it was affirmed at the end •of. the year; and upon the accession of Mr. Hastings to the government, various regulations were established to direct the administration of the judicial nd civil powers in the provinces; that the judicial powers were exercisedin eheffird in fiance by a court, confiding of the native officers of justice, the oauzees and mu frees, whose proceedings were subjected, to the superinten - danoe andoontroul of the collector; from whose decisions likewise there lay « o appeal to the superior courts of Sudder Adaulut, exercised by the governor general and council—That the controul of the criminal and civil judicature of the differ iff was in the collector of the revenues of that distriA; but fha& there was a local definitive jurisdiction given to the farmer, to decide upon Jill catties of maim « t tuum, under the value of ten rupees,

t > Th « thecaqzees and muftees were appointed by the Sudder Adaulut, to prevent any dependency upon the colleger; that they had a fixed falarjr, and were not entitled to any fee or perquisite whatsoever; that with respect tto their ualifications, the first consideration was '; their competency in point knowledge of the laws and customs of the, country; that most of them were menef learning and education, and of a respectable order in life; and ‘that their appointments were not for life—That the witness does not know at a ho&recommendation they were appointed or displaced; but that they came dnto < the distrfefes with appointments from the superiors of their otvn order. 4n. < Ealcucta, and the collector was apprized by the governor and council of jfach appointments—That no inilances of their being displaced happened under him as. colfe6for of Hougly, or in any other district to his knowledge within the twelve months he resided there; and that the collector had not the power of removing them. The witness being affiod, whether at the time of the committee of circuit of Bengal, the native zemindars were not obliged to - become farmers under government of their own native zemindaries ordiftri&s, at high advanced rents, or whether, in case of refusal, they were nor dif - pofllfled of their zemindaries, and the fame let to the best bidder ? answered, that the most effectual methods were taken to ascertain by publication the rent Fond value of the subordtnate farms in the district of Hougly; that, when 6tbe competition produced by this publication operated to settle the fair value such farms, they were tendered to the zemindar upon such terms, but; that thei r accepts nee of such offers was not to preclude them from a compensation, which was cpnfidered as due to their rights as zemindars; that thit oompensation, in the event of taking such farms, was appropriated as a fe -

Pppa enritp

L.

475 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 t.

curity for the payment of their rents; but if - the farms of their zemindary were ultimately let to a stranger, in that case, a stipend was settled upon the zemindars at the ratio of 10percent, upon the neat colk&ion of such farms —That in feme parts of the difiri&, the zemindars accepted. of the farms within the zemindary on the terms above described, but that in other pates they did not—That the person who in Bengal is called a farmer under government, does not rent and actually cultivate the foil, but only rents the revenues and dues issuing therefrom to government—That he contracts to pay a certain sum to government for the collections arising from that district, but is prescribt d in making such collections by a particular fiatement of the rights and dues which he farms from government, and which her s prohibited from exceeding—That no specific fmn is allowed for his trouble and responAbility out of the surplus revenue but that the profits of the farmer, which mtm form his inducement to take the farm, a rife from two foutces, an extension of cultivation, and superior management and ( economy in the mode of c < d - ‘lecting the revenue; but the witness does not understand that the farmer is precluded fromdifpofing of the lands farmed to him to thebeftadvantage, which may prove an additional source of profit to him 5 and he conceives that the farmer of the revenues could, at his pleasure, dispofiefs the actual cultivator or potiahholder of the land of which he farmed the revenues, unless he was restricttd from the exercise of such right by a pottah giving a specific term—That a pottah holder, in the provinces, is to be considered merely as ‘an occu, ier, entitled only to such term and such particular advantages as his pottah entitles him to; that his pottah is granted by the reprefetuattve of government in the difirift, under whatever denomination, and be believes is countersigned by the zemindar; and that the payments reserved by theie pottahs are pjid in w hole totbefe farmers of revenue. Being aiked, whether such farmer does not in many infiances possess and exercise coercive powers ‘over the persons and properties of the ryots, or lowefi class of occupiersf the witness said, he is not mvefted with such powers, nor does he believe they are exercised, and that he does not recollect an infiance in his colie&orfttip. JAnd being ask : d, whether, in general, he does not consider the farmer in Helped to the ryots as {landing in the place of colledqr, and by what methods he could, on their refusal, enforce payment ? he said, that he certainly is the authorized collector, and that a regulation was established in the dewannee office of Hougly, by which a particular regifier was to be made of all the Teafes from the farmer to the fub tenant, with a view to facilitate an enquiry ' into matters of dispute between the farmer and the ryot; and that the farmer Hvas directed, upon any difficulties arising between him and the ryot on the adjustment of accounts, to make his complaint to the dewan, to settle such ' disputes by a reference to the lease. and to the accomptaut of payments, as entered in the office of Kirchumchally. The witness being aiked, whether, When the ancient hereditary zemindar was con ft rained to rent his hereditasy Tand upon the new terms, he was from thenceforward considered as a mem ' revenue farmer and a servant cf Europeans; or whether he acquired aqy new powers which be did not before possess ? said, he considered himJss Wanding in two capacities, that of zemiodar and farmer, and that hedges •not think he acquired any new powers in his capacity as farmer, that he 6d y not. possess as zemindar of the lands. The established regulation - to guide the

candid

V -. -

AttfSti

DEBATES.

47

conduct of farmers having rather curtailed than increased the powers exer - cHed by the zemindars, when they were renters of their own lands. He farther said, that most of the lands in the government of Bengal were putj to the option - of the ancient zemindar. Being asked, whether, if violences were committed by farmers or zemindars farming their own lands, or by the government ' s colle#ors, the country government afforded any sufficient mode redress f he informed your committee, that the office of dewannee was the ftppoitated place for receiving such complaints; that when the zemindars were farmers under the company of their zemindaries, he con fide red them as t&ntra&ois with thecoihpany in their capacity of dewans, fora certain rent to be paid Out of the lands of their zemindary. Then being afe d, whether, IH 5 such, they were considered as servants of the company ? the witness said, that he does not consider the farmer of any revenue in that country as a fei > vant of the company ny more than he should consider a tenant in Englanc ( Co be a servantof his landlord; and that he conceives that the company, id their Capacity of ddivan, contract with the zemindar for the payment of a Certain fom, which - continues him in the possession of his zemindary during the tefm of the coritra#; that the zemindar, when constituted farmer by the company, is as liable to account, according to the terms of his contract, as any other farmer would be. The witness being asked, whether the payments of thezemtodars to the eompany are stipulated rent on contfa#, or t x ud tmposition, according to our ideas of taxes in Europe ? said, he considered ft as a contract - between the company and the zemindars. And being asked, whethei such farmer is the occupant or tenant of the land himself, of the cotie#or of the rents and revenues ' thereof due to the company ? he said, he ddes not conceive that he is the occupier of the land himself, but atf he does not a# under a fixed salary, but by his contract or lease, he is fub - $ # to losses as Wei ! as gain. He further added, that the whole cultivation ut thediftrr# is under the dire#ion of the farmer; that he has a right td Cttkivate any land in his distr # that is Uncultivated; that particular encouragement has beeD held out to encrease such cultivations; and that in new fcukivarions the farmer has the profit for the term of his lease.

Major James R. eo. neU being examined, informed your committee, that he Tlfided in Bengal thirteen years, from 1764 to 1776, both inclusive; that he t We a commission in the corps of engineers, and held a civil employment or surveyoV general; that he made a survey of the province of Bengal himself and that the general survey of all the provinces between Bengal ana Delhi Was conduced under his dire#ion; that he is acquainted with the manners nd ctrftom of the natives.

' Being atked, what inconvenience it would occasion to the zemindars or farmers, if they became subject to the attendance of fsimtnonfe of the supreme cdUrt f judicature Calcutta ? he informed yoUr committee that from the

Seat distance at which most of the zemindars are situated from the court of fti e, it ratift necessarily be attended with great delay, expence, and vexation; and the mode of proceeding totally repugnant to their feelings; that it would ruin their credit with the money lenders, and occasion so great a consternation throughout their distri#, as to suspend all the operation of the, civil government; that no more money would be colle#ed in the distri#; fo$ the ryots feting ' their hereditary superior removed, would naturally appre - * head

4 ? 8

PARLIAMENTARY a. 7 n

bend that they would be obliged to pay their rents over again to a stradgerf

who might succeed him.

Being asked, in the course of his journies in the provinces of Beogal, Ba har, and Orillia, what degree of respeel did the common people pay to their respective zenlindars ? said, that the common peopleregard their zemmdarsat a kind of I ' overeign in the great zemindaries such as Ra lki Burdwan, Di « nagepore, &cc. and that in the smaller zemindaries, they treat them. witboreal - respect, and confder them as their immediate superior—Thai fouae of the great zemindars live in princely fhue.

Being asked, what would be the effect of a warrant fefved By Engijlb bailiffsononeof those great zemindars ? the witness said, he apprehends the bailiff would fall a viffim to the rage of the people, in attempting. to serve the wtit, •— - That he remembersan instance of an attempt to serve. a warrant on. a zemindar of an inferior district, whilst adminiilringjustice in his cutcherj—Thai the at - fendants of the zemindar fell upon the bailiff, and Teverely Wounded him—♦ That the zemindar immediately came to the chief of the province, and declared Be was ready to fubmjt to his authority, but did not imderffand that he was amenable to any other power. Being asked, if some those great, Zemindaries are not held by women ? he laid, that of Radlhi, one of the larged in ' Bengal, containing about 13, 000 square miles, and one of the riche it in JReo - ~ gal, and equal in hze to the 5th part of England and vVales; and that there are several others held by women j but that theie women never appear intbe public functions of the zemindary, nor on any other occasion—Th t under the country government, they would not be liable to personal arrest, for it would bring disgrace upon the whole call— - That the personal acreff of the Rannee of Radflii would be cemfldered as one of the grossest - violations of their customs that could possibly htppcn.

That the military force of the zemindars, Under the present government ! il very limited that under the former they maintained a ponsiderable force— That the inhabitant in general have a most perfect submijfipn to the wiUof their zemindar—That if the body ' of zemindars Ihopld be uifeoutented, they might, at a conjui ( flure favourable to them, have lufficieiU influence to excite the inhabitants to revolt.. lf

That it is very common for people in our provinces, living upon the born Jers, wh ? n they ' find themselves grievou fly oppre fled by our collectors of revenue, to quit their houses, and go into countries not subject to our jurisdiq - don. ( Then being asked, who are the co ’ le&ors of the revenue in the province of Purnea ? he said, he does not know; but in 1765, passing through that district, he observed houses uninhabited, and lands uncultivated j that he enquired the cause, and was informed, that they had quitted their habitations on account of the exaclvms of the c « liedtorSr—. Thajt during the govern ment of Coflim Aii Cawn, 30, 000 families quitted the province of Ruugpore, a very fertile one, in one year, and feitlrd in Coos Bayhar the adjoining province, but then not subject to the jurisdiction of the Nabob. Being asked, whether it was cullomary for the inhabitants of the frontiers of those p vinces adjoining, bur not subje < Sl to Bengal, to come and settle in the Bengal provinces, in case of oppression from their rulers ? he said, no instance has come to his knowledge—That the extremities of Bengal that he are chiefly bounded by hills or woods, and that the mountaineers, bavii \

A. 1781. D £ B A T " ' E S. # 479

fised property, had often plundered the inhabitants of the plains—That as t9 the Bahar province, he has not been much in chose parts.

- Being then asked, whether the cauzets and muftees, and Indian professors df taw, are > in evil repute in that country ? he said, he does not recollect hearing any thing furor against their chara < 5ier$—Thar he has often been in their company—Was told the nature of their office, an. I has seen them treated vefpeft. Being asked, whether tb it respect appeared to him to be the died of fear or of opinion ? hesaid, of opinion—That the people of Bengal tteat all the; learned and religious with veneration, a veneration not ealily conceived by thbfe who have not been in that country, which would hardly be paid to them, if they were considered as generally corrupt.

Being asked; if the natives were dissatisfied with the course of justice, as admir ith tod according to their own laws and ulages ? he said, ' by no means; at > d by what he has learnt from them, the administration of justice in their eoonry courts is juli the fame now as it was under the Mahomedan government—That he believes they - do not desire a better; nor does he suppose they ever did, because ' they are so exceedingly attached to their own manners and ouitairo, tivat they have Scarce an idea of a better mode. Being asked, whe - ther they are not considered as entirely under the influence of English gentlemen, who presidc in the provincial courts ? he said, they are in common, #ith all the - red of the inhabitants of the province; but that the people do not complain of not obtaining justice, on account of the influence of the provincial council over the cauzeesand muftees.

-; T - lien being iked, whether justice has been obfttu&ed by any influence or potter whatever ? he said, he certainly has heard of such reports, bur he knows of no ' fast that has happened within his knowledge. Then being asked, whether English gentlemen h. uc experienced marks of popular displeasure during their government, or at their departure ? hesaid, he ha9 heard of such things. And being tlked, whether he believes it ? said, yes; but that be docs not think it general. Being hiked, if he knows of ary English gentlemen who have been particularly respedied and valued for their good conduct andcorreft dmini liration of justice in their respective distri&s ? he said, he knows of fane whose memories are chcrifhedin the provinces in which they prpfided— That there are gentlemen now resident in England, who receive almost every year letters from natives ’, formerly subject to their jurisdiction, merely on the fare of gratitude. Being asked, whether he knows of any particular chief of a provincial council, who has been lately much respe&ed for his upright admin ill ration, and general good conduct towards the inhabitants ? he said, Mr. Boughroo Rouse, when supervisor of Radffij, had the highest character tfmongst the people of the province; and it was said amongst them, tHaf he sras removed because he would not increase the colle&iom— That he has atfo beard great encomiums upon Mr. Harwood, chief of J ) in igeporer who was aimoiTadored by tjiem; and that Mr. Baber, chief of Muxadabad, was held. ht the highest respect : and that he has likewise heard fail characters of other chiefs ' and principal officers, besides those mentioned, after they had, lett their distrids ? Being asked, whether he has not heard that some of the fc n - #Uih gentlemen haveabufed their authority, toextort money from the native nk their faveral districts ? he said, he has. Then being d, if such reports fevebeen generally believed ? he said, he cannot possibly say how far they

were

4 ? <

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178A

were believed.. Then being further aflced, whether he believed them ? he answexed, yes. Being asked, whether those reports prevailed ( ince the arrival of the judges in Bengal or before ? he said, he could not charge his me mory with the time. Being asked, if they have ceased since their arrival ? he laid, he could not speak to that; but that he apprehended. that the judges can ha e made no alteration in that matter, supposing it to haveexified. Being slk d, if he had heard, that English gentlemen preiiding in thedewannee provinci < d adauluts, have accepted of bribes from the parties for their judgment in causes tried before them ? he said, no. Being Iked, what arc the salaries of gentlemen presiding in the provincial dewannee adaulut ? or if they have any lor such particul r duty ? he said, he knows that the members, of the provincial council receive a faiary of from 6 to 800 rupees a month, hut \ does not know whether there is any particular faiary for that duty. Then being;. fked, if he knows of any profits arising to them from their judicial office ? or, if he ever heard of any gentlemen in the provincial councils, felling his profits from his adaulut to any other for a Quecific ium ? aufweced, no, to both qtieftions.

Your committee conceiving it material to be informed of the extent of the country, numbers, and defe iption, religion,. customs, and manners of persons affected by the Tubjeft of their enquiries, have examined several gentle - ) men on these points : and were informed by Mujor Rennell, late surveyor

General to the company in Bengal, that from Patna to Calcutta is 400 miles 1

y land, and £14, by water; that the journey mull be made by water, during the rainy season, which, as far as regards the swelling of rivers, continues fix I

months; that from the extremity of the Bahar province to Calcutta is 54a Allies by land, and 650 by water; that from Chopra to Calcutta 436 by land, and 548 by water; from Calcutta to the extremity ol Orissa is 180 miles : that from Goalpara, the north tafiern extremity of Bengal, to Calcutta, is 360 miles by land, and 520 by water; that from Chitrigong to Calcutta is 360 miles; that from Patchete, the western extremity, 183 miles; from Calcutta to the northern extremity of the Radllii province, is by land 290 miles, by water 500; ar. d that from the extremity of the Purnea country to Calcutta is 324 miles by land, and 425 by water; that in Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, there are ten millions of inhabitants; that the greateu proportion of the ten millions ' live at ' a difiance from Calcutta; that the proportion of Gentoos to the other inhabitants is four out of five.

Mr. Hickey informed your committee, that the number of British house - holders at Calcutta, within the Maratta Ditch, is about 400.

Harry Vesselft, Esq. informed your committee, that he hadrefided in India twenty - one years; that he had been governor of Bengal three years, and tea years in Council; that there are in Bengal, and its dependencies, ac leafi ( even millions of inhabitants; that eight out of ten were Gentoos, and the rest Mahomedans; that the number of Europeans were four or five thousand; that the inhabitants of Calcutta are now reckoned at fix or seven hundred. thousand, but that in 1750 or I7$i, when a calculation was made, on account of a famine, they amounted to between four and five hundred thousand.

Major Rennell further informed your committee, that travelling is in India foore inconvenient gnd expensive to men of rank, than in any other nation, but to low people Iefs lv > that travelling under the custody ot a bailifi would

x

be

A. 1781. I > \E BAT E S 481

bemuchmore inconvenient to a Geiftoo than to an European, and that the expence would be tieceffarily greater; He further said, that correspondence 19 shore expensive there than in ’ Europe; that there is a constant and regular - poll from Calcutta to the frontier ! of Bahar, another to the frontiers of prifla, a third to the city of Dacca, and tw6 others branching out of the great road to Dirtagepore and Burdwan; that besides these, there are no cross polls, nor - any convenient, mode of communication; that to forward a letter from Calcutta to the north eastern parts of Bengal would cost 15 rupees, because they detod two messengeri with a letter of any consequence, although the post g. < s to £ atna; a letter to Betteah, which is out of the road, mult be sent, by ? a jfpecial messenger.. : - Mr. Hickey aMb fiwd, - the charge v f bringing up witnesses ’ to the fuprenfe court at Cdfcutta *. is very much increased by : hediitanoe of the place where thecaufeof action arises 5 besides which, travelling is much more icxpenfive there than in England.

f Harry VereVft, E ( q. further informed, your committee, that the Gen tops oate taore attached to their manners and customs than any other people upon the face of the earth — - That they would suffer death rather than any indignity, to heircaftr—That finm every knowledge he had of the Gentoos, he, was per - rfuaded, that the Mahomedaos, who have usually carried their conquers by the ' edge of the sword, on all former occasioris, when they arrived in Indoftan, found it absolutely necessary to ( heath the sword, from a thorough con vision, pthat they would deluge the country with blood before they could convert one entoo to their laws and religion; and that they therefore, wifely became the guardians and prote6tors of the Hindoo religion; and that he conceives the country to hav£ been preserved in that state to the time he left. it in the year 1770—That ’ these religious rights and institutions, of which they are so tenacious, are not confiued to their places of worship, but extend to every occurrence of life « - That he begged t6 rdfer to his book, published in 1772— And beingalked, whether he had any reason to alter his opinion since the publication of that work, from subsequent information ? the witness informed your committee, that he was far from having altered his opinion, heing now

- thoroughly convinced, that what he then w illed to impress on the minds of people, regarding the impossibility of introducing the Engiifli laws into In -

' doff an, has been but too fatally realized—That the Hindoo religion tends to keep its followers in a state of ( eparation from strangers; for h admits of no

- converts, and consists of more than nmety separate fectsor calls, ns they ar®

- called—That many of these are subdivided again; but that. the may be all properly termed hereditary religions, as they a e prerervtd distindf from tach

- other, and each is governed by iis own peculiar laws—That these laws are fundamentally taken from the Bede; but that their culloms and manners are also ©onfideredas lawrs, and held as sacred as the B. cie itfelt— That a very tvnfi - derable part of these manners and usages coniiil of corporeal purities and impurities, according to their ideas, and which would not be thought lo by us;

- and that there are strong inft&nces mentioned in the witness ! publication of 1772, from fails of his own know ledge—That some of these imouritie may be contracted, though suffered involuntarily; and that, as an inil « nee 01 it, an

. Hindoo who had afpoonfulof beef broth forced into his mouth, could never be restored to his call; that the witness, ftipporred by all the influence of the; £nglifti government used every means to restore him, without effect : that on. VoJ, II. Qji q Lord

48 PARLIAMENTARY A. 78 *.

Lord Clive’s arrival in India afterwards, they applied tt > tfee Bratnins and met of eminent rank, who Were induced ' tb assemble at different times at Kifnagut at Burdwan, and at Calcutta,; from ' ther period of 1760, when heloit his cad, ♦to 1766, when the last aficmbly was held; that though their inclination made ' them wish it, they could not, afterconfulting all their records, find an example

to justify their rCftoring him to his cast 5 that he oevfcr wad restored, and died of ' broken heart—That in the loss of cast, is included, astoveligion, a total dxcuinmOtiication; and as to cuifoms, manners, apdfociety, that no one of the fame caflcan associate or hold any intercourse with him, not even Iris own wife and children, without ' lofingtheir cast—That profefiions arc uAlally attached to casts, ' thottgh there are exceptions; but th&t a man who has loft his call, cannot follow any trade or profession, beciufe he is deprived of all

‘ society, and avoided as aleper—That having lofta reputable cast of a higher order, he cannot be received into a lower; but muff, with his defeendanti ( though infttoces in the time the witoefs residedln India were very rarejherd With the hallachores—That the hallachores are the loWeftx&fr of people, who clear ' away the ordure, and removo dead bodies, and ard occupied in employments which would defile any odher led - i - That Hindoos of a high caibwotud ptefer de th to the loss of caftthat inferior degreesrbf/pollution, which do not Involve iofs of cast, require expensive and croubjefonie expiations or purifications; such as long pilgrimages, expenccB to - Wamins, charities, fines, and forfeitures, and frequent ablutions—That the dfrtft of throwing persons of high cast intoa common prison with persons of other or no eat, would be, the witness thinks, an unavoidabledofr of cast; for no fe& ef Hindoos can eat or drink with any person who are npt « Hthdoosi without loss of cast; t least, it Would expose the person and his family to : great indignity and disgrace.

The witness being then asked, whether it was ufital, in the time of the prevalence of the Mahomedan government in Bengal, to throw men of hish cast into the common gaol, mixed with others; or whether any man, mostly by fwedring a debt, might obtain a power of seizing such a person, and of committing him to such a gaol, if he did not find bail ? informed ' your committee, that there could be no instance of it; and thatifodid not recoHoft •any such person being sent to a common gaol for debt; that the method of compelling a mau to pay a debt under the Mahomedan government, would be by putting guard over him in his own house; that ? there Was a cutchery for vagabonds, bitt he does not recoiled any prison for debtors; that nr cates of debt, the courts, upon application, granted a guard to confine the debtor to his house, who pays the guard a certain rate per diem whilst on that for - vice; that rhis guard did not always attend the debtor when he went abroad; and that close confinement, such as is practised in England, would in that climate defhoy the prisoner in a short time. The witndfe then being asked, whether it was not customary, during the rime of the mayor’s court at Calcutta, by the process of that court, toarrestand imprison without distin&km

of cast, Hindoos fuhjed to the jurisdiction of that court ? aofwered, that he

- did not understand that the natives of India were, by the charter, in respect

- to debts with each other, amenable to the mayor’s courr, unless by mutual confert; but in cases of suits with Europeans resident in Calcutta, he believed they might f that he docs not know whether apy Hindoos were con -

4 - fined

A. 17 D E Bi ATE S,. 4®$

fined in the common prison, but is inclined to think that none were for debt. Then being affced, whether the inferior calls look upon the higher with re - spe£t and reverence, and consider injuries done to them as national disgraces; dr whether they are not pleased to fee mankind so levelled under the hand of government ? the witness answered, that the respect and reverence paid by the inferior to the superior is, he believes, in no part of the globe more attended to than in Indoftan 5 for he is persuaded, that an inferior, on any occasion of an insult to a superior cast, would consider it as ap higher degree of insult than to one of his own cast, owing to the great respect of the inferior to the superior. The witness further said, that an Hindoo’s accepting a place under an European, would not affect his cast, nor his being employed to ar - rest another by virtue of a proCefs, unless he was 6f a different cast, and eaf and drank with him; nor would touching a man of inferior call make him lose his cast, but it would oblige him to undergo purifications. Being afkecl what inconvenience would happen to a Gentoo of high rank, if he was ar - rested by an officer of the supreme court, and removed to a great distance from his habitation and temple of worship ? the witness answered, disgrace and ruin to himself and family. And being further aiked, if a man of inferior cast was employed to arrest and lay hold of one of a superior cast, ' what f would be the consequence to each. of them with regard to their casts ? the W ness informed your committee, that the merea& of arrest would not bring on any pollution; but should he interrupt, or prevent him in the performan < 3 of the ceremonies of his cast; such as, by intruding upon him during his devotions, by touching him at the time of his meals, or after his waffling, and n a variety of other instances, it would be a pollution.

Mr. Baber informed your committee, that the Gentoos are so prejudiced in favour of their own customs and manners, and of that government under which they have been brought up, that they have no idea or, much less a vvifh for, any alteration; that the laws of England are quite opposite to their manners, customs, and religion; that their laws are so intimately connected with their religion, that a stranger cannot beeafily acquainted with them; that to acquire sufficient knowledge, a long residence, and a close application to the study of their laws, is absolutely necessary; that even then, the learned in Mahomedati and Hindoo laws must, on many occasions, be consulted; that the connection of the laws of that country with its religion must render the imroduction of foreign law : peculiarly offbnfive to its inhabitants and that, in order to introduce them, their customs, manners, and religion inuft be changed; that the inhabitants would be much difjrieased to see the power and influence of the zemindars destroyed, by the equality which the exercise of English law courts would produce. He further informed your committee, that, during seventeen years residence, he never saw the wife, or women, of any rqaq of rank or zemindar; that if any European, however high his rank, w s so ignorant of the customs of India, as to desire to ~ fee the wife of a rajah or zemindar, if it was possible for the rajah or zemindar not to conceive it to he a ludicrous request, he would receive it with. aftoniih meat and horror; that women never walk in the streets, but are parried about in close carriages.

Mr. Vansittart being further examined, informed youf committee, that it i$ Impossible that any people can be more attached to their particular customs,

Qjq religious

484 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

religious ceremonies and observances, than the Gentoos; that it is notorious, that in the time of the famine in 1770, many Gentops chose rather to be Aarved, than to eat the flesh of a cow; that he remembers at Dinagepore, of which didrift he was then superior, an inflance of a poor, starving wretch, of the lower class of people, who ventured to eat a little of the flesh of a cow that had been killed by accident; that he was brought to him as a prisoner by the rajah; who, with the other principal Gentoo officers, were very earned ' with him, that he should be punished with the greated fl verity; that he thinks they demanded his immediate death; that these religious obfer - yances tend to keep the Gentoos entirely in a date of reparation from Aran gers; that he never knew an indance of a convert be. ng admitted to the Genroo religion; that their customs. and manhers operate upon them as more than laws, because they have a religious attachment to them; and that, in fa&, they regulate their conduct; that it is the invariable cudom for Hindoo women of any superior distinction to be secreted from the public eye; that during his fifteen years residence, fie never saw a woman of any rank, such as the wife of a rajah or zemindar; that he cannot exactly say to what inferior classes this date of fe aration defeends; but that he thinks, certainly down to the wife of a reputable merchant.

Major Rennpll also informed your committee, that the Gentoos are attached to t heir customs and manners in a remarkable degree; that they tend tokeep them separate from all the red of the world; that it is very much against their inclinations to absent themselves from their places of residence, and that few occasions can make them remove to any didance from their native spot 5 that he considers the inhabitants of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, as a people in a date of civilization, hardly inferior tp that which prevails in Great Britain, in respectto manners; that their behaviour to each other is exceedingly polite; that they discover nothing of that ferocity visible among some of the lower orders of men in Europe; that they are exceedingly servile. ro. their superiors, and behave with mildness and lenity to their inferiors, as far. as relates to their exterior deportment; but that the lower people, when they have had the afeendency over Europeans, have always behaved with info - lence; that even since the provinces have been in total subjetflion, the inhabitants have maniteded the urmod impatience under our government. ' I hat in the course of his duty, as surveyor general, he was often attacked by people belonging to zemindars, partly, he imagines, with the view of plundering him, and partly because they looked upon him as an intruding ttranger. That he does not imagine there are a thousand natives who underftatid Eng - lifti, and that they live in the principal cities, and serve as interpreters to Europeans—That Hindoo women never appear in the public tun&ions of their zemindarics, or on any other occasions; that it would bring disgrace upon their cad; that during his thirteen years residence he never saw a rajah or zemindar’s uife, excepting one who was going to burn herself on her husband’s funeral pile; that he remembers an indance when an officer of government, being about ro measure the gfoupd on which an Hindoo’s house flood, after some flu file, broke open the door of the zenana or women’s apartment, upon which the mader of the house immediately dellroyed himself by putting his throat; and that he - has also heard, upon the very bed authority, of another indance, in which an Hindoq’s house beiDgon fire, and a multi -

A. 1781. DEBATES. 485

4

tude assembled in the street, the matter of the house, rather than expose the women to the view of the multitude, thrust them into at} in ref apartment,. and was there burnt to death with them.

There being dt this time a bramin in England, who is a subje&of a Gen too government, your committee judging it to be the m. ft authentic source of information, concerning the usages and religion of the Hindoos, requested his attendance; and the particulars of his examination being interpreted by Charles William Boughton Rouse, Esq. a member of your committee, are— that his name is Honwontrow; that he comes from Poonah, a Gentoo govern ment, of which Sittarah is the capital; that it is governed by the Pefhwah, who is a bramin; that he is come to England on the part of Ka genaut Row, with letters to the King, and the Ealt - India Company; that he is a bramin; that his cast, as well as all others is obliged to observe particular rules and modes of life; that the object of worship is alike to aH calls; but that there are many feds and dittinttions, each of which has its peculiar rules; that there are four principal calls, and within these there are a great many others; and that it is criminal for any Gentoo to transgrefe the rules of his particular cast; that he may lose his cast entirely, or according to the nature of the offence; it may admit of expiation. Then being a iked, whether some of these expiations are not expen five and troublesome ? he said, without expence and trouble how can expiation be made ? that it would be proportionable to the crime; for in fiance, brimhatta, or killing of a bramin; flrehatta, or the killing of a woman barhatta, or the killing of a child; gowhatta, or thfc killing of a cow; are the four great offences that require the most rigorous expiations; and the degree of criminality is nearly alike. That he mutt make one distin&ion, that it can only be done by consent ' and direction of learned bramins; that in case of a rich person, the expiation is large sums given in charity; if, of low condition, long pilgrimages, as far as twelve years, without shoes, and naked feet, would be enjoined. That by the laws and customs of the Gentoos, a bramin might possibly commit such a crime as to incur the punishment of death; for inttance, wilful murder; but there is one thing, it is not right to hang a bramin; if he is to be put to death, it should be with a sword. At the lame time the witness added, that he never heard of an inttance in which, under an Hindoo government, a bramin was put to death ? Then being asked, whether there is a y other crime, besides wilful murder, for which a bramin can be punished with death ? he said, the prince may take his life for some great breach of trustor crime against the state; but hanging would not be the punishment; the punishment of death is not inflicted for fmailer matters; but what other crimes can merit death ! That hanging is, by the Hindoos, considered as a great pollution; and further, it is the belief of the Hindoos, that a man who suffers death by the sword, has pardon for his offences; but if he dies by the halter, he dies with his fins upon him—That a person dying by fui - \ cide, or by the halter, cannot have his funeral rites performed; that the body of a hanged bramin is To polluted, that another will not touch it. And being asked the particular reason, the witness said, how can I tell you the reasons for it ? such is our ancient religion# It is a general principle of faith, that an Hindoo should die placed upon the earth. Being asked, whether there are not crimes by which Hindoos may lose their cast ? he said, there are; forioftance, that he, being a bramin, could nofeatuny thing prepared

( ^.

4 6 PARLIA ME WTARY Jr. 17S1.

pared by the hands ’ of the perfee ( who was then fitting by him ); that if hf did, he fhoi > d lose his catt; and that if he had done it of his own free will it could not be expiated; that, though a Gentoo, should he have refitted, if h$ lie forced violently into an act of impurity, it will rest with the learned bra - jnins, whether to restore him to hiacaft again, or notr that they can do no thing in it, but by the order of the Shatter, That they Caaeat only the things that are permitted them by the rules of their catt; that, he has heard the bramins of Canooge eat some kinds of flesh : but that if the braraina in his country eat meat, they would lose their can; that a bramin cannot eat his food unkfs prepared by another bramin; that if he should eat food dr$ft by a person of another catt, it Would be an impurity; that indulgences would be allowed to persons under an extreme illness, or such hunger as might take away power of judgment; but that if be should only be hungry, and had the power of1 distinguishing persons,. no deviation from rule would be air lowed. Being asked, whether there are any distinctions as to vessels or places of cookery ? he said, there are; that, ' for instance he coiftd not dress his food at the fire in the room where he was then fitting, nor could he dress it in borrowed vessels, nor could he dress it upon a wooden floor, but if there was ja span of earth upon the floor, he might; that if a man of another catt, of no catt, was to touch him at his meals, or whilst he was dressing his food, or was to enter into the space allotted by him for the dressing hia food, be should be obliged to throw away the victuals; and if an hallackore, or man of no catt, should come intp the room where his victuals were, the whole thouse mutt be washied before he could eat in it again; that if in the open air an hallachore should touch him, he should be obliged to wash fiimfelf; that some calls would be obliged to wash their cloaths and body, others only their body and some low casts wouldnotbe obliged to wash at all. And being asked, whether he had not suffered# great difficulties in the journey from his own Country to England ? he said, yes, very great; that from Bombay to Mocha, though the voyage lasted 27 days, he never eat any thing but what he brought with hiru, such as. sweetmeats and preserved fruits, and pumkins and vegetables, and drank the water he brought with him, and never tatted any food dressed on board the ftvip - —That when he arrived at Judda, the governor, who is a Mahometan, examined his baggage, and ordered him into confinement in the fame house with the per fees; that the governor sent hitn victuals two or three times every day; but for two whole days he neither eat nor drank any thing; that they were surprized at his not eating, when they had sent him so good a dinner; and that after some difficulty he made them understand, by means of a boy, who spoke his language, that, being a bramin, he could not eat their victuals; and when he instructed them what biscustoms required, they furnished him with a tent, and other necessary conveniences for dressing his victuals, which he then did with his own hand. Being asked, what is rheir mode of confinement of a debtor ? he laid, in tb6 firtt p ' ac. e it is not usual to confine them; but if the person should be refractory, and disobey the orders of the magistrate for discharging the debt, perhaps he would place a guard upon his house; if his debts amounted to inore than his effects, the magistrate would then order dittrihution, but he peyer touches the images or ornaments of the pkee of worship, or of the, apartments of the vyomcn and children, nor the furniture of the house; and that the guard suffers nobody to go in or OuLyvithout fiis pernuffioc but that

A. ' i 781 DEBATES. 4

h it not the bnfiness of the guard to prevent the vi£tua ! s coming in unle6 he has a special order from the magistrate; for the business of the guard is to prevent any thing being cai ' ried out < i that if ( he person has committed a crime, and the magistrate wishes to disgrace him, he may give such an order that he mupft not, even in that case, drifgrace the woment—That it sometimes happens, that a prince prefles a zemindar for payment of his rents, and fends ftuguard upton his house '; that if the zemindar is absent, and has not tho mpn ? y to pay, he absconds, hut then the guard will not do any thing to affedfc hie Women; that if hefhonldfeize the property of a zemindar, it would not be justifiable to toudh his religious ornaments, of his women’s apartments f ( hat besides, nothing is. - got by ruining a zemindar, who is the paramount proprietor of the land. Being asked; what dealings are allowed to the braw mins ? he said, he is prohibited from trading in salt, fprituous liquors, oil, Gutter, shoes, and from low trades; that an Hindoo is obliged to wash in > s tank, or rivtr, at lead once a day; that washing in a river is best :; if he can - not do - that, he rauft wash in a tank, or with water, in his own house; that hot to wash at all would be an impurity; that he caifnot eat without, except in case of sickness - That if an Hindoo is excluded his cast, he is disgraced, and becomes haUachore, and is considered by his family as dead; that eveii - his. funeral rites rerperformed, and his face is never to be seen afterwards; that the Hindoos - consider - the water of the Ganges as sacred, and vow to wash in it on particular occasions; that long pilgrimages are considered as expiations; tlm the‘inferior casts of Hindoos pay respect to the superior; to a ' bramin particularly, the highest; that wealth is nothing in competition with that dagree of rank; that the low people may drink the water in which a £u * p£rior has wasted his feet; that he himself would drink, and think it would rijeright ' to do tt, ~of the water in which a bramin, learned in their books, has •toalhed his feet, but it would be a disgrace to the bramin to suffer hallachores ’ Orbafe people tado it. Being asked, - whether the lower cafU are not much ‘offended When they ' fee the higher, such as the bramin, treated with indignity •ajcid difrefpefi, or whether they are pleased ? he said, if a rajahpaut fees an findignity offered toa bramin, he will risque his life to protest him; that evep the lowed carts. of Hindoos would not be pleased to fee a bramin degraded that what a Mahomedan might think upon it, he does not know. The wit - - ness further said, that under a Gentoo government, the charges of recovering ' a - debt are a - fourth part, which goes to the magistrate, /and makes part of - of the public iieVertue; that in his country women are not so much secluded s among the Mahomedans; but it would be a disgrace if they, went into courts of justice; that if he had guests at his house, his wife might come in

• With the victuals, but could not fit down with men; that he has heard that the Rajah pouts, and people of Bengal, confine their women more than the Mamttas; that they will not permit them, particularly those of rank, to be

• seen; that in his country the mode of recovering a debt from a woman, is fora fnagistrate to lend to her, to satisfy the creditor; if ( lie refuses, he orders her, if file be a woman of character, to be brought to his house ;, fheis - carried in a covered carriage, and received by his women, but is n6ver compelled to attend the cause in a public court; and even if the magistrate him -

; ielf speaks to her, there will be a curtain between them. He said also, that

• it is ufuaifqr women in - his country to burn themselves on the funeral pile of

their

488 PARLIAMENTARY, A. 1781.

their hufbasds, and that the fame custom prevails also in Bengal and other parts of Indoftan.

And in order to enable the house to compare the effect and tendency of the proceedings which appeared in evidence in their enquires concerning Bengal, with the policy and conduct of the Mahomedan governments, now and lately existing in the neighbourhood of that province, relatively to the fame objects} your committee proceeded to examine Capt. Gabriel Harper, who informed them, that he had resided in Bengal, Bafcar, and Oriffa, from 1761 to 17745 that he was in the company’s service from 1763 to 1776, and commanded i battalion of fepoys from 1766 to 1774 - Being asked, where he was Rationed the last six years of his residence in India ? hesaid, in the province of Oude, with the vizier Soujah Dowlab; that he was a Mahomedan, and an independent prince *, that his dominions extended from. east to weft, 300 miles in length, from north to south, near 200 miles in breadth; that they were very populous, and well cultivated; that he estimated the actual collection of his revenues at about one million eight hundred thousand pounds per ann.

: That the vizier’s army was litrfted by treaty in 1768 to 35, 000 men; that it was composed of Mahomedans and Hindoos, but. by far the greatest part Hindoos; that many of the principal officers were Hindoos, and amongst them several who held commands; that the vizier was more attentive to the Hindoo officers than to those of his own religion, in order to attach his Gentoo subjects more to his person and government.

That the vizier treated the rajahs and zemindars under his dependencies with the greateii ma [ ks of civility, respect, and friendffiip, and particularly with regard to the women’s apartments; that in coming near a village, hfe Would quit the main road, that he might avoid seeing their inclosures, as his Situation on an elephant would enable him to overlook them; that he always recommended a similar con Just to the witness, which tie invariably observed.

Being asked, whether, during his residence with the vizier, he ever knew of a zemindar being dipofTeffed of his zemindary by hirrt he said, that he can only recollect one inlfance; that it was for arrears of rent, and it hap - ipened to a man who had been frequently in arrear, and frequently pardoned; and who was notorious, not only for ill payment of revenue, but for his con - - duct towards those who were under his government. Being ' asked, what was - his mode of proceeding on that dismission ? said, that, the zemindar was summoned to attend at Fizabad, the vizier’s court; that being unable to pay his arrears, or to find security for the payment, he was; dispossessed of his zemin - dary, and imprisoned; where he remained some time, but wa6 afterwards re - leased at the intercession of some of the Gentoo officers about the court.

Being asked, what he meant by imprisonment ? said, a guard set over his person in a place near the cutchery, appointed for the confinement of Gentoo prisoners, where his own servants attended him in the same manner as if he had been in his own house; that he was suffered sometimes to fit under a tree, and to sleep under a tent occasionally pitched for him; that in the province of Oude, perfors of different religions and calls are never confiocd in the same place; for they are very careful not to offend the customs and reli - ' gions of one fe£t or the other, and it would give great offence. Being asked, whether it is usual to imp ifon persons for debt in that country ? he said,. they are sometimes imprisoned for debt, but not often; that imprisoning

i

I

Ai t7$r. D £ fc A f E S. 48$

ing their persons is the lad refoyrce they apply to; that they treat thei debtors with great lenity, and never distress them if they can give probable security of paying their debts in a moderate time; part of it is frequently remitted; and particularly in the case of the zemindar before - mentioned, tvho was indebted to the vizier 24, 000 !. all of which was remitted when the zemindar was released; that a man is considered as of a very unfeeling and litigious disposition, who pursues his debtor to the extremities of confinement, and it is discountenanced by the courts of justice. Being asked, what is the uiual rate oFInterest in ttyat country ? he informed your committee, that it is generally one per cent, per month; but that when individuals are much pressed for moo y,. the monied men are apt to exact more, but are liable to punishment for usury; that in this he confines himself to mercantile transactions. Being asked, if he ever knew or heard of places of public worship being profaned by the Mahomedans, in executing the vizier ' s orders against a zemindar ? belaid, never once; strict orders are always given to avoid any thing of that kind.

Being asked, in what degree of respect the women of the rajahs and principal zemindars are held in the vizier’s dominions ? he said, in the greatest respect; that he never heard an instance of an insult being offered to an Hindoo woman of any description, during the time of his rtfidenoe there; that by insult he means, that their private apartments may not be invaded by any person whatsoever; that there are some of the lower orders of Gentoo women, who in the time of the harvest assist in the fields; that to fee those women is no indignity; but if you offered to touch their persons, break in upon their retirements, or to touch the places where they dress their victuals, it would be considered as a violation of their custohis and religious observances $ that he never heard of such insults being offered in any case, either by orders from the vizier, or from his courts of justice.

Being asked, what was the proportion of Hindoos and Mahomedans in the province of Oude ? he said, he could not precifeiy answer, but that the Mahomedans bear a very small proportion to Gentoos.

Being asked, whether he was at the surrender of Elliabad in 1765 ? he said, he > vas; and that it surrendered at discretion; that there were many women of difrin&ion, Mahomedans and Hindoos, there at the time of the surrender; that Sir Robert Fletcher, who commanded the English army, suffered the women to go away in covered carriages, unexamined, and with a guard, though he had intimation at the time, that they had secreted money and jewel ? to a very considerable amount.

Being asked, if he had been at the city of Benares ? he said, frequently; and that it is esteemed a holy city, the residence of learning and religion. Being asked, in whose dominions that city is ? he said, it was then in the dominions of Sobjah Dowlah, but Under the immediate government of his zemindar, Rajah Bulwan Sing, who, by the vizier’s permission, exercised sovereign authority; ijiafc the annual tribute he paid the vizier was about 22 or 23 lacks of rupees; that he thinks there were no Mahomedan officers belonging to Soujah Dowlah, who were in authority at Benares; that the vizier appointed one officer, the superintendant. of the mint, who was usually a Gentoo. Being asked, if he had often resided in, or passed through the provinces of Benares or Gazypore ? he said, he had frequently passed through Vol. II. Rrr them,

49© P A R L I M E N T A R Y A. 1781.

4hem, and had often resided a month at a time at Benares; that rather a more than less lenient mode of government is observed in the provinces of Benares and Gazypore than prevails in those provinces which were more immediately under Sou jab Dowlah’s government.

, Being asked, if there are many reputable ( hroffs resident at Benares ? he said, a great many men of large property, whose money dealings extend to all parts of India; that their bills of, exchange are very current at Surat; that the rate of interest there, is, he believes, nearly the same as throughout the whole province of 6ude. Being afleed, if it was confidefted as a place of particular security for the deposit of money ? he said, it was; but he believes that idea arose from the nature of its government ? Being asked, whether the effect of this, government was to attach the inhabitants ro the persons and government. of Soujah Dow lab and Bulwan Sing ? he ' said, that mode of government certainly did attach them to their persons and administratiort.

Bring asked, how the provinces of Benares and Gazypore are cultivated, Compared with those parts of Bahar which adjoin, and are only separated by the river CaramnaiTa i he said, the provinces of Benares and Gazypore are more highly cultivated than any he ever passed through, and far Superior to the adjoining one of Bahar; and that he attributes this comparative « profpe - rity of those provinces to the industry of the inhabitants, and to the secure and lenient government they live under.

Being asked, whether the Hindoos are much attached tb their manners and customs and religious observances ? he said, they are very much. And whether the Gentoo fepoys in the lyiglish fernce pay much re ( pe£f to the persons of the bramins, tp their places of worship, and to their religious ob - fervances ? he replied, that he knows numberless instances to prove that they do; that Geptoo fepoys, on the line of a march passing through the neighbourhood of a place of worship, frequently have applied to their officers for leave of absence to perform their devotions; that the battalion which he commanded was principally composed of Gentoos; and that in the several routs that he has marched through the provinces of Sujah Elowlah, he has ( bmetimes, at the general requett of all the Gentoo troops, when it did not interfere with any particular service that he was employed in, halted a day to give them an opportunity of paying their devotions at any remarkable place of worship; and he knows, that Soujah Dowlah has often observed the fame conduct with the Hindoos of his army Being asked, at that season of the year when pilgrims come from all parts of India to bathe in the Ganges and other rivers, what was their treatment from Soujah Doulah’s government ? he ftid, that there are two places of bathing and worship in the neighbourhood of Fizabad, where, on the arrival of the pilgrims, guards were Rationed to protect them in their religious observances; and Soujah Dowlah constantly made large donations amongst the poorer fort of the pilgrims, for their maintenance during theif pilgrimage.

_, R. eing asked, whether the zemindars in the vizier’s dominions exercised any jurisdiction, and what ? he said, they had civil and criminal jurisdiction; that he has seen robbers punished by zemindars, both by corporal punishmentj and even death - Being asked, if any of them kept up a military force in their respective di ft rifts ? he said, Bulwan Sing had an established army; the others only sufficient to enforce their orders and prevent disturbances m

their

Ab ' zytu fe B ' A f E S. 491

their several distri&s. Being aiked, whether, when the vizicr took the field, it was usual to summon the rajahs and zemindars to attend him in support of the war ? he said, Bulwan Sing always furnished a quota, but he does not recollect any being Tent from the other zemindars. Then being a iked, if there Were many zemindars, and those considerable f he informed your committee, that there were many, and they rented from 50, 000 rupees to three lacks an nually; that they considered themselves as secure in their possessions, by paying their accu Homed rents. Being aiked, whether it was usual in Soujah Dow ) ah, or Bulwan Sing, to raise the rents, or let the zemindaries to the highest bidder ? he said, never; that he believes they would rather have lowered their rents, if an abatement was necessary, to a man who had been punctual in his former payments; and in time6 or public misfortune, such as the want of rain; that upon proper representation being made, he knows that part of the balance has been remitted. Being aiked, if the zemindaries were considered as hereditary in the families of the zemindars ? he said, no; it depended upon the will of the prince, but that he made a point of continuing it in the family, provided there was no particularobjedion to the next in succession. Being aiked, if he knew what proportion the revenue payable by the zemindars bore to their income ? he said, he could not describe the proportion, but that the zemindars had always sufficient to maintain themselves and their families with dignity and respect, correfpoodebt to their situa - tions. Being aiked, if the Mahomedan men of the lafor or muftees, in the countries above - mentioned, were in general in ill reputation on account of their corruption ? he said, their dec ! Sons were in general esteemed just, and their persons held in respeCfc; and the Hindoo dolors or pundits were also held in respeCh Then being aiked, What cffe£ the introducing the English law into the provinces of Benares and Gazypore would have ? he informed your committee, that the government they lived under when he was there, was so good, and so well calculated, that the introduction of any innovations, and particularly of the English law, which in many Inliances is so totally of - pofite, would be attended with many evils and inconveniencies. Being aiked if he was ever in the country of the Rohillos, and of what religion their chiefs were ? he said, he had been through several provinces of ir, and that their chiefs were Mahomedans; that the government there was conducted in the same manner, and upon the fame principles in which it was conducted in the province of Chide; that when he passed through it, on an embassy from Soujah Dowlah, to conclude a treaty with the Rohillo chiefs, to which the English became guarantees, it was in the most flourishing Hate that a country could be.

Being aiked, if the Mahomedan and Hindoq fepoys are attached 10 our service ? he said, that where there is but cotprqon justice done to them, and their particular rights and customs preserved to them, there are no set of people more firmly attached to the service, or to the officers who command them 5 that they are orderly ant} obedient, the Hindoos more than the Mahomedans; that they are not deficient inperfonal courage and military point of honou r. Being alkedt whether, if they were employed in the execution of modes of process, and of laws repugnant to their manners and ioftitotions, and derogatory to the honour of those whom they respect, they could be perfectly relied on, or what woul be the effect I he said f from the observations he has made of their dispositions, that he thinks they would rather oppose than assist such

R r r 2pro *

m

P AH Aim % NT A Kir At. qSi, '

proceedings. Being aikcd, wh « ther the Hindoos in general dunk, that pro serving a respcd to the distindion of rank and ctft, tends mad to their wp - preflion oar protection ? he said, it tends ' to their protection for he does Mot conceive that the other orders of the Gcntoos would patiently fee a great in dignity offered to their bramins. Being further aiked, whether a tribunal which proceeds against all ranks of people with one common tigour, would, from the circum fiance of that equality, be thought pleating to the lower calls and rank of people, and tending to the general benefit ? he said, it is his opi « - nion, that it would be very unpopular and displeasing to all ranks and calls; that it would do no good, hut that every evil might be apprehended from it.

Being aiked, whether the settlement of Eaglish attornies or council at law at Benares, through whom they might carry their suns to the ' supreme court at Calcutta, again# their own magi ft rates, men of the law, and principal zemindars, would not be of great use, and prevent them from oppression ? he said, he thinks the decitions of their own courts and judges generally so upright, and speedily determined at little expence, that the introduction of such attornies or council would be one of the gretteft misfortunes that could betid them. Being acted, whether an opinionbas. not prevailed in Bengal, that several English gentlemen, in authority under the company, have ahufed their power in many infbmces, to the oppression of the natives ? he laid, he ha < heard of such things, and complaints have been preferred to the governor of Calcutta against : individuals of that descriptiom Being aiked, whether he thought there was any foundation for this opinion, and those complaints ? he said, in fbme instances he believes they were just, but has heard of others where the charges were not proved. Being ajkcd, whether. in case of such practices, it is difficult to obtain legal proof that such pfa&ices doezift, though notorious to the country ? he said, where such practices are very notorious, it is not difficult to obtain proof. Being further a feed, whether the power and authority of English gentlemen do not intimidate the natives from making such complaints ? he said, perhaps it might, whilst they filled the Barion, but on their removal to any other station, which i9 constantly practised in the company’s service, if they had been guilty of any illegal practices, there would not be wanting proofs to convict them. Being aiked, whether a successor, inclined to the fume practices, would not endeavour to intimidate them from such complaints ? he said, the feccefibr might have the fame disposition, but might not have the power of preventing them. Being aiked, to whom must such complaints have been made at Calcutta, before the arrival of the judges ? he said, if against a civil servant, to the governor and council; if against a military officer, to the governor an ( l council through the commander in chief. Being aiked, by whom were the gentlemen exercising authority in the provinces appointed ? he laid, by the governor, and council. Bring further aiked, if there Was a disposition in the governor and council to protect those officers they had appointed, whether there was any mode of redress in the country for the persons injured ? he informed your committee, that there was no authority superior to the governor and council. And being aiked, whether, from what he knows of the disposition, usages, and faculties of the natives, he thinks any application to England would be probable ? he said, the Mahomedans and feme calls of the Gentoo6 would have no difficulty; but to the bramins and higher calls it Wfwldbe very difficult ! and they would rather submit to much hardlkip.

Mr,

& E iSy A T E S. i 493Tk

jMr Barwell beUgslfwd if the zemindars ami f rmeraofH e country fa / nOt been frequently gwiityof flagrant and notorious t6b of oppretfion ? said that considering the great, number of people, it is notpoflihleibat transgression Jbouldnot b « jye been com wilted; but, compared with any other Ifete of fb - v cisty, he apprehends the in fiances of oppreilion, among the zemindars andfr renter# of India,. will not appear, more nomerous or atrocious thfcro in otheri countries; he imputes this to the despotism of that goveromeotv which take infiant cognizance and inflifis immediate punishment, on delinquents guilty of ? a$s of opprdfion. Being asked if the supreme court would be in a condition to anhyer the ends of its appointment m protecting the natives, with - > out having juriicti&ion over the zemindars ? said *, certainly not. - Being &rd, : if, k would not be beneficial to theCQUQtryt that the zemindars ( hoold be" made amenable to the jorifdidion oC the Supreme court, is order to enable it tQ attain the ends of its infiitution iftiid, that the ends of its tnfttcution, in hfs apprehension, did not require a jurisdtClion over the zemindars; he did not believe it would be beneficial to the country; such. an extension of jutifdiction would bring with it so much business, that the court would not hive it in their power to go through one tenth part of it, Being aflttd, whether the institmion of circuits, and the establishroen of more courts of judicature, similar and subordinatc to the supreme court, might nos remedy that effect, arid extend the benefit of the English laws to the whole body of native ihfa - bitants ? laid, that any institution which may be formed upon the practice of our QQur; s, will make the whole fylhnn lo exceedingly complicated, is lb novel and so litrle suited so the genius of the people, that he believes it would multiply the evils that are already experienced; a futurnery and more Ample mode of administering judke, is the only inflitution which can be beneficial to a country /the major ity - of the inhabitants of which support themselves and families upon so trifiin ;, an income as about jL tos per annum Being aifcsd what is the expence of suits in the country courts ? laid, not a farthing '. Being asked, whether he supposed this facility of applying to a court - of justice encouraged litigation ? said, it may; and of this he was certain, that few ' people ate more impatient under wrongs than the Indians. Being, sdked, if he thought that law proceedings in the country courts, might not b < r spade subject to a fmali tax, without prejudice to the substanrial admioifiration of juliice ? he said, he thought they might. Being ? sted, if the expences of suits in the supreme court are considerable ? said, they are. Being afkad, if they are as considerable as in England ? said, they are, and more so. Being aiked, what instanqes he bad known, where natives, by mutual content, had submitted their cauics to the jurisdiction of the supreme court ? said, that he did not know of aoy. mstancesof natives voluntarily submitting their caul ' es to the jut ifdiction of the court; when contracts are entered into for money borrowed, these are very few natives who do not ctemand it as a condrioo from the borrower, that he shall be amenable to the court. Being; & ? d, if he meant out of Calcutta ? said, he meant native borrowers, who do not reside Calcutta; but that he knew of no lender that made this demand, but what was resident in Calcutta, or had family connections theVe. Being i > &ed. Whether he thought that without the supreme court, or feme similar efta - bJdhraent, any effectual means could be provided for rest raining the mifde - fp&aors of Brifilhiiibjects, and their oppression of the natives ? find, yev, fie thought government had. the means; bpt, in his opinion, lbu > e inilitution

was

494 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

was necessary, to check the despotkm of the government, and fence the subject against oppression. Being aiked, whether he signed the letters to the court of directors, of the 10th and 25th of January, 1780 ? said, he really did not recollect, but thinks he mult have fipned them, as he was in the country at that time. Being aiked, whether thediifention between the judges of the supreme court, and the governor general and council, did not originate so early as the year 1776 ? said, that there weredifputes between the court and the governor general and council so early as 1774. Being aiked, whether questions concerning jurisdiction have not been continually agitated from that time to his departure from India ? said, they have. Being aiked, whether the proceedings of the judges upon thele occasions. appeared fair and regular, or replete with irregularity and injustice ? said, they appeared to him fair and regular, but in many instances detrimental to the revenue. Being aiked, if the whole of their proceedings in a particular case, namely, that of Rajah Chiton Sing, zemindar of BiiTempore, was hot represented by the governor general and council, to the court of directors, to be replete with irregularity ana injustice ? said, he believed it might; he recollects this instance, and he thinks be joined in the representarion. Being aiked, if there were not arzees, or petitions, from zemindars, complaining of - the extension of jurisdiction by the supreme court about that time, preferred to the governor general and council r said, that he heard of such complaints, and he must refer to the records of the company, and to the particular arzees or petitions; however, for the information of the committee, he must beg leave to remark, that there were many who complained of the operation of the jurisdiction upon them, and anxious to be exempted, yet applied to the court in pursuit of re - dress, or to fereen themselves under some process of the law, against either the acts of government, in enforcing payment of its rents, or of individuals, prosecuting in the country courts of justice. Being aiked, if before he left Bengal, there were not petitions from zemindars, and others, to the governor general and council, against the jurisdiction of the supreme court ? said, yes. Being aiked, whether he thought those petitions were the natural effects of their own opinions and fears, or obtained from them by the dread of the authority and power of the governor general and council, or any other Europeans, or their agents ? said, he believed them to have proceeded from the people rhemselves, without any European influence or interference whatsoever; and this further reason operated upon his mind, that no European influence bad been used, as the petitions are calculated to exempt the nativea from prosecutions in our courts, while Englishmen of all denominations are open to the attacks of the natives. Being aiked, what would be the consequence of obliging natives, not subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme court, to plead to the jurisdiction ? said, that Amply to plead to the j&rifthction, ' could be attended with no inconvenience to the party; but owing to their ignorance of the law, and the advantages taken by the attornies of the eottre of that ignorance, they are exceedingly harrafled and perplexed by the pro - cess which ifllies to compel them to put in the plea, even to the ruin of themselves and families. Being aiked, if it was easy for the natives to pbtain bail ? said, it was not easy for any native, not immediately reiident in Calcutta; for men materially engaged for the revenue to government, it had been usual for the government to bail an appearance to the suit, to prevent the consequeoces to the revenue, by their removal from the province where they retided to

Calcutta.

A. 1781. •, DEBATES. 495

Calcutta. Persons not concerned in the revenue do not come upder the notice m government, and are left to find bail where they cats. ' Being afkid, if such persons do not find bail, what is the consequence ? said, he believed a a writ of sequestration issues to compel appearance. Being aiked, if he had known any mfiances of zemindars being summoned from distant ' places to plead to the jurisdiction of the court; and when arrived at Calcutta, and having declared their intention to plead, that then the action had been dropped i ' said he had heard of such instances. Being diked, if he ever heard of fdcb actions being again renewed, and the zemindar brought down a second time, and then the suit again dropped ? said, he bad heard 6f such instances Being aiked, if it was not the usual pradiice in the company’s service, whep any ' member differed with the majority, for him to concur in the execution of what is so determined, but to enter his own re ? fons on record against the resolution of the majority ? he said, it is ufttalj and it is usual often to dispense with it; and that circumstances, and the stateof the council, determine the individual in this; Being aiked, if he knew of any increase of friary or appointment to Sir Jolih Day, advocate general, beyond the orders of the East fndia Company ? said, he did : the addition was made on the ground of his giving up all kinds of private business, and devoting himself entirely to the company. Being aiked, at what period of time this augment tation was made ? said, he did not particularly recollect; he desired leave to refer to the records. —Being aiked, if the advocate general had much practice before this augmentation ? said, he rtally cannot say; he never officiated as an advocate in the court; and his knowledge of some few cases being stated to him, will not allow him to say his pfadVice was extehfive; he rather believes it was nor.

On the subject of the exercise of the penal law of England, over such natives of Bengal as the supreme court have construed to be within their juris - diction, your committee thought it proper to enquire into the effects produced upon the minds of the natives, by the punishment of death, infixed on Mar Rajah Nundcomar, a native of high rank in that country, for a forgery, under, ato act of George II. charged to have been committed several years before the infilthtion of the court *, ' ! '

iThe coprt of, dhedtors ' of tire East India company, in their letter to Lord fijouht Weymouth, dated November the 19th, 1777 ., state that Nund - cdtriar Was indicted, tried, convicted, and executed, for an offence which was not Capital by the laws of the country where the offence was committed—That they concdve this prdceeding to be a matter of most serious importance, and Big with conferences the ttioft alarming to the natives of India; and that the general priheipal which the judges seem to have laid down in their pro - eeedings against; Nurfdcomar, is, that all the criminal law of England is in force, and binding, upon aH the inhabitants within the circle of their juris - diction in Bengal. ' '

The circumstances of this execution are set so ? th by the governor general $nd council, and judges Of the supreme court, and by different members of those bodies, in various papers.

And the witnesses examined by your committee, have given the evidence iMiichr follows:

$ Thomas

4$6 : PARLIAMENTARY A.

l fec « rias : arrerr Er ( uir one of the members of your committee being examined, was asked, if He was not at Calcutta at the time of Nundcotnaffa trial, and well acquainted with the circumstance9 of jus case ? said, he was ija ‘Calcutta, and ' vvas counsel in the cause for the Mar Rajah. Beingaficed, whether he took advantage of arguing concerning the inapplicability q f a penal Er. glish statute to tfee case of Niindccmar ? laid, no douht ne. did : hp first prepared and put in a plea 10 thej. unfdidlion of the court; that plea being over - ruled, he afterwards contended, that though the judges might ia ifri&ness deem themselves competent to try him, yet that the Englifti uatute, that made the offence, upon which he was to be tried, capital, could never be meant to extendto persons under his. circrtmstances ? ' Being aiked, if tfyat argument was admitted in favpur 6f his; client ? faji, that the conseq, pejjcejs which were publicly known to have followed, speak the contrary, as he was condemned andexecuted. Being aiked if any application was made, to respite the execution of the sequence, until his Majesty ’ s, pleasure ftiQuld be known ? said, that the fupfeme court Have, by virtue of the charter under which they fit, a discretipnary. power, of granting appeals and respiting execution in criminal cases : a petition of appeal was in this case prepared and moved in thepou t, but wgs refuied to - be granted; that; h§ afterwards applied to the foreman of the jury, a&ua&ed by the principles of humanity solely,. tp submit to him the propriety of a ' f ecommen jation from ‘him and the rest of the jury, to the clemency of the judges, until tire king’s pleasure flioqld. be knovrp; that, not, Ending him at ho ' Wh e left a note acquainting him with the reason. s of the above application that note was followed by aletter from the foreman ' tokhe ' witness upon the Ribje6f, and afterwards by a reply from l ) im to the foreman these letters, he o{}served -, are enteral in the proceedings of the goKeVnor, general and council, and by them transmitted to the court of directors, and are iio. v before the committee; but the wttness observed that they are very ’ Incorrectly copied; he adds, that thefejetters were sent jS > v the foieman of the jury tcTthe chief jujftice, who afterwards itippun cenfuretf Mr, Fairer in feyere terms for the part he had a W. upon this occasion *, ' Being aiked, if there were any circumstances in N unde Omar’s case wh chfmigW make ix dang ops jo respite the execution, up til his Majesty’s pleasure was known ? saie bene, that he could concejve Being alk; ed he heard Jjny danger of his escape from prison being stated ?, said, hefoeyer Ward, any, thing of the kind; he has yititea him in gaol, and found it uapjeiby a number of fepoys; between his condemnation and execution, he believes these Was a a European officer commanded the guard. Being aiked, if tjxere. Wd any attempt towards a refeue ? said, none that he ever heard of, orsbelieved#

ijeipg rlked, if, at the time of that trial, there was not a civil {hit penqing, ’ or the recovery of the money received by him upon the ihftrumeitf chhrgedf to have been forged ? said, that whether any civil suit ' wafcthen actually defending or npr he could. not say .;. but that such fuk had been commenced - and prosecuted in the usual manner, he kpows of a certainty, as be had reai the proceedings. ’ *

, Ami Mr. Farter being further examined, was aiked what effect the execution of ' N ’ iindcomar had hpon the minds ’ of ’ the native inhabitants said, he beard a d believed general terror and distnay. Being aiked, if fevjralof the principal native inhabitants did not present an address to the judges soon after the

A 1781 *

DEBATES,

49

the execution of Nundcomar, expressing their satisfaction in the proceeding of the cowt, particularly in its lenity and moderation ? said, he believed there tfere about that time several addresses presented to the judges, by the native inhabitants and others, to the effect mentioned in the question. And being asked, whether he believed that these addresses were the spontaneous effects ot their own ideas, or the eftefts of influence and fekr ? said, he believed they were principally the effects of influence and fear, if not altogether so; inaf much as he has been given to undetstand, from various descriptions of natives, that those who did not sign such addresses, would not be considered as the friends of the Aipreme court, or the government. Being asked, if the execution of Nundcomar had a tendency to encourage the natives to prefer their Complaints forabuffe of power to the supreme court of justice, or to any other body authorised so receive the same ? he said, he believed not. Being asked, if he believed it to have had the contrary effect ? said, yes, for a considerable length of time; but what may have been the cate finee, he knew not.

Charles William Boughton Rouse, Esq. a member of your committee, informed your committee, that a civil suit against Nundcomar was originally Catered in the judicial. court of Cutchery, and that proceedings were held vpcm it in the dewannte adaulut, in Calcutta, which was established in lieu of that court, in the year 1772, and over which he then presided—That after some - examination had, the court of adaulut repeatedly recommended arbitration to both parties, but they could not agree about the persons; and, to the bed of his memory, that was the difficulty.

Mr. John Mills being asked, whether he wa9 in Calcutta at the time Mar Rajah Nundcomar was executed, and what effect it had upon the minds of the inhabitants ? - he said, he was; and that several of the credible natives in - > formed him, that they never could have thought that any British law or aft could have condemned a native of Indoffan, for any crime" or crimes com -. mlttfed many years before tile aft; and that they did not doubt, but that a nine would come, when the natives would be revenged for such an act, which appeared to them of so much injustice. Then being asked, whether, during his residence at Calcutta, there were many instances of natives tried for offences by the English law ? he said, several; but that he never served upqp the petty jury. Then being asked, what he understood by the expression Blade use of by the natives, that they did not doubt but the time would come when they should be revenged for an act of so much injustiefe ? > he said, that all he could understand was, in their hopes of private revenge upon the persons of those who had passed the sentence.

Your committee again examined Major James Rennell; who said, that at time of the execution of the Mar Rajah Nundcomar, he was at Dacca; ♦hat it occasioned much surprize and terror on the minds of the natives there. And being asked, what opiiyon they eutertained of the application of the English criminal law in that case ? laid, they were apprehensive ' the English law would impute crimes to them which they did not understand; and that the execution of Nundcomar was a degree of punishment so novel and unexpected, that, pending his trial, and till his execution, nobody suppbfed he would be executed. And being asked, if they did not know that forgery wa a crime ? said, they certainly fcjjgw it was a crime, ' but never deemed it a capita ! one; nor was it ever so punif ed in their courts. And being aiked, whether the opinion of the people at Dacca, that Mar Rajah Nundcomar ' Vol. IL Sff would

id by

498 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

would not be executed, arore from an idea that it would be impossible to obtain j mice against a person of his rank and power ? laid, that among If the lower fort of people he believed it did; but the better lbr ' t imagined that it was meant to terrify others from committing forgery, by proceeding to fen - tence—He had long cealetj to be a man of power.

Mr. Joseph Price being examined, laid, he had resided in India about thirty years, in Bengal, from 1767 to 1780, in the capacity. of a tiee merchant. — B ing asked, if he was in Calcutta at the time of the execution of INlar Rijah Nundcomar ? he said, he was. And being «. flied, what effect that execution had upon the minds of die native inhabitants in general ? heiuid, he believed they were a great deal zed at it; and that their surprise was owing to their not having seen a man of rank and dittiaction executed before in that manner. Being asked, if he understood it as a general and pse\ailing : opinion amongst the natives, that he had been g ilty of the crime laid to his charge ? he laid, that on his conscience he believed that every man in the country, even down to his own son, believed him. guilty of the cr. me laid to h. s charge; but whether that crime merited death, he cannot lay; that be Was upon the grand jury that found the bill against him. Being asked, what was the Mar Rajah N undconrar ' s general character ? he said, a very bad one, aniongfl all orders of men. Being asked, if the people in general were - not afraid of him, on account of his intriguing spirit ? he laid, he believed in general very much lo. Being asked, if the disgraceful execution of a man - held guilty of forgery, and generally obnoxious to the community, was not a ve y pleating and popular af ? throughout the country ? he laid, it certainly was; as a man, they were happy to get rid of him; as a nation of Hindoos, they were surprized that fmh a power was introduced amongt ! them, which could, lor what they might deem a venal crime, put a prince and a bra min to deatli. Bring asked, if he conceived the prejudices of the natives to be at ail ( hocked by the circumstances of the trial and ( xecution of the Rajah ? he said, that he was certa nly an unpopular man; and that all orders of people seemed pleased, that as he deserved an ignominious death, he fufte < eu it, itill ipeaking of him as a man; but it shocked their religious and civil prejudices as a people. Being asked, if a bramin, and a man who had held the lame rank in the Rate as the Rajah, without his unpopular character, had been lo executed by proief. of the fcoglifti law, whether ' he conceived that the pie - judices and customs of the natives would not have been ( hocked with the execution ? he said, they certainly would; for they detell the very idea of the introduction of the English law. Being asked, if he had not found them fen - fible that they enjoy more substantial justice from the inltiturion of thefu - preme court of judicature, than they formerly exp. rienced ? l e intormed your committee, that uhilil the mayor ' s court exitled, they might apply to thar co. irc, or not for jtiliice, as they thought proper; that they dislike the inteipotitiou of the supreme court or judicature amongst themselves, because it interferes with all their culloms, manners, and prejudices; and he believes they would, nine times out of ren, rather give up their property than dif pute it in the iupreme court; that - he believes, in general, nothing but per - tonal and private pkpu ? carries them there. Being asked, if such native inhabitants of Calcutta as had nor the benefit of applying to the mayor ' s court, were not particula. ly pleased at the inllituiion of a court to which they might

carry

1

i

A. 1781. v DEBATES. 499,

carry - their fuitt, indepandent of the governor and council who held the con trovi > ©vcr ithe country courts ? he said, they were certainly as strongly prejudiced in favour of their own courts as Englishmen are in favour of theirs; and if left to themselves, would always apply to them.

Captain Cowe being again examined by your committee, was asked, whether he was at Calcutta, at the time of the proceedings against Nundconar, and at the time of his execution 1 said he was, during the whole of the time. Being asked, if any criminal prosecution had been commenced against hint before that indicbment for forgery ? he said, none that he hai heard of Being a Iked, what was the opinion of the natives concerning that proceeding, whether they thought it political, or done in the ordinary course of justice ? said, he believed there was a great diversity of opinions; that many thought it was done from political motives, others in the ordinary course of justice, according to the laws of England, Being fk d, what was the cha - ' ra&ter of the rajah Nundcomar among the natives f said, that he was coiifi - dered as a man of undoftmding, but much addicted to litigation, and in general thought a designing, artful man; that he never heard any thing farther against his moral character. Being a Iked, whether his prpfecutioil did not give general satisfaction to the natives, as being the means of bringing to justice a criminal, who had been a longtime protested from it by his power and artifices ? said, he never heard that it had given satisfcdion, except to a few ', who might have viewed it in a political light. Being asked, whether he Jiad not heard that the offence for which Nundcomar was tried, was committed several years before the trial ? he said, he always understood it h ? d been committed for many years before the trial. Being asked, if he had an opportunity to make any observations concerning - the execuri ? n of Nundcomar ? said, he had; that he fiw the whole, exeep the immediate aft ' of execution, from the parapet of the new fort, not quite half a mile from the place, of - execution; there were eight or ten thousand people assembled, who, at the moment the rajah was turned off, dispersed futdenly, crying, Ah Baup - a eeJ, leaving nobody about the gallows but the sheriff and his attend mts, and a sets European spedtitors. He explains the term or Ah Baup - aree to be an exclamation of the black people, upon the appearance of any thing very alarming, and when tin *; are in great pain; that they did not think he would be put to death till he was actually executed; that many of them even ran into the river &om the terror at seeing a bramin executed in that ignominious manner; that the circumstance of his execution was received with great horror by all thenatiyesas well as most of the Europeans, who, in general; thought it a bard cde. Being alketj, if the natives in general were notfatisfied wirh the introduction of the rigor of the English penal llature law, as tending to secure credit and fidelity in dealings ? said, as rar as he ever underlined, quite the reverse. Then being asked, whether the equity and impartiality at the fwpre we court in that business, did not strike forcibly upon the mjnds of the native *, and iraprefs them with a strong idea of the wildom and justice of the English laws, 1 and a d lire of having them extended f r the gcnenl benefit ? he informed your committee, that it rather impressed them with an unfavourable idea of our; justice and equity, and that he never heard they by any means wished to have them extended. Being asked, if the natives knew for what purpose the supreme court had been establishtd ? he said, he believed at

S s s 2 firs

t

5 < ? o t PARLIAMENTARY A 178c *

first they did not properly undeustand it, but that by this time they ate per fe&ly acquainted with the nature. of its institution. Being asked, if it was not generally given out, that this court was instituted for their protection and j heir defence, against the abufea of European authority he said, it was; that he remembered hearing Mr. Le Maiftre, one of the judges, from the bench, express his surprize, that so many people applied for red refs to the country courts, when they might depend upon as good justice, or better, in the fu preme court of judicature; and that these were his very words. Being asked, if ' the natives considered the proceedings again/ ! Nundcomar, and his exccu tion, as answering the ends of the inftuution. of the court in the protection of the natives ? he said, he did not believe they did. Beingafked, whether they did not consider the execution as having a tendency to encourage them to prefer complaints against Europeans in authority ? he said, he believed not. Being asked, whether an address to the judges was not signed by several of the natives, commending their conduC ! in the office, and particularly dwelling upon the character of mercy ? he said, that he has seen an add reds from the Armenian merchants printed, which he believes "was given to the judges Being asked, whether that address contradicted the sentiments of the natives, which he had just now mentioned ? he said, it did. Then being asked, whether he looked upon that address, or the cpnverfation he bad heard, os most truly exprefiive of the genuine sense of the natives ? he said, he believed the convlrlations he had heard to be the most exprefiive; and that the addrefi does by no means express their sense. Being asked, if he recpllected any instance of ' mercy to which that address alluded ? he laid, none, except tie release of the felops, and several who had been under sentence of death in the prison at Calcutta for capital offences. Then being asked, if any particular circumstances of hardship had been repreliented to the judges ? he said, he did not know that there had, before the arrival of the judges. And being asked, whether an opinion had prevailed, that the construction or execution of criminal law had been severe and immoderate ? hesaid, he never had heard any fitch opinion.

Your committee again examined Edward Baber, Esq. who said, he was at Muxadabad at the time of the execution of the Mar Rajah Nundcomar, and believes that event was much difeuffed among the natives of that city. And being asked, what opinion the natives entertained of the application of the English criminal law, in that case ? said, that it was a very severe application, and it caused a good deal of alarm. And being aflted, from what particular circumstances did that alarm arise ? said, he apprehended that the alarm arofc from the ignominy as well as severity of the punishment of crimes, not deemed capital with them, and the fear that the law might be applied to pauses howeyer remote. Being asked, what was the rank of the Mar Rajah Nundcomar in that country ? said, he was a bramin of ‘ the first rank, and his lotion had been also the first in the government, namely, prime minister to the nabob of Bengal. And being asked, what was the general moral cha rafter of the Mar Rajah among the natives ? answered, a very bad one, And being asked, if the people were not very much pleased to find a man of that high rank, and that bad moral character, brought to ftri& justjee for his offences i he said, he believed, that however much he might he dill iked, the trying him by the English laws was not at all pleating to them. Be jog asked,

whether

A > i ) 8l DEBATES.

itfhether most of the offences that are capital by the law of England are capital by the laws of Indoffon I said, they are not. And being asked, if, from Ilia knowledge of the count™ *, he thought that the punishmentsallotted. by the law of the country to offences, were sufficietft to preserve peace and good Order ? said, he did, and for this reason, that he has frequently heard from the natives, accounts of the commendations of the regulations and good order of the police of the country before the English had any concern with ir. Befog asked, whether he thought the natives considered a capital punishme t more than necessary for an offence like that imputed to the Mar Rajah Nundcomar ? said, they certainly did consider it as severe, because, exclude of the peculiar reverence they pay to a bramin, the crime itfeff committed by one of the toweft cast or rank, is not capital. Being asked, if there ras not much transe&ion through the medium of writing, and greatly attest - hig property of all kinds in that country ? said, yes. And being asked, would it not tend greatly to the security of that property, and consequently to the encrease of the commerce and welfare of that country, if this crime of forgery was ounished in a severer manner than it is usually punished in the Country courts r said, that in his opinion he did not think it would. And being asked, whether this severe punishment is nowmucji desired by persons in trade, or concerned in money transitions ? said, he does not think it is; and thinks he may add, that they would be better satisfied if their own. x Oustoms continued than to be obliged to adopt severer laws. Being aiked, if the Englrfh law, which inflits capital punishment on various kinds of felonies, under their various descriptions, would not be acceptable to the natives, as affording a further security to property ? said, he does not think they would; on the contrary he believes they would be Blocked at tbs various descriptions of our capital punishments. Being asked, in what fnanner he conceives our laws of transportation would be applicable to the Bate and manners of that country ? said, he thought it would be worse than the capital punishments, because the Hindoos had much rather suffer deaih than be promiscuously put on board a transport as criminals, where every law of religion, their manners, and customs, muff be violated. Being asked, if he knew or had heard that it is usual to sentencecriminals, in certain cases, to labour On the public works ? said he knew it is the law and custoni of the country. Being asked, if he ever heard tbdt the men sentenced to this punishment in Calcutta, were set at liber y by the authority of the supreme court ? said, that he had heard this act much talked of by the natives of Muxadnbad, whofpokeof it with great surprize and apprehension; and amongst the Europeans it was considered as mad an act as that of Don Quixo e setting free the galley slaves. Being asked, if this act did not produce many iil ffeffects in the country ? said, he did not know, he was ab ent from Calcutta at the time; but he had heard that many of the inhabitants of Calcutta maintained private guards of their own to protest their houses and property. Being asked, if he had not heard that the jthoran admits of a composition for several offences, and even for murder ? said, yes. Being asked, if that li - cencedias not produced great tr. ifchiefs within the province ? laid, not that he knew of Being af ) ped, if murder was 3 common crime in Bengal, or the other provinces ? said he does not think it is; they are far from a fangui - nary people, gnd very averse to shedding blood/ Being affced, whether,

Jiun

SO *

PARLIAMENTARY

A. i, 8r.

from his knowledge of the manners, customs, and dispofitians of the people, he thought it would be a matter of extreme difficulty, or perfefUy odious, to introduce a trial, similar to that by jury, in the native courts ? laid, that arbitration is a very common and a very ancient practice 3tnongst them, which being fomethiDg of the nature of a jury, might perhaps be modified to foinething Ail ] nearer to it. Being asked, if he ever heard that Rada Cliund Meter, a Gentoo, was condemned at the court of oyer and terminer, at Calcutta, for forgery, previous to the arrival of the judges of the l ' upreme court of judicature ? said yes; he was not executed; he was recommended to his Majesty’s mercy by the governor general and council, at the request of the inhabitants, and received the King’s pardon. Being asked, if he knew upon what grounds he was recommended to mercy ? laid, that the petition fully Bated it. Being asked, if there had been any formal promulgation of thq heads of the English criminal law to the natives of the provinces, or any ab - stract published under authority in any of the country languages of the Eng li ( h civil and criminal law, or of the modes and rul/es of practice in the English courts ? said, never that he heard of Being asked, as he vyas chiex of a provine al division, could such a promulgation have been made without his knowledge ? said, certainly not.

In addition to the case of the rajah Nundcomar, your committee think it incumbent on them to lay before the House an instance of the operation of the English penal law over the natives at Bengal, in the case of Ajooderani and Subharam, who were brought prisoners from the province. of Dacca to Calcutta, about 300 miles from their place of residence, accusedof murder; and, after remaining eleven months in the English gaol, were found upon their trial not to be objects of the jurisdiction of the supreme court, and were discharged. Upon this subject your committee again examined Thomas Fairer, Esq a member of your committee, who being asked, it hewasem - ploytd to defend Ajooderam and Subharam, the servants of the rajah Kirk Narrain, upon an indictment for murder, before the supreme court ? he said, that he was retained and employed as counsel, not only in behalf of them, but also in behalf of 13 or 14. persons ( to the bed of his recollection as to the number ) against whom ind etmeots for murder were preferred for the fame transaction And being asked, if thei ' e two men were brought prisoners from the province of Dacca, and confined in the gaol at Calcutta ? laid, they Were, by a warrant granted by Mr. JulHce Hyde, who committed them to the common gaol at Calcutta. Being asked, how long they continued in prison ? said, eleven months at least. Being asked, if there was an offer made to bail them ? said, that it appeared to him that they wee committed under a warrant that was bad, both in fofm and substance, and moreovtr that they were by no means objedis of the jurisdiction of the court; he therefore moved the courr, that they should be either discharged from confinement, as committed under a bad warrant, or that they should be admitted to bail, on the fjxcal circumstances of the case. ' Hie court admitted the warrant to be bad, but i. istead of retailing the prison s amtnded/ the warrant, and refused to admit them to bail. One session of oyer and termiher was held l ' ome time fub - Lquent to the commitment of these prisoners, at which, convinced of the goodness of their cauie, he had prefild to bring on their trial to the utmost of his power, but to no purpose as the prosecutor positively refused £0 to do.

He

A. 1781 DEBATES. 50. 3

He did not make the motion for bail or. discharge till after that feflioft of oyer and terminer, and he thought this refusal a l ' trong additional reason to make the above - mentioned motion. Being asked, whether these prisoners were kept in irons ? said, that application was more than once made to him on t fit ir behalf, stating, that they were very heavily ironed, infcjmuch that the irons had eat into iheir flelh, and that they were apprehensive of a mortification taking place; and that the other hardlliips they underwent in prison, w ' ere so great, that they were scarce able longer to support nature. That he laid these matters before the court; the fa < fts were enquired into, and found to be in a great measure true; and the nature of their confinement was made easier ‘ tolhem in consequence thereof. Being afkvd, when these prisoners were brought to trial, did it appear that they were subject to the jurisdiction of the court ? he said, no; pleas to the jurisdiction were put in to all the indictments, and from the evidence of the first witness produced on the p trt of the prosecution, it appeared to the satisfaction of the court that the defendants were not objects of its jurisdiction, and they were discharged accordingly. Being asked, if these men obtained any red refs - against their prosecutors ? said, none that he knew of Being asked, if he knew whether this prosecution wasexpenfive ? said, that he had heard, and had every reaf > n to believe, jhat it did not coll the defendants and their principals, a lei ' s lum than 3000I. sterling. Being asked, if this expence was defrayed by the Eall - India company ? said, not one shilling of it.

Your committee proceed next to report, in a summary manner, several cases which have come under their infptftion, where the jutiidiClion of the supreme court has interfered with the colleCltolis of the public revenue, ' and the rights of zemindars, and controul over the chief criminal magistrate of the three provinces.

Your committee proceed to slate Jhe case of Seroop Churid, who was committed to custody by the provincial council of Daica, and released, by the authority of the lupreme court; and more particularly, because in this case, more than in many others which are made subjetft of complaint against the court by the servants of the East - India company, the grounds upon which the supreme court afterted the legally and propriety of their own jufifdiction, and denied the competency of that authority exercised by the former, are very fully difculfed in the argument delivered from theberfeh.

Seroop Chund was committed in ’ o custody by the provincial chief and council of Dacca, for an arrear of revenue alledged to be due from him to the company, as tmlzamin erfurety for the rents of a distiidt cklled Deccan - favagepore, and alfj for a considerable balance of cacti alledged to be paid into his hands, as cazanchy or treasurer of the revenues that provincial division. The former claim he disputed; the latter he acknowledged to be jull, But refused to discharge. Thereasons for this refusal not appearing fa - ri ? factory to the provincial council, they continued their restraint upon Seroop Chund, declaring, in their letter to the govem6r general and council, dated August 26, 1777. that as that was the first instance they had experienced of reliftance to the orders of government, and denial of its claims, and had been made by a person holding one of the principal offices under that council; the relcafeof Seroop Chund, after his public defiance of their authority, would Tender nugatory any futuie exertions of the powers‘vtfted in them for obtaining

( jOO Ic

504 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

taining payment of the company’s revenues; and Seroop Chund, after a personal examination before the provincial council on % the subjefct of both claima, was declared by them to be dismissed from his port of treasurer, as unworthy ’ the trull he held.

And your committee find, that at this time, an order had been given from Mr. Justice Hyde, with a rule to shew cnufe why a writ of habeas corpus fhqutd not issue to the provincial council, to produce the body of Seroop Chund; and the justice not being satisfied with the reasons exhibited to him by the company’s attorney, who applied to him for that purpose, ordered a writ of habeas corpus; in consequence of which, Seroop Chund was delivered up by the provincial council. It does not appear that he had then paid any part of the arrear of revenue, and of 69, 749 rupees ( or about 7000I. ) the balance of treasure acknowledged by him to be ' due, no more than 9750 rupees ( or about iooool. ) had been received. But in a subsequent letter from the company’s attorney, dated 24 days after Seroop Chund’s dif - mission from his office, the provincial council had recovered 46, 511 sicca rupees ( about 5000I. ) of the treasury balance; and there Hill remained due upon that article 22, 238 sicca rupees ( about 2500b ) and on the arrear of revenue 10, 000 licca rupees ( about 1200I )

And when the return to the Writ of habeas corpus came to be argued before the court of the 19th of September, 1777. the council for Seroop. Chund moved to quad ) his own writ for informality, which was granted; and an amended writ was served in court upon the naziror officer of the provincial council in whose custody he had been : and the counl ' el for the company f lked for a longer term to make a return thereto, 44 Becaufethe governor ge - neraland council considertd this business in so very serious a light, and a thing of such consequence to the company’s revenues and collections in the country at large, and in thediftridt ot Dacca in particular, that they wished to have the highest authority possible, either to Confirm them in the exercise of their - jurisdiction, or to abolish that jurisdictf ion entirely, and by that means effectually to put a flop to the collections. " ' But no longer term was granted than the following day; and it was declared by Mr. Justice Le Mailt re, senior judge then on the bench, that Seroop Chund appeared to have been confined with a severity not usually practised upon prisoners for debt, l ' o that be could not eat, or perform the ceremonies of his religion, and the court could noq without injustice, refuse an immediate return to the writ. However, it appears, that the allegation of unusual severity in the confinement of the prisoner was denied by the other party, and their exculpation from this charge was supported by affidavits of the officers of the khaifa ( or exchequer ) supposed to be particularly conversant in the ancient usages and customs of the country government. v

And it appears by a letter from the company’s attorney, that the return was argued in court the ensuing day, being the 20th of September, 1777; that the company’s counsel again moved for a longer term, complaining of the lhortness of the time allowed, being only 24 hours from the serving of the writ, that inquiries might be made into circumstances which were judged dubious, and answers might be received from Dacca, to points ’ it was absolutely necessary to ascertain, which, from the distance of that place, your com iniuec underfUnd would require at lead six days j and offered, that Seroop - Chund

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Chund should in the mean time be permitted to go out on bail twice in the day to eat; and that the said motion was not granted by the court j that then the company’s counsel proposed to give the prisonej - enlargement upon bail, lo that he should not leave the settlement; but that the two judges present would not accede to any terms, unless a total release was given to the prifo - er, without restraint or confinement to any place; and the security to be given was, that he should appearand pay anyfum of money which any competent.. court of judicature should adjudge to be due to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East - Indies. " And the attorney fays, he did not acquielce in this kind of release, nor to a bail - piece so worded, as thinking it either entirely nugatory, or liable to many litigations with regard to the opinion of the judges present, as to the competency of the court which might decide hereafter on thi, s matter, "

And for the grounds upon which the supreme court resolved to release Se - roop - Chund from the custody of the officer of the provincial Council, and di£ allowed the competency of their jndicial a&$ as a corporate body, yourconw mitteebeg leave torefer to along argument delivered by the late Mr. Justice Le Mai ft re upon that occasion; in which he declares his con ft ruction of the acte of the 13th of ht6 present Majesty, as far as relates to the authority thereby iatendedto be given to the governor general and council, in the management and colje&ion of the revenues; and upon which a < 5f, the governor genera ! and council have always claimed and exercised, by themselves or their servants, the power of confining person9 in order ro enforce payment of their rents and revenues in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; and, exclusive of the public arguments advanced by the judge who pronounced the decision of the court, your committee find it is declared *, that there are other reasons for Seroop Chund’s release, arising from the affidavits made before Mr. J. ' ft ice Hyde, upon which the writs were grounded, containing accusa - tions of great oppression, and imputing to very unjust motives the severity exercised against Seroop Chund : but the particulars of these affidavits do not appear to have been filed of record in the proceedings of the supreme court upon this decision; how ’ ever, your committee find, that a letter was immediately written ro Mr. Justice Hyde from the governor general and council, desiring, as Mr. Justice Le Maiftre’s argument alluded to charges of a very criminal nature against foine, { erson or persons, whose names are not mentioned, but who could be no other than servants of the company, or persons ailing under their authority, that he would be pleased to furuilh copies thereof.

Your committee do not find, amongst the papers referred to them from the East - India House, any answtr from Mr. Justice Hyde to the above requifi - tion; but judging it proper, upon so public an accusation, throv n out by a judge upon tht : bench, to ascertain, as far as in them lay, whether the provincial, council had, in their proceedings against Seroop Chund, acted from a sense of their duty in securing the company’s revenue, and justly punished si public servant for contumacy and embezzlement; or had been instigated by motives of private resentment; directed the clerk of the ' East - India company, who attends your committee, % o make particular tearch in the subsequent con - fultarions of the governor general and council : and he has reported n consequence, that he does not any where find an answer from Mr. Justice Hyde, Vol. II. T11 or

$06 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

or any copies of the alledged affidavits, nor any thing farther relating to his subject than what is fain by the governor general and council, upon referring the whole proceedings to the attentive perusal of the court of directors n the 84th paragraph of their letter, dated Fort William, the 18th of November, 1777.

. Your committee, in the course of their examination, find, that the supreme court have conflroed their jurisdiction equally to extend over the lands as well as the persons and personality of the zemindars. Your committee deemed this claim a matter of very great importance, and in a peculiar manner to merit ' the attention of the House; as the proceedings of the supreme court of judicature, on this case, appears to be a formal declaration or law, 1 that the zemindaries are subject to the payment of the debts of individuals, independent of thecontroul of that power from which alone the zemindars derive their authority.

Your committee perused the 26th paragraph of the revenue letter from the governor general and council to the court of directors, dated the 19th of August, 1778, in which it was stated, that they had been unable to collect any rents from the zemindary of Putty Sing, owing to a warrant of sequestration from the supreme court, to satisfy a private debt; that a serjeant had been sent up to execute this warrant; that he had sealed up the cutchery public court ) and dufters ( records ) of the revenue of the zemindary, and pur a total flop to the collections. Your committee observe, that in the 28th paragraph of the fame letter, the governor general and council inform the court ot directors, that they thought it necell ' ary t; > inllitute a suit in the supreme court of judicature again# the sheriff or his officer for the loss which the company had sustained in the collection of the revenues by the aforesaid acts, efti - mating the loss by the monthly kills, orpayments, from the time of the arrival of the sheriff’s officer.

Your committee observe, that in the revenue letter from the governor general and council to the court of directors, of the 4th of December, 1778, they state, tjhat publication had been made by order of the supreme court of judicature, for the sale of the zemindary, on the suit of the fame parties $ the governor general and council slate to the directors, that, having obtained a copy of the publication made by the sheriff, for the sale of the above zemindary, and being of opinion, thauhe intended ad of the sheriff was contrary to the law and immemorial practice of that country, by which no zemindary can be allienared or transferred from the actual zemindar, or new zemindar admitted, without the consent and formal landton of government; and that if the sale was permitted to takeeffed, it would i > t only be fubverfiveof the rights vested in the company and in this government, by the clause of the late regulating act of parliament, which enads, " that the ordering, management, and government, " &c. &c. but might eventually affect the rights of every zemindar in that country : they, therefore, unanimously resolved, that an advertisement should be published, giving notice, that no sale or alienation of a zemindary could be valid, without the consent and concurrence of the governor general andcouncil first had and obtained; and, as a mark of respect to the judges of the supreme court, the governor general andcouncil informs ©d them of the advertisment by the sheriff, and of the resolution they had taken thereupon j submiuing it to their judgment, to issue such further orde/s

. sod

A, 1781. DEBATES, 507

and instructions to the sheriff for his better guidance, as the nature and cir - cumftancce of the case, and the danger of establishing such a precedent, might appear to them to require.

Your committee observe, that the governor general and council write to the court of directors, in the letter already quoted, that they had judged it advisable to direct the commissioner of law suits to aiTure the sheriff, that if, in conformity to the opinion which had been given in their late publication, hcN would remove his feats, and return his writ against the zemindar, Futty Sing, nullabona % they would defend the suit which might be brought against him in consequence by the plaintiff. The governor general and council remark, that this proportion to the sheriff was conformable to an offer which he had previously made to the commissioner of law - suits. The governor general and council further add, that the court of directors must be sensible of the em - barraftments they labour under in being thus obliged to give indemnification at the suits of individuals, but they remark, that it is the least evil to which the government of Bengal is exposed, and the only mode which remained to prevent consequences of a more alarming and dangerous tendency.

Your committee observe, in the proceedings of the governor general and council, in their revenue department, of the 21st of December, 1779, that there is a letter to their board from Mr. Maxwell, and the provincial council of Patna, of the 13th of December, dating, that Rajah Abkar Ally Cawn, zemindar of the pergunnahs Narhut and Samay, had prefen ted an arzee as follows:

Cosy of the arzee from Rajah Ally

• There is an European with a warrant sent to me from Calcutta, on the complaint of NeelKungal Narrain, and Dutt Narrain, bramins. They have represented their case thus, " We delivered in an arzee to the Patna council,

" which was ordered to be translated, and the gentlemen promised they ' M would fend, us away satisfied j" but that afterwards on receiving 20, 000 rupees from me ( Akbaf Ally Cawn ) they would not listen to the bramins s in consequence of this, the warrant has been sent. As yet, both I and my people have kept out of the way, and it has not been served upon us, for we are afraid of being immediately carried to Calcutta. I am in possession of lands belonging to the company, to the amount of some lacks of rupees; should I be taken away, it will be attended with a considerable loss to government. The hircarrahs of the court are continually on the watch for me and Nutty Khan. I wifti for your orders, whether I shall deliver myself up or not. I request you will immediately write to Calcutta to have the warrant withdrawn, and that you will give direction to the person who brought it, to forbear searching for me, and interrupting the collections. I also hear that Mohun Loll has taken out a warrant against me, on account of balances due to him in this pergunnah, by people who are not able to pay him; he therefore withes to make me accounts ble. "

The provincial council at Patna informs the council general, that an arzee from those bramins was presented to their bqard on the 16th of April, 1778, Bating, that the zemindaries of Narhut and Samay was their inheritance; that Dyanat Khan and Agimerry Cawn, Afghauns, were servants to Serry Narrain, son of Chowdry Dirge Narrain, and Hurchunden, their grandfather 5 that they having ungratefully murdered Chowdry Dirge Narrain and Buder

T 11 2Narrain

So8 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Narrain, and plundered all their eiFcfts, their brothers abfcntedthemselves to different places for fear of Amanut Cawn.

That these bramins, in conference of the proclamation from the council of Patna, attended them, and r. quelled a, perwannah, or order, to he put in charge of the zemindarries as formerly. The provincial council of Patna Hate, that these claimants, as also the vakeel of Akbar Ally Cawn, attended the board. The claimants were asked, how long it was since their aoceftors were dispofleffed of their zemindarries ? to which they replied, about sixty or sixty - five years. The provincial council of Patna thought all further enquiry was unnecessary, as the parties acknowledged that they had been out of possession for a length of time, the fourth part of which would fufljce to invalidate their pretensions; and accordingly dismissed the claim.

The provincial council of Patna state, that, as to the 20, 000 rupees •Hedged to be given to them by Akbar Ally Cawn, the zemindar, it is a malignant falfhooa. 4

The provincial council at Patna represent to the council general, that as the zemindar Akv ' ar Ally Cawn has applied to them for prote&ion against the arrest, which they cannot grant, yet they take the liberty to re prefen t, that if zemindars are made amenable to the jurisdiction of the supreme court, and their persons liable to be seizedand carried to Calcutta, the coofequences mult be fatal to the revenue and peace of this country. They also represent, that they cannot think themselves responsible for its security, whilst tReir endeavours may at all times be opposed by the interference of the court, which they conceive will not only cause a total loss of the revenue, but also excite a general rebellion of the zemindars throughout the province.

The provincial, council further add, that to prove the necessity of receiving the immediate orders of the governor general and council on this subjcCf, they inform that board, that a precept of the supreme court has been fervedon Rajah Mahdoo Sing, zeraindarof Tirhoot, and on Modun Tahor, one of his prin ? cipal talookdars; and the provincial council add, they are informed many Others are daily expended.

Your committee find, on the fame day’s confutations, a letter from the gor vernor general and council to Mr. Ewan Law, chief, and to the provincial council of Patna, referring them to their general orders of the 17th of that month; inclosing copies of notification, in the Persian and Bengal language -, to be made to all the zemindars, chow dries, fee. and which orders were then repeated. The governor general and council further directed the council of Patna to inform the zemindars of Narhut and Samay, and of Tirhoot, that they were nor subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme court, and in that character they were not to yield obedience to its warrants or summonses.

The governor and council general also add, that, apprehensive from, what has lately happened, that thefiieriff might employ military force to enforce the writs of the supreme court, they caution the provincial council of Patna to be on their guard aga ’ i ll any such illusion; and on the first; notice of the appearance of any bodies of armed men in the province of Baharr by wh$t authority soever tl. vy may have been deputed, excepting by the regular orders of the government, that they do immediately take the most effectual meansto apprehend tuem, and, if necessary, that they apply to the officer of #the nearest military Nation for aflitf aace.

- - Your

A. i ? 8i. DEBATES. 509

: Your committee observe, that in the proceedings of the governor general and council, ©j the ioth of December, 1779, Francis, oneof the mem bers of the supreme council, delivers in a minute relative to the zemindar of Powah Colly, in the province of Purnea; the board, in consequence, do call upon Mr. Harwood, the chief of the provincial council of Dinagepore, to inform the board what be knows relative to the proceedings against Hurry Sing, the zemindar of Powah Colly.

Your committee find, that Mr. Harwood, in his le < t£r of the 20th of December, 1779, to the secretary of the council, date ' s as follows : —That in the Bengal year 1182, or 1775, one. Aman Ullah claimed some lands, situated in the pergunnah of Powah Colly; but that the zemindar denied his right and refuting to relinquish them, an affoi7 ensued between the parties, in which one man was killed : the officers of the phouidarry court examined into the circumstances, and as it appeared tha : v. the zemindar Hurry Sing and Aman Ullah were both, in some measure, culpable, they were both ordered into confinement; that some time after their release from this confinement, Aman Ullah caused another complaint to be preferred to the nabob, in which he fee forth, that Hurry Sing had murdered his wife’s broiher : in confluence of this accusation, the officers of the phouularry court were directed to condudk the zemindar to Moorfliedabad, that he t itht be tried before the nabob; b set that on the road thither, they were mot by an European bailiff, who took their prisoner from them, and carried him to Calcutta; Aman Ullah having infiituted A suit for debt against hirti in the t preme court of judicature.

. Mr, Harwood funher flares, that he heard the zemindar was confined m gaol there a considerable time, but d d not know by what means he obtained permission to return to Purnea : and he also adds, that upon the zemindar’s arrival at Purnea, he was again pul into confinement by the phoufdarry officers, Mr. Harwood further relates, that soon after thw, another European with a warrant, came to Purnea; and hearing that Harry Sing was confined in prison, that the serjeant went thereat night; a gua. ' d was at the door, the serjeant forced his way in, and examined the prifiwers. Hurry Sing, however, escaped, and hid himself in some of the neigSbouring huts for a few days; but having heard that the peons of the court had gone to his house in the country, and troubled his family, he surrendeteef himself to the bailff. Mr, Harwood relates, that the provincial countfil of Dinagepore upon this occasion addressed the governor general and counc : J; and, in consequence of their orders, he advised the zemindar to apply to Mr. Naylor, the company ' s commissioner of law suits, and to produce evidence to p « ove his independency on the jurisdiction of the court; that the p ’ vincial council wrote to Mr, Naylor, and received his answer; from whkh they under flood that Hurry Sing had before pleaded to the jurisdiction ? f the court, but as the plea did not issue, it was necessary he should defend the present cause, and afterwards prosecute Aman Ullah for a litigious suit 5 however, the plaintiff dropped his prosecution, and Hurry Sing again rrurned to Purnea. Mr. Harwood further relates, that a few months afterwar Is, another warrant ( and he was told on the fame complaint as the former ) accompanied by Aman Ullah and the sheriff’s officers, came again for the zemindir, Hurry Sing, and carried him a third time to Calcutta; that the zemindar, after remaining in confinement there a considerable time, procured his relcafe, and was then at Purnea *

Your

510 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

Your comimtte observe in the proceedings of the governor genera ! and council of Bengal, in their revenue department, of the 10th of December, 1779, a letter from William Holland, provisional chief, and the council of Dacca, to the governor general and council, inclosing the of a writ

issued by the supreme court of judicature j and flaring, that without the knowledge of Mr. Lodge, who was the resident at Belluah ( a pergunnah dependent on the Dacca division ) an European serjeant of the supreme court, ejected the possessors of the lands, ( tiled Henry Robinson in the writ, and gave possession to John Doe, viz. Ajooderam; although the former held them upon a decree passed in the adaulut againflChundermoney and Sherbeflar, from whom John Doe, as appears by the writ, derives his title.

It appears to your committee, that /hen Mr, Shakespear, who was chief of the Dacca council, returned to his station, he determined not to permit the writ of eje&ment from the supreme court to operate in any difiriCl under his charge without the express orders of the governor general and council; and therefore he, in conjunction with the provincial council, appointed a fezawul, or temporary collector on fbe part of government, over the Patpar - rah Talook, and to publish a proclamation, prohibiting the ryots under the said talooks from paying their rents tD any person whatever, but the fezawul so appointed; and their lands to beheld answerable for such rents, without any abatement for payments that may be made to any other person whatsoever.

It appears, that the governor general and council approved of the conduit of the provincial chief and council at Dacca, and direlfed that a new notice should be circulated to all zemindars and talookdars, describing what class of persons were subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme court.

Yourcommittee observe in the ' proceedings of the governor general and council, in their revenue department, of the 9th of May, 1779, a letter from Mr. North Nayfor, attorney to the company, representing, that altions at law had been brought against Sudder al hue Cawn, the naib nazim, or viceroy of Bengal, Vy Cojah Zekeriah, and others, for the seizure and imprisonment of then at Moorfhedabad. It Bates, that the plaintiffs are per - ions against whombad been alledged the commission of forgery; and that they werefent dovnfrom Patna to Moorfhedabad, to wait the decision of the aaib nazim, on; he trial they had undergone before the officers of the phoufis darry court; bu; on beingferved with subpoenas from the supreme court, had been fiiffered toproceed to Calcutta previous to any judgment being passed on their innocenceor criminality.

Your committee find, that the governor general and council resolved, that the company ’ attorney should be directed to defend the actions brought against Sudder al hue Cawn, naib nazim, by Cojah Zekeriah and others, for the seizure jnd imprisonment of them at Moorfhedabad; and the advocate general wasdirplted to plead to the jurisdictiort of the court, and if that plea was over raled, to proceed on the merits of the cause.

And yoju committee observe, that in a letter from Mr. Naylor, attorney to the conpany, of the ift of July, 1779, he informs the secretary to the council taat the several actions commenced in the supreme court against Sudder al hup Cawn, the naib nazim, were discontinued by the parties.

, - Your

A. 1781. DEBATES. ' *

Your committee find, that the supreme court of judicature have exercised jurisdiction over the naib subah, or nabob’s deputy, in the three provinces. The naib subah is an officer who holds his appointment from the nabob of Bengal; he presides in a court composed of various persons skilled in the Ma « homednn laws, which court superintendstbe whole criminal jurisdiction of < he, three provinces : the provincial officers of criminal jurisdiction receive their appointments from him, and make a monthly report of the proceedings of rheir respectivecourts to hini; and no capital sentencecan be carried into execution, until such sentence is confirmed by the naib subah, of the nabob himself. Your committee observe, that in a minute made by the governor ge - vernor general, of the 9th of March, 1780, he states, that Sudder al hue Cawn, the late naib subah of these provinces, had a writ of habeas corpus served upon him in his durbar, or court, by a sheriff’s officer, in the month of January, 1779—That Sudder al hue, being apprehensive of doing any act which might be construed an acknowledgment of his subjection to the jurisdiction of the court, and at the same time cautious to avoid offence, he desired the officer to leave the writ on a chair in his presence. The officer on his return made affidavit of the fa&, with such a colouring of it, as induced the judges to regard it as an insult offered to their authority, and immediately to order an attachment to issue against him. The governor general further Hates, that fortunately the execution of the writ was llayed by an affidavit of the commissioner of law suits, which afforded him time to use his influence for preventing it ultimately from taking efftft; and that he was alarmed for the consequences whivh would follow from such an outrage so publicly offered to the person of the man, in whose hands was placed the whole criminal jurisdiction of the provinces, if permitted; and which could only be prevented by means which he dreaded as much. The governor general adds, that hepre - ▼ailed upon Sudder al hue Cawn, to write a letter of conctflion to the chief justice. The supreme court ordered, that the writ of attachment should not issue out of the office of the clerk of the crown, until the first day of the next term, and until further order. The governor general concludes with remarking, that the writ was never afterwards enforced nor noticed, but remained impending as a terror over the head of the naib nazim, until the day of his death; and he believes that it exists even to the day he wrote that minute. Your committee find some strong observations on the proceedings of the supreme court against Sudder al hue Cawn, in the letter of the governor general and council to the court of directors, of the 25th of January, 1780.

Your committee being solicitous to akertain the extent to which the laws of England have been administered by the judges of the fuprerpe court of j udicature, over the native inhabitants ' of Bengal, Bihar, and Orissa, perused volumes of records ordered from the East India company.

Your committee find, that the nature and powers of the dewannee adaulut are let forth in the seventh report of the committee of secresy; and Mr. Boughton Rouse informed your committee, that in consequence of a determination made by. the judges, in the case of an habeas corpus, in 1775, r e dewannee adaulut of the town of Calcutta, was annulled; and all ciule9 concerning property within the town, between native and native, havefince been rriedby the supreme court only. And it docs not appear to your committee, that the dewannee adauluts out of Calcutta, have undergone any

material

material change in their eonftitution ( ince tlje year 1772, when a general plan was formed, which was also laid before thie House in the seventh report of the said committee of secrecy. But it does appear, by the evidence of Ml Bought on Rouse, that thecontroul which was given by the fourth article of the regulations above mentioned, to the £ngli ( h chiefs or collectors in the department of criminal justice, was entirely, taken away by a regulation of the governor general and council about the month of February, 1776, when the whole criminal jurisdiction of the provinces was committed to the direction of the naib subah, or nabob’s deputy.

Your committee thought it their duty to obtain ill possible information respecting the practice of the fupremecourr, as well ay on the expence of suits instituted there; and for this purpose they examined Mr. William Hickey; who informed them, that he pr Ctifed as an attorney at Bengal, for eighteen months, from November 1777 to Miy 1779—That he served his clerkftiip with his father in England— - That the expence of prosecuting a suit in Bengal, is, he believes, treble to what it would be in England— - That the fees of court are established in the rules of practice fectled by the judges, and approved by the governor general and council—That the fees to the counsel are three times as much as those in England—That the largest fee he ever gave, was fifteen gold moors—That a gold moor is worth about thirty - four ( hillings— That it the cause continued more days than one, the fee was repeated daily; and that a cause that would in England lall one day, lads there two or three days—That the expence is much encreased by the difiance of the place where the cause of action arises, by the charge of bringing up witnesses, and the expence of travelling, which, he underttands, is much greater there than in England—That it is common for a party living at a distance, to fend a vakeel or native agent, who employs an attorney at Calcutta to transact his business; so that in that country, every person, having a cause, and not attending himself, mull employ an attorney and a vakeel. Being asked, what was the first procels issued by the supreme court, in the different civil actions brought against native inhabitants of Bengal ? informed your committee, that there are but two forts of process, one by summons, the other by capias—That the first requires an appearance being en ' ered upon the return of the summons— That the capias holds to bail; for which reason the native plaintiffs always wilhedto have a capias. Being a ( ked, in what cases the supreme court issues a summons ? he said, in cases of debt; if it is under one hundred rupees, you can have no other writ but a summons, and that summons iflue9 of course, without any affidavit, if the defendant resides within Calcutta, or its limits; if out of Calcutta, the plaintiff muff make affidavit, dating how the defendant is subject to the juiifdlction. Being asked, in what cases the l ' uprcme court issues writs of capias ? he said. in debts of above one hundred rupees, and ' matters of wrong : the person complaining makes affidavit of the cir cumstances; that affidavit is carried before a judge, who adminiffers the oath, and orders the capias, with bail, in any sum that he thinks the wrong may require. In actions of debt, the bail is generally double the amount of the debt 5 but upon this subject he begs leave to refer to the rules and orders of the fuprune court, which hate been laid before the committee. Being asked, whether it is easy for the native inhabitants to find bail ? he said, it is not difficult for an inhabitant of Calcutta to obtain bail, provided he has money—

He

A. ijSi.

D E B A t E S.

' 3

He believes, that in fifteen actions out of twenty, the bail are hired; that if tljcy were not hired, he believes that it would be very difficult to procure bail; that it would be almost impossible for a person coming from any distance to procure bail, unless he used the fame means, that of hiring bail; that ftiere are great numbers committed to gaol for want of bail; that he believes thete are more instances of perjury in the court, relative to bail, than in any other court. Being aiked, whether it is customary to oppose bail, when they come to be justified ? hesaid, it is; but he never recolle&s to have seen bail refused, unless their perjury was evident by prevarication before the court. Being asked, what is the fee to counsel for justifying or opposing bail ? he said, one gold mohur to the counsel, which is about one pound twelve shillings sterling. Being asked, when a person made affidavit of debt before a judge, and of the defendant being subject to the jurisdiction of the supreme court, whether it was usual for the judge to examine the plaintiff, as to the particular circumstances which brought the debt within the jurisdiction ? he said, such persons as he carried before a judge, were always examined very strictly; but with other attornies that was not the case—That he has seen the judge grant writs of capias, without aiking any questions of the person making such affidavit. Being further aiked, whether writs were ever refused on affidavits offered by him ? he said, several, and that two were afterwards granted upon the application of Mr. Wroughton, his clients having quitted him and employed Mr. Wroughton. Being aiked, if they were granted upon further examination, or fresh affidavit ? he said the affidavit of course was re - drawn, but there was no new matter in it. Then bein£ aiked, to what judge he alluded ? he said, to Mr. Justice Hyde, the only judge who acted in Calcutta in business out of court, after the death of Mr. Le Maifire, who died some time in the month of November, 1777, a few days after the witness’s arrival in Calcutta. Being aiked, how it came that Mr. Justice Hyde was the only judge that transa&ed this part of the business ? he said, from his being the only judge resident in Calcutta. Being aiked, whether in any actions of wrongs, and for debt of above one hundred rdpees, a native can plead to the jurisdiction, and have that plea tried without giving bail, or going to gaol ? he said, mod certainly not. Being acted, what would be the expence of 91 plea to the jurisdiction of the court in a common case, where the defendant resides at no great distance from Calcutta ? he said, he supposed full five hundred rupees, two hundred of which would be allowed on the taxation between party and party, if his plea was admitted; but that if the native was resident in a distant province, it is impossible to say what the expence might amount to Being aiked, if he had any opportunity of knowing what description of men the supreme court of judicature think themselves empowered to subpoena as witnesses the said, he believes they think themselves empowered to subpoena persons of all ranks; that he has known rajahs fupcened as witnesses; that he heard the chief justice declare from the bench, that in case of refusal of any person so fupcened to attend, or even of a person absenting himself, in order to avoid being served, that the court was empowered, and would moll certainly infiidt corporal punishmenc; and that the clause by which they were so authorised, was interred in the charter at his express desire. Being aiked, whether in causes of long duration, or great consequence, the expences in that court are not Very heavy ? he said, yes; that the mofi expensive cause he ever Yol# if Uuu managed

SH P A ' R LIAMEN TA RY A; i ? 8. u

managed in that country, was for Colonel Watson, which was concluded with - in the third term, and that his bill amounted to upwards of seven thousand licca rupees, or eight hundred pounds; that in the Patna cause, the plaintiff ' s, attorney ' s bill, some time before the conclusion of the cause, amounted to upwards of forty thousand sicca rupees, about four thousand five hundred/, pounds; that this was told him by Mr, Wroughton, one of the attornies in the suit. Being aiked, if he knows any thing of the number of causes ah -, nually tried in Calcutta ? he said, he supposed, that in the time he resided there, there were upon an average at lead fifty in each term and fittings, and there are four terms in a year. Being aiked, whether it often happened that a single judge forrped a court for the decision of civil or criminal suits ? he said, it was very frequently the case, and once during his residence, almost for a whole term and fittings. Being aiked, if that iingle judge exercised the power of alfefling damages for personal injuries ? he said, heaaed in the same manner as if the four were present, Then being aiked, whether he thought in the epurfe of his practice, that substantial justice had often failed of being obtained, for want of legal formality in the instruments exhibited to support the claims ? he informed your, committee, that in many infiances it had, particularly in agreements between Europeans and natives, and that fqme of these agreements had been made before the establiflurtent of the supreme, court of judicature.

Then Thomas Furrcr, Esq. a member of your committee, was aiked, tq what did he attribute the abolition or suspension of the court of dewannee adaulut of Calcutta ? he informed your committee, that the supreme court of judicature has uniformly, as he has always understood, held, that all the inha <;. bitants of Calcutta and its environs within the limits of the JVlahratta Ditch, of whatsoever description, are in all cases, both civil and criminal ( save in, matters of revenue due to the East India Company, and such trifling matters as come within the cognizance of the court of conscience ) subject totliejur rifdi£tion of that court, exclusive of all other courts whatsoever; and that no native court has a concurrent jurisdiction with the supreme court. To thi$, general principle, firi&ly adhered to in practice, he attributes in a great mea - lure the abolition or suspension of the court of dewannee adaulut, within the town of Calcutta. And being aiked, if during the time of his practice as a bariifterat law in the lupremc ppqrt, he had known any considerable instance of relief afforded to the natives again, # the oppressions and exactions of Europeans in power, or bapyans acting under them ? said, from the very great variety of bufipefs that came before hiin, be cannot at this difiance of time pretend to point out particular iftfiances; there have been instances no doubt, such as bonds pleaded to have been obtained by duress; notes or tepes given to Europeans, or their banyans or servants, without any pecuniary consideration, and actions of aflaull or battery, ugainfi native myloyed by the government of that country, in which, relief by the court has, been given to the respective parties; but said, these cases are but few. in number, and of inferior consequence, such at least as at present finite his. memory. Being aiked if he ever heard that the late Mayor ' s court at Calcuttaj as. remarkably deficient in affording redress to cases of that nature ? said, that from the idea he entertained of the integrity and impartiality of that court, he conceived that redress would have been granted in all the cases by him above alluded to, fujj -

poling

Abl ) 8t « DEBATE S.

- poling that coftrt < y have had jurisdiction over them. Being asked, if he thought that the natives Would have been afraid of applying for redress to a Vourc so constituted ? said, that in many cases he thought they would; and that the constitution of that court, considering the extent of territory and influence our nation now possesses in that country, was very defective. Being asked, if he knew of any tnftpnces in the supreme court, in which the parties failed in obtaining substamial just ice, from the defects or errors in the forms of proceedings ? laid, a great many, no doubt. Being asked, whether the transactions of that country are eanly recon cileable With the ft rift observance ‘of the forms and proceedings of our eourf ? said, no, in many cases very difficult Being affeed, whether the rules of evidence observed by that court, are any obstruction to the ’ obtrining substanrialjustice ? said, hef thought not 5 difficulties frequently occurred, but they were generally got over, and in fevers ! instances the court gave it to be uflderftobdas a matter of favour, rather than a rtuftter of right. lleing asked, whether he did not think that a more simple rilode of proceeding than that used in the supreme court, would be con - % ducive to substantial Justice, Without injury to the certainty of legal proceedings ? said, that both in the constitution of the court, and in the forms and > practice, he thought that many improvements might be made. Being asked, ’ if be had not had an occaliori tii form an opinion in the course of his practice, that the natives of Indoftalt are less scrupulous of perjury than in other na - 1 tions ? said, they are extremely apt to evade and equivocate, and from the ' tdifference ’ betlveen the idiom of their language and ours, joined to the natural dispolitions ibbvetaentioned, with the additional circumstance of their

evidence being aketa from the medium of an interpreter, who does not al -. ways well undferstand bur language, he has frequently found it impossible to

get a - direct Snfwe from them, but in many cases, direct apparent contradic -

tions appear between the evidences produced by the differentparties. Being ' asked, if he recollected any instances of men, who had - been sentenced as criminals to work on the roads, being released by the authority of the fu - c preme court ? said that at the time of the establHhment of the supreme ‘ court, many persons of this description. in the town of Calcutta were con - - fined ‘by the authority of the country courts of criminal juiifdiction. By a " reference to the proceedings of the governor general and council, he believes If will be found, that various nyeftag s and applications passed between the judges, or some of them, and the governor general apd council, touching the

' release of such persons; that the governor general and council declining to

discharge them, he has heard and believed, that most or all of such persons r were discharged by thiqf authority of some one or more of the ? judges. Being

asked, what was the obnsequence of this general release ? said, great disorders enfuedby the commission of a great number of robberies in the town and environs or Calcutta; some of them, as he has heard andbelieved, by a number of arnffc4 banditti in open day; the general opinion was, that these dtf - orders proceeded from the release abbvementioned and the consequent fufr pe fiotf of the authority which confined them; insomuch, that the officer, pallid superintendant ©fc police, was permitted to relume his functions in the ufuab manner Being diked, whether the ’ superintendent of the police a6\ed as an officer of the phoufdarry court, or whether he proceeded according to ' the strict rules of the English criminal law ?. said, he was certainly an officei V ' " U u u oi

5i 6 PARLIAMENTARY A. i7 « f

or person employed by the criminal jurisdictioa of the country, and has not, at he conceived, any connexion with the English laws. Being aiked, what rule the court observed in granting writs of habeas corpus ? laid, the fame rule he conceived as in the issuing all the other process of the court, that is, taking care that a proper ground is made to them, to shew that the person in whose custody the person applying for an habeas corpus is charged to be an object of the jurisdiction of the court. Being aiked, whether in actions of wrong, or for debt of above one hundred rupees, the defendant can plead to the jurisdiction without giving bail or going to gaol ? said, that supposing ap order to be made by a judge for holding the defendant to bail; in that case he certainly cannot plead to the jurisdiction of the court without giving bail, or as a prisoner. Being aiked, if bail for large sums was easily obtained in the pro ' vinces ? said, that muit entirely depend upon the degree of credit that the defendant potTeiTes; but in general he should think it difficult 3 and for the tnoff part, during the time he was in the country, defendants of this description were generally brought to Calcutta for want of bail Being aiked, if the court ever granted an habeas corpus to bring up the body of a Mahomedan or a Gentoo woman ? said, that he was concerned as counsel in one such instance : a return was made, Hating, that this woman could not be produced in court without disgrace, and therefore submitting it to the court, that the matter should not be further prosecuted : there being no opposition made to this re turn, the court observed, it muff for that reafoo be received, and filed silen -. tio. Being aliped, if he had any opportunity of knowing what description of men the supreme court of judicature thought themselves impowered to sub -. poena as witnesses ? said, he believed they subpoened all persons of what description soever, in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriila.

Your committee again examined Mr. Joseph Price; who being aiked, if he knew of the release of the zemindary prisoners, by order of the judges, or any one of them ? he said, he remembered it very well—That all the inhabitants of Calcutta were extremely alarmed at it—That he was obliged to he at the expence of fix or eight peons to guard his own property, which he thought before very secure—That his agents and servants daily brought him accounts of unusual robberies, and other violences, committed by the prisoners who had been discharged—That many of the European inhabitants returned to their houses more early than ulW, to fee their property secured, which they thought in as much danger from the release of the convicts, as the people in England would from a general release from all the prisons and ballad lighters.

Being aiked, if the supreme court had proceeded upon the drift formalities of English law courts, or with the discretion formerly exercised by the Mayor’s court, as a court of equity ? fie said, they have proceeded upon the drift formalities, with a seventy inconceivable to the natives—That in the Mayor’s court the proceedings were very Ample and plain, and as few technical terms permitted to be used as possible by the attornies or lawyers, in order that the inhabitants who underdood English, and who were present in the cpu{t, might underdand the proceedings of that court. Being aiked, if he thought many inffances have arisen in mits, either of natives or Europeans, where a rigid adherence to drift legal formalities fias prevented fufiffantial judice ? he said,

A. 1781. D B Av T E S ., 517

he thought it not only had prevented substantial justice, but had prevented people applying to the supreme court of judicature for justice.

Being a Iked, if there was not a great respondentia cause before the supreme court of judicature, whilst he was at Calcutta ? he said, he was summoned by the court to give his opinion upon a respondentia cause then depending $ when the form of law totally ddlroyed all their cu oms in India, in the mode of lending and borrowing of money on respondentia, and rendered hi® experience of more than twenty - five yeais insignificant. Being a Iked, whether in consequence of the decision passed in that infiance, merchants were not obliged to make an entire alteration in the form of their respondentia bonds throughout India, in order to give them a legal validity ? he said, they cer - ' 1 tainly were; and that the fame remark applies to every instrument and obligation usually made between man and man, that they had very little law be lore the institution of the court, but a great deal of justice.

. Your committee then examined Mr. John Mills, who said, that he had re - sided in Bengal twenty - one years—That he left it the 14th of January, 1778. —That he was superintendant of the police. Being siked, whether he knows of any circumftabces of certain criminals sentenced by the phoufdarry ' court of Calcutta to work, on the public roads, being released by order of the supreme court, or Any judge of that court ? he informed yowr committee, that be received a note from Mr. Justice Le Maiftre, whilst he was superintendattt of the police, informing him that on the following day he ’ should be served with an habeas corpus, tobringupall the prisoners that were under his charge, before the supreme court, at the court house—That the note recommended to him to deliver them all up, as be could not afiigu any legal reason for the detaining those that might have been delivered to him when he received the charge of the office, or such As might have been committed during the time he bad been in office. And accordingly on the next day he attended before the court with the prisoners, and delivered them up—That the number of them was between sixty and seventy—About thirty of them had ( mail irons about their legs, and that they were coupled together, two and two. Being a Iked, for what offences these thirty prisoners were put in irons ? said, for va - •rious kinds of thefts. Being aiked, what was the ufu3l term of their sentence - for working on the roads ? he said, when he received the office some of them1 were Sentenced for life—That after he held the office, the longest term > va® for six months, and he thinks only two for that rime. Bi. ng aiked, what were the consequences resulting from the release of these convicts ? he said, that the native inhabitants of Calcutta were thrown into great apprehensions and alarm, and not without reason—That,. as near hs he can recoiled, one third of the number of these convicts, or more, were taken up for committing varirus crimes within the spaceof three weeks—That numbers of the inhabitant ?, to his own knowledge, hired men to guard their house®, and to proredl their persons and property—That upon examining these people when brought before him, they acknowledged that they had no other means of subsistenc than by robbingandplundering—That he then fentthem to the ftttingjustice, with the proofs and witnesses of the crimes they had committed, and that they were in general, as be understands, dismissed. Being ask. d, what effefl the conduit of the judges in this part of their proceedings had upon the powers of his office

• be said, it tqok away the whole power, and rendered it totally useless, - and an

uaueedfary

SI& PARLIAMENTARY A, 1781

undeceiTary expence to the company—That he was frequently insulted in the discharge of what he thought the duties of it, keeping the peace and protecting the inhabitants.

Then being asked, by what rule he proceeded as superintendant of the p < H lice j whether by the English or the Mahomedan law, or how othfcrwife f he said, by the Mahomedan law in every respect, to the belt of His knowledge; Being asked, whether he understood the Mahomedan law himself, or had any person belonging to hi court or cutchery who did understand it ? he said he did not perfectly himself, but he had two natives, one a Moulavie, and the other the dewan of the court, who were deemed competent in the knowledge of that law. Being asked, who appointed those persons ? he said, they were left to his own appointment. Being asked, whether the proceedings of his court were recorded ? he fjid, every day. Being asked, if there was any regular record kept of all those zemindary prisoners released by his Majesty’s justice ? he said, he did not doubt there was; but he never had it in his possession— That he onderstood it was in the office of the secretary of the supreme council, and was called the proceedings of the court of zemindary. - —He further informed your committee, that he did not hold the office before the establish jnent of the lupreme court.

Major Rcnnell was again examined by your committee : and being asked, whether he thinks the people in the country villages can conform themselves to the English laws, or take advantage of them to fereen themselves from the oppressions of their superiors, without the advantage of one or more resident English attornies ? he laid, he does not think they could, cither with or without them. Being asked, whether the English attornies learn enough - of the language in a short time, to be useful to the people in their profenion ? he - laid, undoubtedly it would be some time before they could learn the language *; but when they had, he should imagine the inhabitants would not in general employ them; because before he left Bengal, a general complaint was made of the exorbitancy of their charges. Being asked. what would be the effect of many attornies settling in that country ? he said, if he could suppose they could get business, he should imagine a general transfer of property throughout the province. Being asked, whether the ignorahee of the natives in the English laws and language would not put them wholly in the power of such attornies ? he said, undoubtedly, to those who employed them. Being asked, if such attornies should be corruptly disposed, would they not have tf ' power of oppressing and vexing the natives, and doing as much injury to ' their property as other Engliffimen employed in the company’s service ? he said, he thinks they would have more opportunities.

Your committee again examined Edward Baber, Esq. tvho being asked, whether Muxadabad is not the residence of the Nabob of Bengal, and many men of family and liberal education ? he said, yes. And being further asked, whether he had not an opportunity, during his residence at that capital, of Teaming the sentiments of men of rank with regard to the introduction of the new English judicature ? said, he had many; that he found them uniformly averse to it; that he has even had applications from men of the first rank, to know in what manner they could proceed, in order to be freed from it; and that they have professed to him that they. would certainly petition the governor general and council ta this purpose, if they were not ai akjrof the

power

rank wishing to quit the English territory, from a dislike of this judicature .; ' that Rajah Dolchunt, a principal banker, and a man of the first ranjc in that class, allured him, that he hsld been so vexed with summonses, the procels of which, to a man of his rank, is a disgrace, that it induced him to go to Benares, out; of the jurisdiction of the court, where he determined to relide to avoid these disgraceiul processes : and the witness has been informed, that one of the family of the feats had retired upon the fame principle.

Qeing asked, if men of rank are obliged to leave the country, what effect it would have upon the inferior dalles, and whether their condition would be improved by, it ? he said, he conceives that the etfeptof monied men leaving any country muff be bad, and in that particularly so, because these bankers are the agents through which many of the zemindar$, and others, transact the business of their cojle&ions. Being asked, what he conceives would be the efte£fc of the judgment of the l ' upreme court, relative to the farmers of lapds and their securities being deemed amenable to its jurisdiction ? he said, it would totally annihilate the present plan of collections, and prevent the natives of character holding farms, or becoming securities.

Then being asked, whether, if previous to the appointment of the judges, a subordinate officer should have been protected by the governor general and council, or a majority in council, in any misdemeanor or misconduct, was there any r dr efs in Bengal for the sufferet’s by any such misdemeanor or miscon - dud ?, he said, he should apprehend not; because the governor and council, as rrpresentative of the dewan or principal officer, have no superior but the court of directors. Being asked, whether, he has not heard many complaints of the misbehvaiour and mifqondud of Europeans, in the service of the company, or other British fu jeds, pr natives acting as their agents or servants ?. he said, he had heard of such complaints. And being asked, whether he thought such. complaints were without foundation ? he said, he imagined they were not without foundation. Then being asked, whether he does riot think it would be; inconvenient to the country, if there was no mode of fedrefs nearer to the natives than Westminster hall, or the court of Directors ? He said, most assuredly.

Then being asked, from his knowledge of the Rate of Bengali Bahar, and OrilTa, if the jurisdiction of the judges wag clearly defined and properly limited, so as to check the abuses whion Europeans, or persons bona fide theif agents, maybe guilty of, whether such an instifution would not be of great. benefit to the country ? he said, it i6 matter of opinion; and in his humble apprehension, it would be of great benefit.

The witness being further asked, whether the jurisdiction of the supreme court, continued in its present form, would have any tendency to introduce principles subversive of the subordination and well - being of a government so constituted as that of Bengal, Bahar, and Orilia ? said, that he thought it •certainly would, because the principles of the one are diametrically opposite to the other.

Upon hearing the evidence of Mr. William Hickey, relative to the declaration of the chief justice, Sir Elijah Impey, from the bench, " That in case of refusal of any person fubpeened to attend, or even of a person ab - fenting himself in order to avoid being served with a fnbpcena, that the

1

44 court,

320 PARLIAMENTARY A. i

4‘ court was empowered, and would most certainly inflict corporal punishment. " Your committee examined the charter of justice by which the supreme court of judicature in Bengal was instituted; and they do find, in page 12, as follows : —" To which end we hereby authorize and impower the said supreme court ? of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, at the request of either of the parties, to award and issue a summons, er precept in the nature of a summons, to be prepared in manner before - mentioned, directed to everyone of such witnesses, commanding him or her to appear at a time and place to be specified in such summons, to depose his or her knowledge, touching the suit so depending between the parties, naming them, and specifying at whose request such summons shall have issued. " And in page 13 of the charter, your committee find as follows : " And in case any person or periods, so summoned, shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to appear and be fwora, or, being quakers, to affirm, and be examined, and subscribe their depositions, at the supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal shall appoint, the supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal is hereby im « powered to punish such person or personsfo refusing, or wilfully neglecting, as for a contempt, by fine, imprisonment, or other c6rporal punishment, not affecting life or limb/ *

Your committee then examined the act of parliament of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, under the authority of which the said letters patent were granted; and find only the two following clauses which seem to have any relation to this matter : — 16That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by charter or letters patent, under the great seal of Great - Britain, to eredi and establish a supreme court of judicature at Fort William aforesaid, to coniiftof a chief justice, and three other judges, being barristers in England or Ireland of not less than five years ( landing, to be named from time to time by his Majesty, his heirs and successors; which said supreme court of judicature shall have, and the fame court is hereby declared to have, full power and authority to exercise and perform all civil, criminal, admiralty, and ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and to appoint ' such clerks, and other minifte - rial officers of the said cou : r, with such reasonable salaries as shall be approved of by the said governor general and council, and to form and establish such rules of practice, and such rules for the process of the said court, and to do all such other things as shall be found necessary for the administration of justice, and the due execution of all qjr any of the powers, which by the said charter shall or may be granted or committed to the said court; and also shall be, at all times, a court of record, and shall be a court of oyer and terminer and goal delivery, in and for the said town of Calcutta and fadory of Fort William in Bengal aforesaid, and the limits thereof, and the factoriea subordinate thereto. "—" Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said new charter, which his Majesty is herein before impowered to grant, and the jurisdictions, powers, and authorities to be thereby estabiifned, shall and may extend to all British subjects who ( halt reside in the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifia, or any of them under the protection of the said united company, and the fame charter shall be competent and effectual : and the supreme court of judicature therein and thereby to be established, shall have full power and authority to hear and determine all complaints against any of his Majesty’s subjects, for any crimes,

misdemeaaon *

' fl. l lift S. Sai

fcrifdemeanors, or oppfessions, committed or to be committed; and also to entertain, hear, and determine, any suits or actions whatsoever, a gain it any of his Majesty’s subje£h in Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, and any suit, action, or complaint against any person who shall, at the time when such debt qr cause of action or complaint shall have arisen have been employed by, or shall then have been, dtredHy or indirectlr, in the service of the said united com pray, orof any of his Majesty ' s subjedb. ’

Your committee, on reading the petition of the British inhabitants of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OnfTa, observe, that it prtfents two principal objects to the confederation of the House; first, their application for trial fey jury in civil as well as criminal cases; and secondly, for some regulation on the admission or rejection of evidence in trials before the supreme court or on appeals from their judgment. With regard to the latter, your committee conceive, that the propriety of the application will depend more upon principles and reasonings to be suggested by the wisdom of the house than on any enquiry into matter Of fast competent to this committee; and as to the former, your committee will now lay before the House the result of their exa tarnations on that objedh

Mr. William Hickey being again examined by your committee, was aiked Whether he knows of any inifahees in which the judges of the fuprerte court at Calcutta have refuted trial by jury in civil cases ? said, he did, in two actions brought against Mr. CJreafly; that the British inhabitants petitioned the court for trial by jury, and in that petition made a voluntary tender of their services as jurors, provided the court should grant the prayer of their petition t that the judges gave a ' written answer, wherein they referred the petitioners to the answer they had before verbally given to Mr. Creafly Being asked, whether the Englifti in general shewed a great readiness to serve Upon juries ? he said, after the bidiness of the petition was set on foot, they did. Being asked, if he knows any instances of British subjects vviftiing to avail themselves of an exemption by offices or otherwise, from fetving upon juries ? he said, that he has heard of several, and can speak positively to some public officers of the company; and the reasons he believes are assigned on the company’s records; and that he has heard a great many complaints of the difficulty of obtaining justice from the want of trial by jury. Being aiked if he knew the number of British householders of Calcutta, within the Mahratta ditch ? he said, ( h ld suppose about four hundred more or less. Being aiked, if he can judge bow many of the four hundred were allowed to ' be exempted from serving ert juries, by the offices they held under the government ? he said, When he came away, none, except the governor general and council Being aiked, whether, when those exemptions were granted by the court, they were granted as matter of right, or indulgence ? he said, they were certainly granted as matter of indulgence. Being aiked, what he supposed to be the number of those residing in and about the town of Calcutta, who were allowed to be exempted from serving on juries ? he said, he should suppose they might be. about forty. Being ask; df if he knows whaf reasons were given by the advocates of th < e court, for refuting to undertake the argument of the demurrers on the part of the defendant, Cready ? he laid, ' two of them refused generally, without assigning any reai ' on; a third, because he Should not succeed; and a fourth, because he would not fly in the face of the court. Being aiked, whether he was in Calcutta when a great refoonden - "Yol. il X x x tia

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178L

tia cause was tried in the supreme court ? he said, he was, but, did not attend that eause; but that it was considered in Calcutta as a cause of great confer quence to the commercial interest of that place. And being examined, as to what he had generally heard concerning that proceeding ? he said, he had heard it commonly Hated as a matter of complaint among the parties interested in that suit, and among merchants in general, that it was not decided by a jury, as such a case would have been in England. The witness said further, that he had often heard in public conversation, the determination of that case mentioned as an infiance of the necessity of establishing a trial by jury Being asked, if he knew whether in that case the judges examined into the local usages and customs of merchants in ' that, country, or whether they pro ceeded according to the drift rules of Westminster - hall ? he said, that he hat heard in conversations, that they formed their opinions from the drift letter the common law y ' f England; he has also heard, that the processof the court in that case, did discover some informality in the mode which had at all times prevailed in Calcutta, of drawing respondentia bonds, and which had almod proved fatal to the plaintiffs, and which tended to vitiate all respondentia bonds then exiding : and that the proceedings in that case greatly alarmed the trading inhabitants of Calcutta, and were the subject of public difcudion for a long time Being asked, whether the respondentia business was not the great support of the foreign trade from the port of Calcutta ? he said, it certainly was.

Your committee then examined Mr James Creaily; who : being asked, if there was any action brought against him in the supreme court of judicature at Calcutta ? informed your committee, that there were two; that the plaints weie laid for an assault and battery, and a breach of the King ' s peace \ and that the damages in each action werelaid at ten thousand rupees; that they weie tried without a jury; that in both actions he applied to all the advocates to argue the demurrers, which were filed to his pleas, ' in order to obtain that rk; ht, and they all. reftifed their affifiance; and that he was therefore under the Heceflity of appearing in person in the supreme court to argue the demurrer *. Being asked, what grounds the advocates alledged for their refusal of their atfifiance ? he said, one informed him, that he would not take his money, because he could not be of any feavice to him; but it appeared evident to him, that they were deterreddrom arguing that point of law by the supreme couit. Being asked, when he cla jped. p trial by. jury as his right publicly in the supreme court, what answer thd court made to his claims ? he said, they refuted it, and ordered the causes to be set down

Being asked, upon what grounds the court refused it he said, they averted a power of trying all civil causes, whether actions of trespass or for debt, by virtue, as he. under flood, of his Majesty ' s charter; and declared, they had no power to summon a jury in such cases. The witness being further sfked, whether he had or had not, in any case, declined serving upon a jury, as not residing within the limits1 ' of Calcutta" ? laid, he wasfubpeened tc serve upon a jury, to Try several natives as criminal ?, and finding himself particularly disqualified by the letter of the act of parliament, he Hated this disqualification to the chief jufliee, who, after some argument, was pleased to acknowledge that he was rignt; and thjt he was therefore released from lv > s attendance, tteing asked, whether many other of the English refidingwi thin Calcutta or its dependencies, have not endeavoured to avail themfeive9 of exemptions from forving 4 oa

L.

A. i7 « i. DEBATES, *

on juries in criminal cases ? he said, he does not know of any particular in - ifcuice; but he has heard some of the British inhabitants rather ' wish to decline serving on juries, where the life of the natives was concerned; but thiat could never apply where the life of a British subject was cpncerned.

Your committee then examined Mr. Joseph Price; who, being asked, whether the unpopularity of the court with the company servants proceeded from their opinion, that the court was feot to retrain their oppibffions ? said, he. believed not, from his foul. Being aiked, at what time the proceedings of the supreme court becatne disagreeable to the British and native inhabitants ? said, he believes in a few months after its establishment. Being aiked, whether addresses were not presented, both from the British and native inhabitants, to the judges of the supreme court, pressing their greatest satisfad&on in the institution and conduct of that court ? he said, there certainly were; that his name appears to two of them, to that of the grand jury, and to that of the free merchants. And being aiked, if they had at that tipne tried any number of causes ? he said, that he neyer went to the court, except he was summoned there, or as a juryman, save once or twice; that the first time that he was summoned as a juryman, was on the trial of Mar Rajah Nundcomar; that he and the rest of the gentlemen were pleased with the conduct of the judges in the refusal of blank fubpeenas, and many other parts of their conduct in that trial $ but \\e does not know what number of causes before that time had been tried. Being ? iked, who had applied for the blank fubpeenas ? be laid, Mr Farrer, as counsel for Nundcomar. Being aiked, whether he thinks that the introduction of the Englifti criminal law, which makes such a number of offences car pital, and which are not capital in India, or which inflicts heavier and other penalties than those inflicted by the law of their country, Would be pleasing. to the natives, or is necessary for the security of property, or the maintenance of law and good order among# the people of Bengal ? he said, that he is very sure that the inhabitants. of Calcutta and the provinces have a general aversion to the introduction of the English criminal law, and that it is pro - du&ive of many evils. jBeing aiked, whether the more opulent part of the; natives of Bengal, both Gentoos and Muffulman9, are npt a civilized people, of reasonable good understanding, general good morals, and very conversant in business ? he informed your committee, they are a very sensible, civilized people, and very7 CPnverfant n all kinds of business; but that the Maho - medans and Hindoos are prejudiced in favour of their own laws full as much as Englishmen are here. Being aiked, if men of substanCe among# thpjn were chose to serve upon juries at Calcutta, in trials between native and native, or conjointly with Engliflunen, where mixed interests were concerned, they could be capable of performing the function of jurymen, with proper instructions ? he said, they certainly could be very competent to serve as jurymen. Then being aiked, whether the great expence of process in the supreme court has not been a great cause of complaint among British subjectcs and natives ? ., he said, it had been very much corfiplained of Being aiked, if he haff often heard complaints of the want of a trial by jury in civil cause s, tried before the supreme court ? he said, he had often heard of it, and he often wished, that as there were so few European inhabitants in the settlement to supply the juries, that the custom of Bombay had been introduced at Calcutta, of haying fix Europeans and fix natives to form a jury in civil cases; tjpt he had often conversp4 with the principal banyans upon the subject,

X x x 2 and

324 PARLIAMENT AHY A. 1781,

and they seemed to think, that if their suits mu ft be tried by English law, they would be glad to have some of their own countrymen fit on the decision, which would bring it nearer to the mode of decision in their own courts - — That the most intelligent natives he ever conversed with, had not an idea of nuking a - distin&ion between law and equity. Being asked his opinion as tq the pra&icability of introducing juries in civil cases at Calcutta ? hesaid, iris utterly ijnpofiible, if the jurors are to be all Europeans; but very practicable, if the juries were to consist of half natives where a native w con - ? cerned pro or con; but all Europeans mud fit where the plaintiff and defendant are Europeans; and that such a plan would be very acceptable to both one and the other. Being asked, if the Europeans would be satisfied to have half the jury composed of natives ? he said, he thought they would Beingalked, if he thinks, that in certain cases, justice was obstructed by the ancient consti - tution of the mayor’s court at Calcutta ? he said, he remembered, that the dislike to the mayor’s court arose from the appointment of the aldermen being vested in the governor and council, but if the whole of the European inhabitants had been allowed to ballot for the aldermen, as vacancies happen, very few appeals would have been made from their decision; that he thinks the mayor’s court was competent to all the purposes of administering justice in cases of property, within the bounds of the old charter. Being a Iked, if the objection made by the inhabitants to the mayor’s court, on account of it$ members being appointed by the governor and council, was not removed by the appointment of a judicature immediately irom the crown ? he laid, that evil was removed, but a much greater was introduced. Being asked, whechei the institution of the fupieme court, and the arrival pi the judges, was not generally pleasing to the people ? he fakj ., as a mere shew, fie belie vesit was to the natives; but they were not competent to judge of it, till they experienced the effects. As to the Europeans, at first they were well pleased to have the laws of their epuntry introduced them; but when they self

' v the eonfequenpes of the unbounded power i i the judges of the supreme court, by the charter of justice, they were universally diigufted at it. Being glked, whether the judges of the fuprenae court, being appointed for the purpose of restraining the company i ’ eryants, was not the cause of this discontent ? he said, he believed not.

And that the House may be enabled to form comparative judgment of the general as well as comparative expence attending the institution of the supreme/ court of judicatuie at fort William, and the late mayor’s court a Calcutta, your committee have inserted in the report,

jin account of the expence of the mayors court at Calcutta for yearst with the average for one year,

Ji rom jfl May, 1769, 0 30th April, 1776 C. Rs. 14, 246

1770 - - 1771 - r 9 > 2$ ‘

1771 r - 177a r - 23, 493

17 1 - - 77 3 t 16, 347

177 S9 r 1774 - r 1

C. Rs. 80, 407

• ' - g

Average expence of one year C, R « * 6, 081

ft

DEBATES.

S

A. 1781 *

JU account of the expend of the supreme court of judicature at Gakutta for five years, with the average for one year.

1774 to 177c C.

77$ 77

1776. - - 1777

1777. - 1778

1778 - ? 1779

Rs.

3t 19 67 3, 9 °, 701

3 > 9b 7 5, 41, 030 5, 69, 126

C. Rs. < 2, 16, 596

Average expence of one year C. Rs. 4, 43, 3x9

Your committee hare also annexed, in the General Appendix, No. 40, an account of charges incurred since the establishment, and in the support and maintenance of the supreme court of judicature in Bengal, signed by the governor general and council, and dated the 3d of March, 1780; the total of which if} current rupees 34 > 93 > i6o. 14. 4, or about £, 349, 000,

End or thx Second Volume.

7

3d by

