THE

Parliamentary Register;

OR,

HISTORY

OF THE

PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

VOLUME III,

vt#

THE

Parliamentary Register

OR

HISTORY

OF THE

PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES

of THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS}

CONTAINING AN ACCOUNT OF

The most interesting Speeches and Motions; accurate Copies of the mo ft remarkable Letters and Papers j of the moil material Evidence, Petitions, &c « laid before and offered to the House,

avaxNO tas

First Session of the Fifteenth Parliament o v

GREAT BRITAIN.

vol. in.

LONDON:

Printed for J. Debrett, ( Successor to Mr. Almon ) opgjfits Burlington - House, PiccADflCtfn MDCCLXXEII.

contents

Of THE

r

THIRD VOLUME.

FIRST REPORT frofflllf

Committee ofSecj jfy, apr pointed to iaqj e ax p Caafes4 > f tho War in the

Debate on the

Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Poflefr fjoosia thpfe Parts I

Sccood eport froiptheCom - oittec of SecTefy, respect - ing the causes of the War in the Carnatic, &q. 84

An Account of tip Treasure Hupped on Board ( cveral of the Eafk - India Company’s ships, on Account of Sic Thomas Rumbold and Sir HedorMunro ie£

Account of Remittances received by John Stables, Thomas Raikes, and Ro -

Petition of\ the delegated Counties 147 — onMr. Wilke’s annual Motion for expunging from the Journals of the House the Resolution for his Ex puliion 140

—on Lord North’s Motion relative to the Servant’s Tax - Bill 142

- ' OB Lord North’s Proportion for allowing an additional Tax on Almanacs

> 44

— ' I oy Lord North’s v ? ot ion relative to the Affairs of the East - India Chmpany

lSl

Report of the Committee on thjt Goldsmith’s Petition

bert Mackreth, Esqrs. Agents to Sir Thomas Rumbold t ibid. Bebate on Lord Mahon s Petition from the Manilfac

ISP

ebate on Mr. Dempster’s Motion for the Hqufe to rqlblve into a committee on the St te of the Linen

mters, Dealers, and Vend - Manufadhdes - of Greax -

cn of Articles in Gold 147 Bnta+it 157

Continuation of the Debate - on

CONTENTS,

vi

on Lord North’s Bill for granting an additional Duty on Almanacs 161

Doty on fAr. Pen ton’s Motion for preventing Defer - tions in the Navy 164 Conclusion of the Debate for defraying the extraordinary expence of the Land - forces 209

Debate on Sir George Savile’s Motion for cKminishing the increased and increasing influence of the Crown 212 —on Lord North’s Motion for taking the affairs of the East - India Company into confide ration 276

—• on taking the Commissioners state of the public Accounts of the Kingdom into consideration 281 — on Mr. Ord’s motion for leave to bring in a bill to prevent delays in the payment of the Money in the Hands of the Receiver - General of the Land - tax, and for the more speedy recovery of debts due to the Crown 294

—on the second reading of the Gold Manufacture Bill, 296

— - on the second reading of the Bill to prevent Profanations of the Lord’s day,

' called Sunday 297

7 - on Mr, Burke’s important Question relative to the Seifure and Confifca - tion of private Property in t}ic island of St. Euftatius 299

Farther Debate on the Bill for the preventing Abuses and Profanations on the " Sabbath - day 34

Debate on Lord North’s re quell for more time, relactive to the granting the Charter of the East - India Company 349

— on the Bill for the better preventing of Smuggling

35

•—on the second reading of the Bill for preventing Desertion in the Navy 351

Conclusion of the Debate oil the second reading of the Bill for preventing Dersertion in the Navy 350

Debate on Lord North’s Bill for continuing the Commission of Accounts for another Year 358

— on Sir P. J. Ocrae ' s Motion Lfor taxing Placemen and Pensioners "359

— on Sir Charles Cocks’s requisition for defraying the extraordinary 6i l - r

nance - service for the cur - ;

rent Year 366

- - - on Sir T. Egerton s

Motion for giving the feme0 - Bounties on exported Cotton as was intended to be given Lineris 371

— on Mr Gilbert’s BiM for the better Relief and EmplbyirieAt of the Poor 37 2

—on Gen. Smith’s Motion, that the Report of the Committee on the Petition from the Governor and Counsel of Bengal be read

375

Debate

contents. W

Debate on Lord North ' s Mo - tion for resolving the House into a Committee, to take Into Consideration the proceedings of the General - court of the East - India Company, in respect to the renewal of their Charter 377

— on the first reading of the Foul - salt Bill 395

Farther Debate on the A f - fairs of the East - India Company 396

— on Lord Beauchamp ’ s

Bill for the repeal of the Mmiage~a& 411

~ on the Petition of the Sugar refiners 414

Debate on Col. Hartley ' s Motion for Conciliation with America 419

— on the Gold - bill 451

— on the second reading of the Bill for repealing the Marriage - ad 452

« —• on going into a Committee on the Commission of Accounts - bill 456

—on the reading of the Bill for applying to the public Service a Portion of the Supplies of the Property of the East - India Company 47 *

on Mr. Minchin’s Motion respecting the Sailor’s and Soldiers imprisoned in Spain 47S

on the Petition from the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England, for the Renewal of their Charter 4S0

— on the Petition of Mr.

Philips, who had invented a Powder for deft roving Infects prejudicial to Corn and dry Provisions, for Reward 483

— on the third reading of the Bill for repealing the Marriage - ad 484

— — on the Secretary at War ’ t Motion for the second reading of the Bill for securing to the Public a certain Participation in the Profits of the East - India Company

49 *

— on the Bill for paying into the Exchequer the Ba - 1 ance in the Hands of the public Accountants 493

—— on Mr. Fox’s Motion for his Majesty’s Ministers to take every poifible Measure for concluding a Peace with America 511

Conclusion of the Debate on Mr. Fox ' s Motion for his Majesty’s Ministers to take every possible Measure for concluding a Peace with America 569

Debate on the Terms of renewing the Bank Charter 59

Debate on the second reading of the Insolvent Debtors Bill 607

— on the Bill for preventing clandestine Marriages

608

Debate

viii

CONTENTS

Debate on "the Cocoa - nut and Chocolate Bill, relative to the obtaining false Permits

633

—1 on the second reading of

■ tile Bill for dew modelling the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal 638 ——in the Cefhmkiee of Ways and Me mf With the Mefl ' age frotfe his Majesty {hereupon 629

on Mr Fox’s Petition from the American Prifort - ers in Miil - prifort 641

- - - - - on the Marriage - sfl 641

—ron the Report of the Committee of Supply on the Report from the - Committee of the Cocoa - nut Bill 637

Debate on the third reading t > f the Marriage - bill 658 —— on the Report of the Secret - committee, appointed to inquire into the causes of the War in the Carnatic 663

The Speech of Sir Hugh Pal - lifer, as printed and hqnded ibout by himself, relative to the Acquittal of Admiral Keppel, the Substance of which was given in theDe -, bate of the th of Decern - ber hft, j. 672. Debate on the Petition of the A merican Prisonera inMill - prison 691

- — on the Amendment of the Bengal J rif &ioa - bill 700

THE

L.

THE

history

OF THE

Proceedings and Debates

Of the FIRST SESSION of the

HOUSE of C O M M O N S,

O TTHE

Fifteenth Parliament of GreaUBrilain.

Firfi REPORT from tbt COMMITTEE. / SECRECT, affcintrJ

into t/jtCaofe\ of tbt War in the CAR, and of the Condition of tbt BritjbPojfrjbmi in tboft Parts•

THE Commute of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the causes of the war that now subsists in the Ctrnatic, and of the present condition of the British possessions in those parti, a d to report the same to the House, with their cbfervations thereupon, having ( ince the day of their appoint went, employed themselves with the utmoiii diligence in perusing the records of the East - India Company, and several other papers which they had or dered to be lain before them, and in examining such witnesses as were likely to afford them information, and to throw light on the several objects of their enquiry; they will now report to the House the result of their proceedings in the following manner:

THEY will first give the House an account of the irruption of Hyder Ally into the Carnatic; of the military transitions that happened in confer quence thereof; and of the meafutes that were taken by the governor general and council of Bengal, and by Sir Edward Hughes, i < > mn > ander of his Majesty ' s ships in those seas, upon their receiving intormation of Hyder Ally ' s irruption; and of the defeat of the troops under the command of Colonels Fletcher and Baillie.

And as it is impoflille fully to judge of the conduit of the Company’s servants, as far as if may be supposed to have had any influence on thefo traofVtions, without being hr ft informed of the intelligence they received mHyder Aily ' s intentions to invade the Carnatic, your Committee will, its Vox,. 111. B the

2 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 *.

the next place, date to the House the intelligence which the Company9a fervaats appear to have received of the hostile intentions of that prince, and of Ms preparations to make war on the British pt&essions; ( and your committee will then proceed to report the conduct of the company ' s lerrauts, at far as it appears to have had any influence on these transitions, or to have been the cause of the misfortunes that have lately happened, under the following heads:

MILITARY,

POLITICAL,

REVENUE.

Although yonr committee are nor as yet prepared to give full information to the House upon all these different branches of enquiry, they have thought fit not to let the fession come to a conclusion without bringing down a report of what they have already prepared.

And your committee find, as well by the dispatches received by the court of diteaors from their fervunts in India, as by letters received by the lords of the admiralty, by his Majesty ' t principal feerctaries of flare, and by the secretary at war, from his Majesty’s officers in those parts, that the various reports which had for some time prevailed of the hostile movements and preparations made by Hydrr Ally Khan, for the declared purpose of mvnding the Carnatic, were verified by certain intelligence, received at Fort Sc George on and after the 23d of July 1780, mat part of hit cavalry had entered - the province in different places, and that one body, after destroying the vnlage of ConjSveram, had penetrated quite across the penin Tula as far as Porto Novo ( a sea - port a little to the southward of Cuddalore ) and had plundered it, and that Hyder himself soon followed with his whole army through the pass of Changama.

It appears that the alarm was now poured in from all fides, and almost every frontier of the Carnatic was at once attacked or threatened by the enemy’s horse; nor were the northern Circsrs without returnable apprehenfioes 1 of being over - run by detached parties of them.

And your committee find, that these accounts were generally accompanied by representations from the different garrisons, of the danger to which they were exposed, of falling a sacrifice to the invader, unless they had a material and speedy supply of men and flares.

And it appears, that Hyder’s power was represented as the more formidable, n t Only from the number of his own troops, which, by reports, amounted to near one hundred thousand men, but from his being joined by a considerable body of Europeans tinder Monsieur Lally, with whom he was find to confer on all occasions, and by whom he was Simulated toTuch determined enmity against the English, as to give of hit first intention of writio£ to the governor of Madras. —And it appears, that news being also then find to be brought from Mauritius, of the French superiority of force and fnecefe In Europe, and of their intention of fending To the coast a considerablu reinforcement of troops, and supply of military floret, Hyder was find to have eu - p - effect his pleafitre at these tidings, and to have repeated his determination •fc to rnin the Carnatic, and to chaftifethe English. He had tried them ul - feady, and knew them well; they had no conduit; and even now, although he had aiLmbled so great a force to enter into their country, they had not

manifested

i

v

C

A. i ? 8r. DEBATES .,. 3

aaoifefad the lei# elimmering of ability, and therefore now wet the rime lo to tgainst them *

ft was laid, lie had given particular orders that no attack should be made in the Tanjore country; but his design was either to surprize Madras, with the ftmanon of which he was well acquainted, or to assault Arcot, or to go fird to Pondicherry, and after fortifying it, to proceed to the liege of the capital of the Car atio—that he had received letters from Poonah, Which •counted him to invade the Carnatic and allured him, that the Pelhwa could on his part also prosecute the war after the rains should be over *

And your committee find, that Mr. Whitehill was now president and go mar of Fort St. George, and that Mr. Smith, Mr. Johnfoo, and Sir Hcc wrMuoro, compose ' d the fele& committee; which being afferabled on the 24thof July, and the following days, in confutation, on the intelligence lately brought to them, resolved, # 4 that, as beyond all doubt, Hyder bad ffi ily committed hostilities against the Carnatic, the mod expeditions ncsni fit jo Id be taken for assembling an army in the field, and for this pur Y&t the following troops were, by the commander in chief, recommended ts be immediately ordered to hold themselves in readiness to march at a mo ncatfi warning, " his Majesty’s 73d regiment at Poonarnakee, id battalion, ose regiment at Vellore—the troops cantoned at Pondicherry, confiding Die battalion of Europeans, and battalions of fepoys—1 3th battalion of fepoys at frichinopoly — 21ft do. of do. at Madras—grenadiers of the Euro pot battalion at do —the artillery at the Mount—at the fame timeabfent officers were directed to join their corps, draft and carriage bullocks were or ? foredto be got in readiueis, and all necessary ( lores to be prepared:

Letters were wrote to Beng d, o Bombay, to Tellicherry, to the Nabob of Arcot, to the Raja of Tanjore, to Sir Edward Hughes, nod to the office rp Coniaaodana on different fiations.

• It appears that the felefl committee, in their dispatch, dated 16th of July, is Bengal, after reminding the governor general and council of having in their Ufi letter informed them of Hyder’s approach to the frontiers, now pvc an account of his being actually in the Carnatic with a large army, and that gteas numbers of the inhabitants were fled from their habitations, and tta thereby an entire flop would be put to the tillage of the ground—that h these circumstances they moil hope for a speedy supply of money frofo Asa, or their resources would be found inadequate to the exigency; —that, if they could be allured of means to support the expence, and knew the prime situation of the government of Bengal, in regard to the Marattas, they would direct an attack on Hyder’s possessions on the Malabar coast, by sifooce sent to the detachment they had at rillicherry, and by the cooptation which they should hope for of the squadron oi his Majesty ' s ships la condnfioo, they earneftl ) enforced the necessity of all the presidenciet askiBg to pimish Hyder,

It appears us their letter to Bombay, dated 28th July, the fele& committee ws a hmiiar account of Hyder1 invaflon, ( the probable causes of which they think it were superfiuous now to Hate ) and declare themselves capable sf acting only 00 the defeofive : they express a hope that Bombay might be ia 2 foliation to difireis Hyder by attacking his possessions on their coaff, or nhad that ih$v wife ) do so when the Alanup wv should be at au end:

8 a they

4 PARLIAMENTARY A. f ) 8, ;

they suggest it to them to nfe endeavours for stirring up th Nam again Hyder, which they suppose might be easily accomplished.

It app - ars that they address themselves, on the 28th July, in like manner to the chief and council of Tellicherry, recommending to them to be on their guard agaitift Hyder’s partizans in those parts; but hoping at the same time that they may be easily able to draw off the Nairs to a offensively against him, ' '

It appears to your committee, that the nabob had been the first to give" intelligence of the irruption of Hyder’s horse. and of the raviges which they had committed; he had very firongly expressed his alarms for the safety of his country, and had hi rtfelf been a fdicitor to the presidency for the pro - teuton of his territories. —And it appears that the letter of thegovernor to him, dated the 26th of July, contained not only an application for his aflifiance in money and other supplies, hut alfp an answer to parts of his letters. The governor observes, •that Hyder’s motions for some days had unveiled Che delign he teems to have entertained for some time past against the Carnatic; that whilst there was any probability of his intentions betogfruflrated or d}rected to another object, he. the governor, chose not to put the Company or the nabob to the expence of great military preparations/ because h tvas very certain afrer the exertions they had lately made against the French, that such expence could nut be provided for, without neglecting other object ? of great importance; but that now, when hoililities were aChially commenced on the part of Hydrr, it became expedient at all ’ events to attend to tl. e fafet of the country; and he hoped that the Nabob would exert himteif for that purpose, and inform him whet money he could furoish, and e deavour to collect as great a suppty as possible of bullocks, provisions, and other neceflariea 99

Jt appears tp have been fu£j&elted, that the country of Tanjore was not over run or plundered by those who were spreading devaflarion all around it; and of this circumstance the governor nude ufc in his letter to the Raja, dated the 29 ' hofjuly, to enforce his application for aflifiance, particularly fob afuppl; of grain, and an ample co - triburion of money, to expedite the military operations, and to shew his zeal in a cause in which the welfare of his o. vn government, as well as that of the company, and of the nabob. Were so much interested.

It appears that the letter datred the 28th of July, to Sir Edward Hughes, contained a request that. he would fend the Sartine frigate to Pondicherry, to convey thither artillery, officers and rren, and some Lascars, with nts and baggage, and some field pieces, and To. iffifi in bringing off some French officers, cannon, and military stores, which Colonel Braithwaite, the commander of the froops stationed there, would wish to put on board. —And It appears that Sir Edward Hughes very readily complied with this request, and informed the Board, by letter of 30th Jqly, that as he apprehended the French would attempt to land a body of troops from Mauritius on the coast, he should proceed with the squadron to a station iff Najore and Negapataflft, that he might be in the way of intercepting them.

' It appears to your committee, that orders were sent to Col. Baithwaite,

' on the 2Ath an l 7th of July, that, after he fiiouhi have embarked on board fhc Sartine, and such other refills as he could procure, all the gunpowder,

cpnsion.

A. r78x « DEBATES. 5 *

canon, and flora, remaining in Pondicherry, he should march to Wande vaih with the troops under his command, provided he had reason to believe there would be no danger of his meeting a force much superior to his own; but if he apprehended any danger of that fort, he was to march directly to Madras, by the tnoft secure route he could rake.

And it appears that Colonel Nixon, commanding at Trichinopoly, was ordered, by letter of 26th July, to detach immediately Captain Davis ' s bat -, tsfion and two field pieces, to join Col. Braithwaite at Pondicherry.

And your committee find, that Colonel Baillie, who commanded at this time a ftroogdetachment of troops in the Guotoor Circar, was ordered, by fetters the 23th and 29th of July, to direct an attack, as he might find of pbrnraity, on Cuddapah, or some other of Hyder ' s polT ilions in rhofe parcsr with a view 41 of distreifing the enemy as much as possiblef confidently with the wceflary protection of the company’s territories; —and that, if lor the purpose of reducing the fort of Sedhout, he thou Id want heavy cannon, he vs mfirn&ed to wait till it could be sent to him from Madras—that he fendd detach assistance to Lieutenant Douglas, for the defence of the Gim - toor, if necessary or expedient, and should fend Captain Smith’s battalion to Madras, if be could ( pare it. "

And your committee find, that Lord Macleod, who commanded his Majesty s 73d regiment, was summoned to the board on the b ( h of July; and having, on his attendance there, promised to exert himself to the ntmost for The service to which he Was appointed, received orders tbfcOefct day to march from Poonffnalie to Eyecollam, near Conjeveram, as food as he should be wined by the detachment from the garrison, and the artillery from the Moant; for which purpose, orders had been made out on the 26th to Colonel James, who commanded there. L *

And your Committee find, that all these resolutions of the board were not nmimous. ’ ' "Vj

ft appears, that two members of the select committee advised, in their Biaotesof the adtb of July, that Sir hdward Hughes should be desired to ( ail to Pondicherry, with the whole fquudron, for the removal of the troops by fa, 44 if Gahmel BrJithwaite should ' think it would be attended with the faaHeti tifk to march so important a detachment by land. "

And your committee find, that these gentlemen, on the 19th and 30th of Jfdy, protested in very ftroog terms against the orders sent to Cot B itlie; fating, that the Cuddepah country was on the other fide of the p. tlfcs, far distant from Intiacooda, and that if he should proceed thither with his detachment, it would be no easy matter to recall him, ihou ’ d his l ' crvices be leqmred in the Carnatic; that he ought to be dire£L d to come with all expedition to join the army, by which it might be made sufficient, in alt probability, to drive Hydei out of the province, or at lead to prevent his taking pofidfion of any of the strong forts. And that r would not be possible to oppose him, if the troops remained in dispersed bodies, and frittered in distint garrtfons. "

And your committee find, that the president and general persisted in re commending the orders to be sent as before resolved on, alledgin / as re font, M that Colonel Baitlie might not only distress the enemy in tha < quarter, but oblige Hyder tq withdraw part of his force fromche Carnatic, and becau eit

B 3 waa

6. PARLIAMENTARY A.

doUfetful if provisiooi could be immediately procure ! 0 greater 9 bet than wore now under marching orders. "

. It appeal *, that Mefieurs Smith and Johnson would not admit the idee of their being unable to procure provisions for Colonel Baillie ’ p detachment; &nd declared, that they held the majority of the committee tjelfponhWe forth oonsequences of their resolution on this head.

And it appears to your committee, ( hat the Colonel having, by hfim dated the 47th of July, transmitted an account of the difficulties he was under to fubGibhit troops, 01 /account of Hyder’s horse to the fputhward, and the Kdlness of the Kiftna to the northward, and meetiqoed also his appnehww fions of not being able much longer to detain the bullocks necessary for sf pwch ( without which he could pot move ) the fe ! e6t committee altered tb Hr firftiuftru&ioas, and issued anew order on the 3 id of Joly, for him to wmfe towards the presidency " if he should be unable to fubiill his detachment k % the enemy ' s country, or from any other quarter, "

• And your committee ind, that Mcflieurs Smith and Johnson, on the 29th •fjuly, moved, that Sir Hector M. nro ftiowUi himself take the c m0aptl the forces in the field; a > : d that the governor, on the 30th July, entered hie minute of difll nt to the motion, " thinking it highly expedient to l ) ave tbp continuance of the general ' s advice, to enable the committee to form their plans of operations. \ud it appears, that the general at the Anne time de dared, 44 that. whenever the army should be assembled, and the committee be enabled to judge more clearly of Hyder ' s intention, he would take ibe command : in the mean time, he thought he could render more forrice by Aayhlg at Madras, and that exclusive of this coufide ation. his health mmI retry indifferent 5" it was there Gore resolved, " that Lord Macleod fiiouhji be dtfired to rake the command, and that intfru&ioos should accordingly bO prepared for b&w « ’ ;

And it appears, that the commander in chief then recommended, that the troops which were to take the Held from thence and from VeUure, should aide ruble at EytcoUam, near Conjevcsram 5 and that it was resolved accordingly by the select committee.

- But it appears that a letter received from his Lordffitp on the firil of August by the fc ! edfc committee, occasioned a change in this measure. - Be therein ofter his le iiments on the plan of operations and particularly for the junction of the several corps of which the army was to be composed. — le observs, 44 that the rendezvous ri. w intended, migh have been the pro - pereff before the inv. ifinn, bur the march of those detachments by the route proposed, would, at this critical jumSf re, render them liable to be attacked foparaiely, and either ( bo object of their junction rendered abortive, or fame part of the army receive such a check, as, in his opinion, it would be iip prudent to rife in the first outset of the war. And, deeming the corps aifcm pled at Poonam > kte v > be the basis of the strength of the Carnatic, hetthinks it ought n < * 0 ntqve from the neighbourhood of the magazines and ( loros, till joined by all the troops which could be drawn together, and enabled to - match in Jotfkicnt force to act effectually in the field a gain ( I the numerous cavalry of the enemy,

fie would not venture to fugged the manner of assembling these corps, but 1 ' would recommend tbufe xojtfs for their march, which, a knowledge of bo, - country

A. I j

DEBATES.

country would point out as letfi exposed to be harra&d by the enemy; and that the juntfion ( houhi be formed near the presidency. —He dedJPti his ©pi - ajoiiy that Colonel JBailiie’s detachment should be ordered to march to ( hi Carnatic, without delay, upon the principlet that all the force of the conn try should in such a criiis as the present, be collected in the center of it. - d He wifties alto to be joined by all the cavalry which could be procured; and concludes with declaring; that " he cannot adopt a fefponfibility in the efct ecution of phns which do not coincide with hit own judgmenti It appears that Sir Hector Munre, in consequence of this letter, delivered in a minuet, on the ill of August, in which he declared, 41 that the defence of Madron and the Jagbire, not being the great object of his plan, but as he also wished to prevent Hyder, if possible, from getting jjoflefliori of the principal forts be could not approve of Lord Macleod’s reasoning j that he dill thought thfc troops should be assembled near the proposed seene of a&ioo, and could net himself fee the difficulties of bringing the force together; that if the Committee should do him the honour to delire him 10 rifl ' d a junction, he think ! be might venture to promiie them to perform it, and especiallvas Hyder with his infantry was yet at Cali I pauk, near his own territoiies; and While he reasoned there, his cavalry could not prevent the jun&ton of their troops. And your committee find, that the president hereupon moved, that Sir Hector M trnro be desired to take the command of the army assembled in tb « fields which was refolded on; and Lord Macleod was directed to proceed next way from Poonamalee ( if the flores.. should arrive that nighj ) towarda £yecpUam, and that the general would join him on his March, in a day of

And your committee find, that the instructions proposed to be given to the general ( by which the plan of operations were left to his discretion ) contained a desire, that, 44 if the dispositions made by the enemy at any time enabled him to leave the command for a few days, he would on such occasion return to Madras, that the committee might have the benefit of his advice for future operations "

' And it appears, that Mefirs. Smith and Johnson dissented to this part of the inOructions, which authorized the general to leave the army at pteafure; and they declared their concurrence of opinion with Lord Macleod, on the pro per mode and place for effecting a junction of the troops; and expressed much alarm at the idea of a diltaot rendezvous of the army, because of the weakness and wealth of the black town, for the special defence of which they wished to have two battalions of fepoys raised, which the town had promised to pay; they recapi. ulated many points on which the pr elide nt and Sir Hector Monro had differed with them; and they aliened, that every material opinion of theirs bad, however, been necessarily adopted by the majority in the oaders requisite for Colonel fiaillie.

And it appears. That the feleA committee now on further con fide rati on, ' resolved to direct Colonel Batilie to march towards the presidency at all events, aed to take such route as might pollibly give him an opportunity of ratting off Come of the enemy’s convoys.

And it appears to your committee. That new in dr nations were now Cent to Colonel llraithwatte ( who had, by letter received the 3tft of July, represented his force to be so respectoble as, in his opinion, not to fear the impediment

& PARLIAMENTARY A.

pediment of ajpy enemy they were likely to meet with ) that he should march to Qhingl put in ltead of Wandewafli, and from thence join the army at Eye < - gpllam.

X. h ' European battalion from Vellore was ordered on the 31st of July not Jo advance to join the army at the place of general rendezvous, if any urong party of toe enemy Vas known to be in the way; but it was in such case to he detained at Velio e, till measures Could be taken to facilitate a junction.

And your committee find, Tl at the enemy was in the mean time making an almost uninterrupted progfefs in ravaging the country, and plundering and burning the villages, and taking several forts on the frontiers : accounts of alarm were conseqr. cntly very frequent, and the nabob sent daily intel - ligence of the distressed date of his dominions, and of the few troops there were to defend some of the principal garrison towns, expressing particularly Ihis fears for his capital, which he knew would be soon attacked, and which ipufl quickly fall, if it was not fbengthened with additiopal troops and for - tificati ms. He represented the fatal consequences of its loss, as he had lodged great magazines of all kinds of ( lores in it, and in the principal forts of Vellore, Gingee, Wandewafli, and Trichinopoly, and hoped that measures would be taken to preserve them; that his distresses also were great for. want of money, and that he could borrow none to pay his cavalry, which could not take the field for want of their arrears.

And your committee find, That the raja ofTanjore had early declared himlelt disposed to affilt, as far as he should have the power, in repelling the common enemy j but, that having no troops of his own. he mud depend on the company for the protection of his country, which had as yet indeed escaped the ravages or Hyder’s horse, because the rivers were impassable, but that as soon as the waters should fall, he must expect their incurfionsHe complained particularly in his letter of the 7th of August, that the nabbb had, while in pufTefiion of his country, so oppressed the people and desolated the lands, that he was now himself lb far from having money to fend so the affifiance of the company, that he could not fulfill his engagement for the depofir, and had with difficulty paid his subsidy of four lacks; —that he had great fat is faction In knowing that the company were clear gainers of two lacks annua ly in time of peace, as the whole expences of the troops ilationed for the defence of his country, amounted only to two lacks; —that he would however exert himself to proem e grain for the presidency, and had taken off all duties on exporiation, as the presidency had informed him they had done on importation, for the encouragement of the country people to carry down their grain to the vessels, which he dtfired might be lent for it.

And your committee find, That the raja, in a letter dated 27th of July and Major Maelellan ( who commanded the company ' s troops at Tanjore ) m a lett t\dated the 26th, represented the necessity of repairs to the fortifications, and or reinforcements to the troops for defence of the country, and 6f arrillerv men to work the guns in the fort, there being none at present there but a few invalids.

Your comm ttee, in forming the recital hitherto given, have been under the necessity of examining a variety of letters, and other documents, which they did not think it incumbent upon them to ( late to the House more minutely than they have done; but those which appeared moil material are

4 colletfed

A 1781. DEBATES. $ -

collr&ed together, and, for the information of the Hotife, fu jolned in the Appendix No. 1. from the perusal of which a more minute knowledge can be acquired of the particulars of alarm and inability to relict the enemy, at exprefed in letters from various forts or Nations in the Carnatic, and in the Circars. From such an examination it will likewise appear, that scarce any place from one end of the coast to the other was without alarm, and very acknowledged to be in a sufficient condition of defence. And your committee dchre in this place to observe, that the vouchers of the narrative of the report subsequent to this reference, will be found in the Appendix No. 2. and {o in the course of the report.

Bot it appears to your committee, That the irruption of the enemy did not appear formidable only to the nabob, and to those mod immediately ex - poled to attack; and that complaints of the neglect of preparations, and of the deficient means for refinance, were not expressed from those quarters only.

Tour committee find, That one of the members of council, Mr. Sadlier, delivered in a minute on the 29th July, relative to the present state of affairs; ' in which he declares, That they had been long approaching to that unhippy state at which they were now arrived; and that private niifmanagement, and not public calamity had brought them to the brink of destruction; that Hyder Ally had long treated them with neglect and insult; that he had for £ > rae months pall been assembling a large army on the frontiers, while his vakeel was allowed to remain at Madras, to give him daily intelligence of the effect his motions had upon this government, which remained inactive, and had neither resolution to question him about the cause of his intentions, or to provide against the danger—That they had suffered their troops to remain fcartered in different parts of the country, without ( lores or guns; their gyrifons were not put in a date of defence; no pains were taken to reple - niih an empty treasury, and that their want of exertion bow was equal to theiT neglect of timely precaution.

That Hyder, now in the heart of the Carnatic with so great a force, might cut off their final ) detachments before they could form a junction; that the principal garrisons, neglected and wanting all necessarie ' s, would easily fall. — A number of small forts, Wandewafh, Carangolly, Arne£, Were left de - fenceless, or garrisoned by a few companies of nabob\ fepoys, who had not been paid for eighteen months, and might be glad to change their matter; —that Arcot, and all the Tlores hoarded there, perhaps had fallen; — Vellore could not spare a man from its own defence to strengthen it—The three battalions of Pondicherry, without guns, might be easily cut off by a part of Hyder’s army—In short, that the whole country, from the Colerooh in the southward to the country of Nellore to the northward, excepting Tri - chinopoly, Vellore, and perhaps Amboor, might be in Hyder ' s possession in a month, and dven those garrisons would then beftarved into capitulation; that by the means of Porto fJovo he had gained a communication with the iftxndf.

Thar, u Till Conjeveram was plundered, the news of which arrived on the 2£cf, not one of those who afomed to themselves the entire management of the company’s affairs, would believe that there either was an enemy in Vox ., lit C the

I®

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.,

the country or that it vgas likely to be invaded; " yet, in eight days the country was over - run—That moreover the capital itself was in danger, and Up eff « 6lual means had been yet taken for its l ' afety.

That the treasury was empty—The nabob had declared he had no money; the rajah of Tanjore had made the fame declaration—The Mafulipatam di - drifts were so far from being able to furnish supplies, that the arrears of tribute now amounted to 17 lacks of pagodas—That Sitreram Rause, the mod wealthy zemindar under the company, had not paid his kids, and indead of being pressed to pay them, a remillion ot tribute had been voted to him. Bail Killna was in arrear, nor was it believed that he would ever bp induced to make good his engagements.

v That the nabob’s revenue had been diminishing annually, though his expences had not been adequate to his revenue; —the other revenues of the pj - efidency had been also diminishing, their specie had been transported to China and to Europe at the rate, of ten and fifteen lacks annually; —that h dill however thought there remained resources, if there was exertion to draw them forth. —Hq then dates the confusion width followed the news of the ifruption, and the danger in which the Black Town had been, of being pillaged, and that to which the nabob rind his treasures were exposed, while no

ifnmediate deps, proper for assembling the army, were taken - Colonel

Braithwaite’s corps ought to Have been brought by sea; Colonel Baillie should have been oidered to march to the prclidency; the commander in chief should immediately have been at the head of the army on its fird forming.

He then reprobates thediforder differed to prevail in the Black Town and the fort; —dreads the consequence of differing the army ( till to remain in separate bodies, each thereby easily to be cut off; —inveighs against the idea of forming it. in a country already plundered by the enemy. —And ladly, after recapitulating his observations, he concludes with an advice, that the nabob and his effects should be received into the fort, and his cavalry should be paid, that they might be brought to act as soon as possible.

'. Itappears, that. Mr, Johnson, remarking a passage in the minute of Mr. Sadlier, where he fays, 44 That till Conjeveram was plundered, the news of Which arrived on the 23d, not one of those who assumed to themselves the entire management of the company’s affairs, would believe that there either was an enemy in the country, or that it was likely to be invaded deli red to reminclthe committee, that he had delivered in a minute on the 19th of June an < Mr. Smith the 19th of July, wherein they had given their fen - timentson the approaching danger.

And your committee find, That the president and the general did not delay an. answer to Mr. Sadlier’s observations : which they terra " illiberal reflections on the conduct and measures of government and the whole an inflammatory declamation, " which they attribute to his grief at not being of the committee, or to a panic with which he had been flncken, or to the extravagance of a warm imagination.

They infill, that the real situation of affairs was happily not so alarming as Mr. Sadlier had represented it to be; and that it was particularly wrong in any member of administration, to picture the exertions made on a sudden incursion of an enemy, as proofs of the country being ruined : 44 that if, as Jtir. Sadlier aliened, the committee were inattentive to the steps which Hyder 1 bad

t

II

A. 1781. DEBATES.

had for ( bmc time past been taking with respe < 5l to the Carhatic, they ntoit un questionably would feel themselves worthy of the moil severe displeasure of their employers. But if Mr. Sadlier had been in a fituarion to have known what the committee had done, he would have known that they have been by no means inattentive; that they had represenred, both to the company and to Bengal, the extent of Hyder’s views, and hadcircumdamially informed the latter of every step he had taken, previous to his attack upon the Carnatic. That the committee, who were alone the proper judges, did not think it expedient, in the then situation of affairs, either to demand a categorical answer from him, or to fend away his vakeel. That Hyder, from the moment their troops marched again ( I Mahe, threatened in return an invasion of the Carnatic; that his inclination was little to be doubted, but the season of the year was allowed to pass away when he could moil effectually have injured the nabob; the grain was go < m, the monsoon approaching, which would necessarily retard every Operation in the fiJd. 44 Under those circumstances, therefore, and under the certainty that his main army and artillery had not yet got through the gaurs, and that he himself, so far from being in the heart of the Carnatic, was fall in the neighbourhood of the pafles : under all these circumstance ?, the committee deemed themselves vigilant in the trufl reposed in them, when they refoived to assemble an army as l ' peedily as possible, when they took measures for obtaining the co - operation of the presidency of Bengal, when they got the nabob to collect additional provisions in his different garrisons; and in short, when in the lad resort, they came to the determination of exerting every £new towards the punishment of a wanton, unprovoked infringement of the peace of 1769. *

They then accused Mr. Sadlierof sowing disaffection, by threatening not to confine his sentiments to the board at which he ( its, but to communicate them to the community at large, that they may know their danger.

They defend the plan and place recommended by the commander in chief, for assembiing the different detachments to conipole the army, as the nabob had afleited, that ? sufficient quantity of provisions could not be collected for the troops nearer than Wandcwafti; and that the centrical lltuation of that place would be found convenient for receiving supply, and for giving protection to the company’s and his own possessions; that however the event would shew, whether they or Mr. Sadlier was right. They express particular re - fentment at Mr. Sadlier, for having presumed to say, that the committee acted by an usurped authority; they consider this as an attempt at the fub - verlionof a power, fixed by the most explicit orders of the company, and an unpardonable trranfgrelfion : that therefore, 44 as the commands of the company were clear and deciflve with respect to the line which in case of necessity the president and council, as well as the committee, were authorised to take, and as that necessity now existed in its most alarming form, the president moves, and the general seconds, that Mr. Sadlier be suspended, &c.

It appears that this motion was carried; but that Mr. Johnson and Mr. Smith ffroogly expressed their dissent; and that the former delired to make a public avowal of the fame sentiments which were contained in the minute of Mr. Sadlier.

And yoor committee find, that they afterwards, on thfc 8th of September, entered their minutes; in which they declare, that the repre fen cation made

C 2 by

I PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

by Mr Sadlier agreed in Qiany particulars with their own sentiments; that they had before so expressed them, and had reason to complarn of the inattention of the committee to them; that they had, particularly on the 19th of June and 19th of July, desired that preparations for war might be made without delay, on receiving various informations of Hyder Ally’s boftile intentions.

They protell against the violence of the measure of the suspension, and fear that the terror of that example was calculated to over - awe the members of administration from a free declaration of their sentiments; they proreft a -

fainst it as unjust, because no specific charge was brought, nor was Mr.

adlier heard in his defence; and as irregular, because contrary to the sixth paragraph of the company’s letter, dated the 10th of April 1778, which, vests the power of suspension in the committee; and that the preliJcnt and general had before expressly declared it to be entirely in them ( the committee. ) —They intimate a suspicion, that private resentment against Mr. Sadlier, mo. e than public utility, might have caused the severity exercised against him.

That Mr. Sadlier’s ideas of the danger of the Nabob was not without foundation; the attack made by a party of horse, which had penetrated as far as Triplicane, the place of his residence, without meeting with any relict - ance, had evinced the propriety of Mr. Sadlier’s reflexions. —They conclude with observing, that Mr. Sadlier was suspended for a minute containing advice, which was afterwards, in several instances, obliged to bp followed.

And it appear ;, that Mr. Sadlier afterwards, in two letters dated 13th September and 9th October, appealed to the felex qdmmittee, and pressed them to refeind the resolution which they had made for his suspension; and that he also addressed a letter on the 16th of October, to the president and council, on the fame subjcX.

• And it further appears, that in a letter dated 16th November 1780, to the president and felex committee, he complains of the inattention shewn to his petitions, and particularly to his letters to the governor general and council, and to the court of direXora; which, he observts, had remained before the Board from the 17th until the 26th of October, and that " then, and not till then, he had received a letter from Sir HeXor Munro; " which your committee find to contain a challenge from Sir HeXor to Mr. Sadlier, " for what he had said maliciously and falsly of him in his letters. "

Your committee have thought proper to put these papers, together with Mr. Sadlier’s answer to Sir HeXor Munro, into the Appendix, and to fub - mit the whole to the observation of the House.

And your committee find, That by a resolution. of the felex committee, on the 2d of August 1780, a plan was then formed for a secret expedition, with a view of intercepting the convoys of provisions or ( lores which might be coming through the pafles for the use of Hyder ' s army; and that Captain Colby was appointed to command a strong detachment, drawn for that purpose from the troops stationed at Trichinopoly and at Tanjore, to be joined by two regiments of the nabob’s cavalry, if they should arrive in time from the Tinevilly country; and it appears that they joined him c Trichinopoly on the 27th of August,

But

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

3

Bat your committee find. That this deGgn, the only offirofiveone tinder taken at this time, was not attended with success; that many circumstances occafiaped great delay in the outlet; that good intelligence could not after wards he procured by Captain Colby; bat that on the contrary, continual information was lent to Hyder of all his motions, by the inhabitants of the country, whom he had contrived to attach to his interests - —That the ways were io much in felled with parties of the enemy’s horse, and Captain Colby found himself so continually betrayed by the killedars, and other servants of the nabob, especially on an enterprize he attempted for retaking Chittaput, that he at iaft, after various and fatiguing marches, was obliged to relinquish all other pursuits, than that of seeking to join the army in which also, for want of information, he was disappointed, until he accidentally met with it 00 its retreat at Chioglepur, oq the 12th of September.

And your committee find, that after the irruption of Hyder into the Car natic, various orders were sent by the fried board, to different parts of that province and the northern Circars, to strengthen the several polls, and to fezd alii fiance mutually from one place to another, as it might be necelfiuy and pofiihle.

And it appears, by a letter from Chingleput, dated 5th of August 1780, that Lieutenant Mackay, the commandant, observing that no stepa had been taken to secure the grain of the different villages from being carried away or burnt, and that the nabpb ’ - s managers would do nothing of themselvrs, pro poled, for the good, of the service, to send out for as much as he could get, to prevent it from falliuginto the hands of the enemy. —And it appears, that the feleri committee, in their answer of the 8; h August, exureflfd rheir approbation of his conduit, and directed him to secure as much grain, and collect as great a number cf cattle, as he could.

And it appears, That advance of pay was agreed to be made to three regiments of the nabob’s cavalry, and that they were ordered into immediate fcnrice.

And your committee find, That on the 3d of August, advice was sent from the fried committee to Mafulipatam, Vizagapatam, and Ganjam, of Hyder’s invasion; and that infirudions were given to them to be on their guard, and to draw their troops together as much as possible, that they might be able to ad in a body, in case of attack; which was, however, not much to be apprehended. And it appears, that particular application was then made to the chief and council of Mafulipatam, that they would remit as much money as they could collect, it being greatly wanted to anf. ver the expences of the war.

And your committee find, That an artack m; de by Hytier’s horse on the loth of August, upon Triplicane and the gardens about bt. Thomas ’ *. Mount, occasioned a motion to be made in the committee on the 1 ith, that redoubts should be thrown up around Choultry pla n, for the purpose of keeping oft the enemy’s horse, and preventing a sudden incurfi > n upon the Black Town. But it appears, that General Munro disapproving of this measure, as expensive, laborious, and inadequate, recommended it rather to embody a militia of horse and foot, and to compleat two battalions of fepoys, for the special purpose of that defence : and when it was alterward *, on : 6th August, represented, that many of the inhabitants of the Black Town deferred

the

14 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

the place from apprehension of danger, the president assured the committee on the 17th, that a number of guns had been mounted on the wall; that the ditch was in some parts1 cleared and the works were going on; that about 6op fepoys, who had been enlisted, were perfecting themselves in their discipline; and that nothing had been omitted for the defence of the place, and the safety of the inhabitants.

And your committee find. That a letter of thanks was addressed to Sir Edward Hughes, by thefeleft committee, on the 6th of August, for theservices which it appears he had rendered to Colonel Braithvvaite by means of the fqnadron; and they at the fame requeued him to prolong his cruize to the southward as much as ' possible, in order to prevent any disembarkation of the French troops on the coast.

And your committee find. That daily tidings were sent to the presideocy, of the progreft which Hyder was making in devaluation and conquest; and it appears, that fear, as well as good information, suggested various accounts of his dcligns; and it was from some of his movements conceived, that after taking Trinomalee, Pollour, Chirtaput, and other places, he designed an attempt upon Gingee, where the nabob’s krlledar would not at first allow the European officer, who arrived there on the 8 h of August with a reinforcement, to take any steps for the defence of the place, as he had received no orders for that purpose from his mailer.

It was, however, loon made manifest, that Arcot was Hyder’s first great object; and it appears that he fat down before it on the 21st of August, it having previously received a reinforcement to its garrison from Vellore on the 8th.

And your committee observe, That it had been refblved, that General Munro should take the field, at the head of the army to be assembled near Conjeveram, and that orders had been accordingly sent to the officers commanding several detachments, to repair thither, in order unite their corps.

But it appears, That the general informed the 1 elect committee on the 14th of August, that this plan was prevented from being put in execution, by the want oi bullocks to carry sufficient provision for the troops; and that the reason assigned at the Durbar for that deficiency was that the country people had driven them to the Pollams, for fear of the enemy’s horse; and he therefore advised, that the rendezvous should be row made at the Mount, where the troops should remain till eight days provision could be collected and bullocks to carry it, when they should immediately proceed cn their march. — And it appears that this was agreed to by the committee; and a letter was sent the fame day to the nabob, to represent these difficulties to him, to re - quest the exertions of his interference, that a sufficient number of bullocks might be procured, and provisions of grain and cattle furnished, and that he would fend a person o conference to accompany the army, in order to fc - ture a constant and regular supply.

And yourcommittee find, that the nabob in his answerof the 29th August, reminded the committee of the stores of all kinds which he had laid up in several of his forts; and, entreating them to ordvr the army to march immediately for the relief of Arcot, assured them, that the troops would be there plentifully supplied with every necessary. —And it appears, that in consequence. of the new rdolution, to rendezvous the army at the Mount, orders were

A. 1781, DEBATES, ig

sent tp Conjeveram, that in case the European detachment from Vellore should have already reached that place, it should immediately leave it, and march to the Mount. —It appears, however, that a letter was wrote on the lame day to Colonel Lang at Vellore, intruding him, that, as he had Cent so. large a detachment to Arcot, he should keep the European battalion at Vellore till further orders.

And it appears, that Colonel Lang had wrote on the lath to the fele& committee, to acquaint them, that he had not sent these troops to Conjeveram, ud hoped they would approve of his detaining them, as he should otherwise. have had not above two hundred fepoys for the defence of that fort; and that moreover a strong body of the enemy’s horse was encamped in the way, lb that it would have been dangerous to attempt the march.

And your committee find, That Colonel Braithwaite had reached Chingle - puton the 18th August with his corps, when he received instructions to join, the rest of the army at the Mount. —It appears, that he had transinitred accounts on the 10th, to the presidency, of his having evacuated Pondicherry; and that he had previously sent off all the French officers capable of service, and had taken an attestation of fidelity from other French gentlemen who were to be left there.

It appears. That Colonel Braithwaite had passed through Carongolly on the nth of August, and observed, with great concern, the defenceless state in which a place of that importance was left, garrisoned only by twenty nabob fepoys, under an havildar, who objected to receive ammunition from him without orders from his matter; and having compleated his whole march without seeing an enemy, when there was so favourable an opportunity of attacking him to advantage, he was led to consider this circumstance as a ttrong proof, that Hyder was not to be seriously apprehended 5 " and that if at all faced and puttied, he would retire out of the Carnatic as fatt as he came into it"

And your committee find, by letters dated the 20th, 21ft nd 22d August, fromChinglepJt, that provisions were extremely ffcarce there, and that Colonel Braithwaite found himself in the mo ft ' pressing necessity for a supply; which situation was rendered the more distressing, because the nabob renter would not aifift him, and indeed had received no orders to do it.

And your committee find, That Colonel BaiHie, by letters dated the 5th, totb, 13th and 16th August, and ift September, informed the select commit -. tee, that in obedience to their last instructions, which had been sent to him; hewison his march towards Conjeveram—That. he had met with many impediments from the rivefs he was obliged to pass, but professed his eagernefil to bring up his corps to the place of junffion as soon as possible *

And your committee find, that the general, now about to quit the committee for the camps, delivered in a minute on the 21ft Augustr before hi departure; in which he declared the necessity he found himself under, of defiling that Mr. Davidson might be appointed an acting member of the feleCfc committee in his absence, in order that " his reputation as an officer, and as a man, might have a fair chance given to them whenever any responsibility ftvould fall to his share, for that he had little expectation of having any of hi plans adopted, or a fair construction put upon his actions, by MefiVs. Smith and Jbhnfon, who were determined to oppose every measure originating from,

or

ifi PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

or approved of by, the president and him : that therefore, being resolved not to be answerable for the actions of others, which might affect him in points as an officer, and in hopes of carrying the plan approved by the president and him into execution, without dispute or dffieniiou to retard it, he moved accordingly, that Mr. Davidson should be appointed of the select committee. "

And it appears, that the president seconded the motion upon the fame grounds; and added, 44 That though no man had a greater repugnance to acting contrary to the commands ' of hisfupcriors than he had, yet he thought there was, in the reasons assigned by the general, an expediency for a temporary infringement of the company borders, " and therefore he further recommended, " That Mr. Davidson ( hotild be sworn in before Sir He&orMunro’s departure and at the same time he desired " to thank the general for the liberal and cooflitutional support he had given him since he had beeu pre - fident. "

And it appears, that Meffr9. Smith and Johnson immediately dissented; infixing, that such appointment was expressly contrary to the orders contained in the letter from the court of directors, of the ' 10th April 1778. And it appears, that they afterwards, on the 3d of September, delivered in a minute on this subject; and also, that on the 6th of that mouth, they desired to refer the matter ro thcdccition of the governor general and council; but that proposal appears to have been rejected.

And your committee find, that Mr. Davidson was, by the president’s caf - ting vote, appointed and sworn in on the 21st of August.

Andycrtr committee find, thaten the 22dof August the president proposed certain inliructions for the general when he should take the field; and that on the 2. }. th, Merits. Smith and Johnson recommendedothefs, which they had prepared, and which, with some exception, were agreed to by the committee; and from rhrm it appears, that no particular plan was enjoined him, because of the - confidcoce reposed in his military Skill and experience; which he was desired to exert to the utmost on the present occasion, and to attack the enemy ohthefirft favourable opportunity.

And your committee find, that a second letter had been written to Bengal, giving an account of Hyder’s progress, and attributing the delay of bringing an army ipto the field tooppose him, to the distant stations in which the troops were divided when he made his irruption into the province, and also to the want of money; in which article they solicited an ample and immediate assis - tdnee.

And your committee find, that it had been proposed, that the fieled committee should take into consideration a letter from thence, of 12th June, relative to the gu n too rci rear and the suspension of Mr. Holland; who hating been sent from Fort St. George to be resident at Hyderabad, had incurred the dif - pleasure of the governor and council, and they had suspended him from the company’s service; of all which, however, a more ample. account will be given in another report; and it is therefore judged sufficient in this place, to observe, that the presidency of Bengal had thereupon appointed him to be their resident at the Nyfam’s court, with particular instructions to satisfy that prince on account of the Guntoor Circar, and to promise a relinquUhroent of the grant of it from Baxilet Jung. It was proposed, on the ad and 7th of Aogufit by Meflh Smith and Johnson, ' that the feted committee should take

off

A. 1781. DEBATES, 17

off the fafpension from Mr. Holland, and, In obedience to the requisition made by the governor general and council, withdraw the troops from the Guntoor, sod rest ore it to Bazaler Jung.

And your committee find, that this motion was opposed on the 7th, by the president and the general; and that the latter expressed an apprehension, that ( he court of directors might not approve such a measure; and that it was therefore necessary to acquaint the governor general and council, that as they bad given their sanction to the means of acquiring the Circar, they tnuii be an firerable for the consequences if they should now insist upon its being given up *

The letter, however, for this purpose, having been long delayed, it appears that Mefirs. Smith and Johnson moved on 22d August, that the Circar in quell ion should be given up, as it was highly necessary at this juncture to ie - cure the alliance of the foubah, without delay.

And your committee find, that it was hereupon resolved to acquaint the governor general and council, that the prelidency of Fort St. George was willing, not with ( landing many objections; to make the Sacrifice on account of the present posture of affairs; bat that the Circar having been let at rent to the cabob, it was necessary to prevail upon him to give up his lease, and that they pmmifedto make application to him for his consent.

And it appears, that a letter was accordingly wrote him on the ad of September, to desire his concurrence in that measur.

Acd it further appear ?, That the letter to the governor general and council, drawn up in consequence of the resolution recited above, is all ' o dated the 2d September; and that it was laid before the fele& committee on the 6th, when Messrs. Smith and Johnson expressed their disapprobation of it, as inconsistent with the sentiments which they had already expressed on the subject of it.

But your con. mittee find, That the nabob, in a letter dated the 17th August, and laid before the board the 7th September, informed the governor or the danger in which that district was of falling into Hyder’s hands, as there were to troops nor fortifications in condition to oppose his numerous cavalry; and as moreover the zemindars were dif < fFe£kd to the company, and had lent vakeels to him.

And your committee find, by letters from Vifagipatam, 5 th August, that a new alarm had beenspread through the other Circars also. by a very large body of horse, which appeared, and encamped in the country of Cuttack, adjoining on the north to the Cicacole Circar, and that these troops were commanded by a son of the llaja of Herar, but luppoled to be under the controul, and in the pay, of the court of Poonah, and consequently inimical to the company.

A. d it appears, That the dread of their designs was so much the more readable, as the accounts of the weak state of the Circars left little hope of successful resistance against any considerable attack.

And your committee find. That the apprehensions of the prelidency wa it the same time awakened for another part of their possessions in a different quarter; for news reached the select committee, on the 21ft August, that the Swdar of Calicut had led a considerable body of Hyder’s forces to join the Nairs; and that having together driven the company’s troops out of theilland Yol. Hi. D of

C

i8 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

of Du ram pat n am, they threatened Tellicherry, and the red of the British possessions on that part of the Malabar coast.

And your committee find, that Hyder’s horse and fepoys had also appeared about Madura; and that in the Tinevelly country the roly gars required assurances of being encouraged and protected by the company and the nabob, before they would be induced to draw any force together to refill the invaders. And the commandant at Palamcotta suggested, that it would be expedient for him to be empowered to pledge the faith of the company to them, as they were a formidable body, could they be depended upon; and he poioted out the necessity of his having all the troops put under his orders, because the nabob’s manager had intended to appoint the brother of one of Hyder’s havil - dars to be commander of the nabob’s polygarsand troops.

And your committee find, That Sir Edward Hughes, in a letter dated the 28th of August 1780, informed the president and select committee, that from the intelligence he had lately received, he thought there could be no doubt that the Trench would soon receive a reinforcement of ships and troops at the Mauritius, and that they meant to act offensively against some of the company’s settlements in that country, either jointly with some of the country powers, or separately by themselves

And your committee find, that these distreffes, brought from without, were heightened by the intestine michiefof a mutinous spirit in the nabob’s fepoys, even within the important fortress of Vellour, and by the general complaint of their want of pay and the consequent danger of their desertion.

• And your committee find, that the nabob also, at this crisis, sent his answer to the governor’s letter of the 26th of July; and in it drew a melancholy picture of his situation, from his poverty and thedefolation of his ebuntry; the first he attributed to his being ( tripped of the Tanjore country, which had obliged him to contract a great debt, and ro borrow of individuals; the other he declared to be only the confirmation of his apprehensions, which he had Cxprefl ’ ed often, both to the present and late governor; and eameftly entreated them to be prepared against the certain intentions of hostility, which Hyder had long maniiefted. He rejoiced, however, in knowing that now at lead an army was in the field, to stop the progress of, and to punish the unprovoked invader of his dominions. He hoped, that in compassion for his dif - frefles, and out of consideration for the oldest and most faithful of the company’s allies in Hiudoftan, his friends would raise the money necessary for the expences of war which he, on the return of peace, would refund.

And your committee find, That such was the situation of affairs when letters from Sir Hector Mtinro of the 5th and 9th of September, informed the select committee, that Hyder had raised the siege of Arcot, and was encamped within two miles of him near Conjeveram. He added, that he meant to attack Hyder as soon as he could join Colonel Bailiic, who had at last been able, on the 3d ot September, to cross the rivers, which had so long obstructed his prog refs; bur that to effect a jundlion, he must detach a lirong body of the troops to ( l engthen the Colonel on his march, while he himself should remain where he was, to watch the enemy and guard his provisions, the want of which he foresaw would soon end the campaign. He complained of the nabob for not fending a proper person with the army, to secure a constant sup -

a. 1781. debates 19

ply; aodhewished also to have a reinforcement of 200 Europeans from hfcdras, as there was now no danger of « n attack on that place.

And your committee find, by a letter from the commandant of Chinglepuf, ibted the nth September, and by another from Sir Hector Munro, dated 11th September, that the news of the defeat of Colonel Baillie, and of the general ' s falling back to Chingleput, and of his intended retreat to the Mountr or by the way of Sadras, as he might find it expedient from the motions of the aemy, or with a view to be supplied with provisions, followed very soon.

Your committee judge it proper, in this place, to direct the attention of the House to the accounts given of these unfortunate events, by those who were most competent to relate them, and to offer their sentiments upon them; and they therefore here insert at large, the Journal of the proceedings of the army from the 25th of August to the i$th September, delivered in by the geaenu to the feleS committee on the 2ill September *

E tr 8 of a Letter from General Sir Hetior Munro to the SeleH

dated lift September 1780.

After having, with the greateift difficulty, got as much rice as would serve the troops for eight days, I was obliged to order the fepoys to carry four days rice each; and with the utmost difficulty got bullocks sufficient to carry the remainder. Hyder Ally having besieged Arcot, and the relief of that

place being considered of the greatest consequence, as the nabob’s capital, and a place in which there was a great quantity of military ( lores, 4s well as provisions, I was willing to move, as quick as p ffible, towards Conjeveram, isugioing that an army advancing towards Arcot might be the means of raU sing the siege; which, in fad happened. Lieutenant Colonel Baillie, with 1 large detachment from the northward, was advanced so far, that I had con cerred measures lo that he would arrive at Conjeveram the day after we got time.

The 25th of August I went to Sr. Thomas’s Mount, where the army was encamped. Captain Campbell’s regiment belonging ' to his Highness the nabob, was with the troops, but refuted serving any longer, unless they received all their arrears of pay; which the ameer, who was there in perioo, not consenting to, their arms and horses were taken from them; about 56of them, including 17 black officers, offered to serve, and Lieutenant James Campbell took the command of them; Lieutenant Young with 53 European troopers dismounted, got some of the worst horses to mount them. These were all the cavalry I had; the dismounted troopers of Captain Campbell ' s regiment were marched prisoners to Madras, and I have been informed, tint the ameer entitled them all into his own body guard the next morning.

The 26th August the army, confining of his Majesty’s 73d regiment, the id battalion of the id regiment, the grenadier company of the 2d battalion id regiment, ' with 5 battalions of iepoys, and a company of marksmen, the two troops of cavalry, with a large train of artillery, amounting in all to 5209 sen, including officers, ( as the corps were not compleat ) marched from the MounttoPodepire, 11 miles—27th to Tripamadore, 8 miles—a8th to Mootai sticks Choultry, 8 miles—29th to camp near Conjeveram, n miles.

During these four days nothing very particular happened; the enemy’s boric followed us in great numbers, and wounded and took a few men. The

D 2 night

, v

20

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 :.

night we were at Tri pain ad ore the weather changed, and rained rood violently; this fort of weather continued till our arrival at Conjeveram, by which the roads became very bad, and the country was all under water. I was now obliged to deliver to the troops the four days rice that I had brought with me. the nabob had lent a person from the Durbar, who I understood was to attend and assist me till I met with Nifiph Cawn at Arcot; 1 sent for him, and told him he muff immediately get provisions for the army, and Lieutenant Colonel Bailiie’s detachment, that I expected the next day; and Ialfodtfired he would uie hi ? utmost endeavours to get intelligence of the enemy’s morions. His answer was, that he was ordered by the nabob to attend roe, but had no power given him to procure me either provisions or intelligence. I had now no hopes of provisions but from the paddy that might be found in and about Conjeveram, which I ordered thecutwall to collect, and gave him guards of fepoys to alM him in bi inging it to the Pagoda.

30th. The army remained on the fame ground, expccting Lieutenant Colonel Bailiie’s detachment, which was to have joined this day. —The rains Hill continued with great violence.

31ft. We were this d .; y informed by two dcfcrters, that Hyder had l. - ft Arcot, and was eroding all his army over the I ’ ariar, and marching towards us. His cavalry were in large bodies all round us. The rains still continued both night and day. 1 received accounts from Lieutenant Colonel B. illie, that his detachment was flopped about five miles north of Trepaffore, by a small river, that was lb deep that he could not pals it.

Having information that Hyder had got pofftffion of a mud fort at Muffs ! pauk, about fix milts in our tiont on the left, where he had fume borle and infantry, and some rocket bays near it, a detachment of two battalions of fepoys, the company of ma. kimen, and a grenadier company, with sealing ladders, marched at ( even this evening to surprize them, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Harper; but the man who undertook tollieiv the road, miffed his v/ay in the night, and after marching all night, the detachment returned in the morning, without having eff. Cled any thing.

Sept. i. The ground was to covered with water, that I was obliged to change my camp nearer to Conjeveram.

2 < sand 3d. We remained on the fame ground, bur the rains still continued moll violently. This day I ieceived a note from Captain l ' rendargaft, that Hyder quitted his ground before Arcot on the 29‘h August. — The enemy were encamped at Ball Chitty’s Choultry, about five miles in our front. —I wps obliged to give paddy to the battalion, to beat it out into rice themselves, a the q -. amity beat out by the followers of the army, was not sufficient top mote than one day’s consumption for all the troops.

Sept. 4. This evening it rained extremely hard. —Lieutenant Croker, with the 17th battalion, marched and attacked an advanced poll of theenem/ in a tope in our front; he returned to camp in the morning, having IciHed several of the enemy, and brought back two horse *.

5th. The troops remained in the fame encampment. I received a note from Lieutenant Colonel Bridie, informing me that he had eroded the river the 3d. —The tains still continued very violent.

6th. The enemy moved their camp this day to the North East. —AVe struck our tents, and marched to u high ground, about two miles oa the road

t *

21

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

toTrepaflbre, where we encamped. — - The enemy’s camp was about two milet to our left. —They had Cent forward a very large detachment, which attacked Lieutenant Colonel Baillitat Peerambaucum, who repulled than. — - it rained mod violently this day.

7th and 8rh. I received a note from Lieutenant Colonel Baillie, informing Be, that on a review after the action with Hyder’s detachment, he found it w « not in his power to join me, but hoped to fee me ar Peerambaucum. —I feuod myself now in a very critical situation. —The only Wipe of provisions were from the paddy 1 had collected in the Pagoda. —The e. cmy was en - - ctmped within two miles of me. —Had I marched with my whole force, he ' nod certainly would have possessed himselfof my ground, and of Conjeveram, sod thereby cut me off of all my provisions. —In this case we mutt have been fiaived; I therefore, with the concurrence of the principal officers « t the army with me, resolved to fend a firong detachment to Lieutenant C -. dmiel Billie, who was still at Peerambaucum, f 4 m - les from me, on the Trepalloro road, and to remain with the rest of the troops to watch the enemy’s morions. At nine o ’ clock at nighr. Lieutenant Colonel Fletcher marched with the grenadier and light infantry companies of the 73d regiment, two companies ot European grenadiers, one company of fepoy maifknrn ard ten com pa - 1 Bits of lepoy grenadier ?. It was my intention that this detachment should bare taken with them four fix pounders; but Lieutenant Colonel Fletcher Qb - frrrei, that he should be better able to croft tha country without artillery. — The men left their knapfuks, and I sent with them two d iys rice, ammunition on nine esmeh, and biscuit and arrack in pots, on coolies heads. —I fettered myself so strong a detachment, when joined to Lieutenant Colonel Millie’s corps, would enable him to join me; and I delired Lieutenant O > lo -, ad Fletcher to tell him to beg ’ n his march in the evening of the 9th of September, and inarch all night towards me; but if any thing happened that he thooght might impede his nurch, I then desired he would move with the detachment to 1 rap ad amour, which was. 0 miles in my rear, and inform me of it.

Sept. 9. Our army and the enemy remained on the fame ground. This evening the tents were Itruck, and we lay on our arms all night. About twelve O ’ clock we heard fume cannon and mulquetry, which fooa ceased, and every thing remained quiet.

Scpr. 10. A little before dav - light, we heard a very heavy firing of can - Bonand mufquetry, at a ditLuce. The company’s army, I uncierstood, had moved : ] also, at day light, inarched by my right, on towards where w. e heard the firing. When we had marched about four uiiles, I o; dered three guns to be fi; ed, as signs of our approach; and observing the smoke of the guns to be to our lefr, we moved in a direct line towards them. Afrer marching about a mile and half more, 1 repeated the ( ignals but had no return. We fawa great smoke, and of a sudden all the firing ceased. We continued our march to the right, towards the Trepaflore road again, expelling to meet lieutenant Colonel Bail lie, not doubting but that he had repulsed th enemy. After marching about two mile ?, we inct one of our own fepoys, wounded, who told us, that Colonel Baillie had been attacked, and entirely detected. Though I could not depend on th s information, yet not meeting the detach neat ) and the firing having totally ceased, gave me too much reason to fuf -

p c&

aa.

PARLIAMENTARY.

A. 1781,

pcft some disaster. The security of the array determined me, therefore, to return to Conjeveram, where we arrived about fix in the evening. Several other wounded fepoyscame in this night, who confirmed the defeat of the detachment. The reports of the lepoys differed so much as to particulars, that no credit could be given them; in one circumstance only they seemed all to agree, which was, that either two or three tumbrils blew up, and that then the horse broke in upon the detachment. This is all the information I got of this nod unhappy difafier.

I found there was barely one day’s rice for the troops; and I considered, that if I remained at Conjeveram, 1 should be surrounded with all Hyder’s cavalry, so that I should be every day more distressed for paddy and fheept and the horses and bullocks mud have llarved; nor had I any hopes of relief I re Solved therefore to fall back to Chingleput, where I hoped to find provisions; I ordered all the baggage out of the Pagoda,. which was not in a ( late of defence, and threw the heavy guns and ( lores, that could not be moved, into. the great tank.

Sept. it. At three in the morning, we left Coujeveram; we marched all day. Our flanks and rear were continually harassed with not less than 6000 of the enemy’s horse, who wounded several men, and cut off several carts of baggage. A deep nulla near Skeveram retarded our march much; and the followers of the army, with the baggage, prttfed so close on the line in thia narrow, pass, that many of the coolies threw down their loads, and left them on the ground. We arrived at eleven at night at a river, within a mile and a half of Chingleput, so deep, that the rear of our army did not pass it tiil nine o ’ clock next morning.

Sept. 1 2. I was much disappointed on being informed, by Lieutenant Mackay, who commands at Chmglepu :, that I could not get any provisiona for the troops, and that the nabob’s h. ivildars had all run away from the country. After every endeavour, we couli only get paddy suffic ent forone day’s rice, and some sheep for the Europeans. Colonel Cofby joined us here, with his detachment from the fou : hward, confiding of ten companies of fe poy grenadiers, three battalion companies of lepoys. two regiments of hi hi hness the nabob’s cavalry, with fix of his light infantry companies, and two three - pounders. Had we had provisions, I could have remained at Chingleput with this reinforcement, till I had heard from Madras; but ne Cefiity obliged us to make another forced march to Sr. Thomas’s Mount.

Sept. 13. We left all our lick a d some of the baggage ar Chingleput, ind began our march at fix in the evening, and arrived at the Mount 00 the 14th, about two o ' clock in the afternoon : the troops were quartered in the barracks and houses; and the 15th the army marched to Marmelon, where they are now encamped.

I have now, gentlemen, in plain terms, informed you of every particular relative to the army, that I can recullefl worthy your observation; and give me leave to assure you, that in the ( b > rr time we have been from Madras, I have had more difficulties to encounter than ever I experienced since I have been a soldier. 1 imagine it will appear, that the unexpected as well as uncommon quantity ef rain, that fell :. rom the 26th of Auguil to the 6th Sep temper, has becu the cause of our misfortune, by swelling a small river so as to prevent Lieutenant Colonel Baillie’s detachment from passing, from thq

A. 1781. D E B A T ( E ‘S. 3

27th of August to the 3d of September; and what ( tiU adds to the distress, I underfiand it is a river that has scarce ever been known to be impassable for. any length of time. Had Lieutenant Colonel Baillie joined us the 29th of Aoguff at Conjcveram ( which nothing but the rains could prevent ) I lhouldi have had it in my power to have attacked Hyder’s Camp at Ball Chitty, be fare his whole force had been collected. His situation favoured the attempt, being encamped in a wood, which would have given our infantry the advantage over his numerous cavalry; I should also have had provisions sufficient to lave served the army to Arcot, where we expected an ample supply; but the necessity I was under of remaining at Cohjeveranr, deprived me of these ad vantages. The quantity of paddy I had collected in the Pagoda was our on \jfopport, and had I quitted Conjeveram, the enethy would immediately have occupied it. and we must have fiarved. In the unfortunate affair of the 10th, as 1 am certain Lieutenant Colonel Baillie, his officers, and the whole detachment, would exert themselves to the utmost, I am of Opinion that the hewing up of the tumbrils was the ruin of the detachment, the number of lives that muff have been loss by the explosion, the confusion it muff have created in the ranks, and the want of ammunition, might have been the cause of the defeat of a much larger body, and 1 fear it was at this moment of their tfcffrefs that Hyder’s multitude of cavalry fell on them. The want of intelligence was a circumstance in which I was much diffreffed : 1 found rayfelf in a country ravaged with fire and sword, and so surrounded with hone, that hircarras could with difficulty go out or return to camp without being wounded by them. The inhabitants moffly fled, and the few that remained, seem ed more in the interest of the enemy than of their proper mailer. It was to Captain Pringle, who is captain of the guides, that I was obliged in this particular, whose unwearied diligence provided me all the intelligence I did receive *

Great as the misfortune is in the loss of so laVge a detachment, I hope wt have still resources to bring a strong army to the field; but in particular give me leave to fix your attention to cavalry : The oppression of the artillery and infantry for want of horse is too great; the numbers of detachments obliged tobefent out for provisions harrafles the troops severely; whereas, a certain number of regular cavalry would cover your troops on all marches, provide escorts for convoys, keep your camp quiet by patroles, and give relief to the artillery and infantry, so as to enable them to act with full force when actual services require their exertion —I beg this letter may make a number in the first packet to Europe.

I have the honour to be,

Honourable Sir, and Sirs,

Your moil obedient servant,

Hector Muirao *

Your committee rhink it proper to refer the house to the appendix No. 9. for other letters relative to thel ' e events; and they have there put a letter from the fried committee to the court of directors, dated the 15th October 1780, and together with it, the correspondence between the general and the governor in letters which appear to have not been laid before the board; And

24 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

also the general’s correspondence with Colonels Colby and BaiUie, and the lastructions which he gave to them and to Colonel Fletcher.

There wiil also be found annexed, a return of the detachment under Colonel BaiUie, a return of the troops at the Mount on tht 26th August, and of the ordnance, ammunition, and ( lores, issued from 26th August to 15th September, and a ( late of the troops which now, lince th# retreat from Conjeve - ram, were encamped on the Madras fide of the Mar melon river; to which ia added, the/minute of the general respecting Colonel Baillie s lof «, and some official letters to the secretary at war, and enclosures, which he transmitted to Europe.

And your committee have also here subjoined to those papers which were produced or lent by Sir Hedfor Munro, a letter from Lord Macleod to the secretary at war, and some letters from Sir Edward Hughes, and also from ’ other cfficrri who have given any accounts of these events.

And as it appears, that the fiiit flep taken by the felc& committee after receiving information of this misfortune, was to traosmit an account of it to Bengal, your committee have thought proper to place also in this number of the appendix, the confutations of that select board, on 13th September, and the resolutions formed in consequence of them, and their letter of the 14th to the governor general and council thereupon, that the house may have before them in one view, all the circumstances leading to and immediately consequential upon the defeat, which your committee have been able to collect.

It appears, that to the necessity of assistance in money, for which this pre - fidency had before, as has been seen, applied to that of Bengal, was now fu - peradded an urgent demand for a reinforcement of troops; which, they say, ' the bare recital of their loss would make evident, " especially as it had been with the utmost difficulty, that they could before draught a sufficient num - ber of troops from their garrisons to meet the enemy in the field/ *

And your committee find, that this was enforced by a letter from Sir Edward Hughes of the fame date; who, after represenring the imminent danger of the presidency of Madras, entreats the governor general and council to lay afidc all plans again ( I the Marat tas, and unite in opposing Hyder and the French, who were certaftry ailing in concert.

And your committee find, by the general letter from Fort Saint George to the court of directors, dated 15th Citober, that immediately upon the irruption of Hyder Ally in July, advertisements had been issued for receiving loans upon company bonds; and that the supply raised by this means proving very inadequate, and having no other immediate relource, they observe, that they had been obliged, in this exigency, to act contrary to orders, ’ and to draw bills on them ro an amount exceeding £. 200, 000.

And your committee find, that the nabob was required by letter of 19th September, to return an exaCl and positive answer to some questions put to him in regard to the contributions which might be depended on from him; and an alignment of territory was infilled upap, for all money which had been or fliou d be advanced for the payment of his troops.

And your committee find, that the answer of the nabob to the governor, dated the id October, contained an account of his great distress, and of his inability to afiijlt, as he could wish, in furnishing supplies. hat he bad of - 4 ten

DEBATES. a

, of the cuemy ' s intentions to Invade the Carnatic, and Has Wed upon to provide those neceflarics, which lie had declared ? : j difficult to procure when the enemy dhouid have entered hia t sow, when they had been two months in the Carnatic, he re fipom the governor, requeuing a supply of bullocks, ( beep, and however, he would endeavour to procure them all, in as great quantity as be could; —and that he would exert himself to com ts of cavalry, which Oiould be put qnder the dire < irbons of chief during the war—That he would consent to make af - : territory, for theiums which should be advanced by the compa ' uoops.

. that on the 6th of October, two members of the feledf cornmit - that an alteration had been made in this letter since they had ad - —Your committee have hot discovered whar this alteration appears, that the nabob, in several subsequent letters, repeated appropriate the revenues of Tinnevelle, Ramnaur, Shevagun - inopoty, for money advanced to pay the arrears due to his for thttr future payitient; and that on the 30th of October, it by th «; fe tf committee9 to discharge those arrears, and to - fegu - nts in the manner then proposed by the president. committee find, that the fele& board now judged it to be a necef to ( tnengfheu t ie fort of Tanjore; and it was proposed to fend a of troops, who should not be Taujoreans, to reinforce the garri Colonel Braithwaite, who had on the t th September been ap~ e cummandof that place, suggested an advice on the 23d of the that a body of horse should be raised in that country, where y was ( orae good cavalry, which ', having beenfirice neglected, to Hyder *

committee find, That letters were afterwards wrote to the raja, affifiance for that purpose, and to put his Sebendy Corps under of the commantjunt at Tanjore; and also to request from him a ly of provisions, a ( faring him at the same time of pr re dlion : rs, that che raja returned a very favourable answer to these ap -

, That the giving tip the Guntoor Circar, which had been so was now resolved upon; and that the select committee, on the her, wrote to Lieutenant Douglas, who commanded in that dif - g ad order from the nabob to his managers, to withdraw from neern in that country. Lieutenant Douglas was also directed to; t Jung ' s agent; and inform him of this intention, that he barge of the Circar till he should receive instructions from his ‘The company s ( epoys were to be collected tqge ber from of the district, and to march immediately to Gngole, and to jtbcncetyith allpoflible expedition to the preiidency.

Ttee have thought proper to put into the Appendix, No. 11, the govenorto Bazaiet Jung on thisfubjr61, which appears to rote on the 23d September, in consequence of a motion made in ittee by. Mr. Johnson; and in the fame Appendix will be from the nabob on the li me subjt&, dated 16th September, £ wherein

it

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17&1.

wherein also he desired to be authorized to negotiate a treaty with the ' nyfam.

And it appears, that the select committee came to a resolution on the jd September that the govenor should write a letter to that prince, acquainting him with their having ordered the Guntoor Circar to be restored. This letter appears to have been sent on the 25th, and Hates, that as his highness - had induced the presidency of Bengal to interfere for attaining that object, and they lament the long disappointment they had found, to their hopes of being able to pay him their arrears of the Pefcufh due for the other Circars; but delire him to belieye their assurances, that they will negleff no opportunity ’ for the future of making good the balances 5 and they conclude with expret. finga confident hope, " that his highness would aft according to the treaties lubfilling between. him and the company, and endeavour to the titmost of his power tq check the designs of their enemies. "

And your committee find, that it was resolved, on the i$th September, by thefeledt committee, to withdraw the greaielt part of the troops from the other Circars, and to leave garrisons only in Ganjam, Mazulipatam, and Vizagu - patam, the works of which were ordered to be flrengthentd as much as pofiU ble; and that Infiruflions were sent to that effefl, on the 14th and 16th September, to the chiefs and council of those places; and &r the same time the/ ere directed to pack up their treasure, and put it on board the Nymph ( loop 9f war, which Sir Edward Hughes had agreed to dispatch with the packet to Bengal, and permitted it to touch at tnofe places on her return/

And your committee fiud, that Lieutenant Douglas, in obedience to his ip ’ llructions, delivered up the Guntqorto Bazalet Jung’s manager; bur was, qhlrged to inform the feled committee, by a letter dated the 24th September, that the fepoys would deiert, if ordered to march to the southward. And it appears that he was thereupon directed by letter of 4th October, to leave them at Ongole; and that the tour companies of the 7th Carnatic battalion ( hook ! be sent from thence to the presidency, according to his advice in a letter dated the ift October '

And your committee find, that a difficulty of a similar nature, in anothf r Circar, was not so happily concluded; for upon an attempt to embark the fepoys for the presidency at Mazulipatam and Vizagapatam, they mutinied; and though at the first of thele places order was reffored by the address of General Stewart, at the other they proceeded to acts of the mod extreme outrage, killed loment their officers " and a compleat plunder of the place eufued, whereby the property of every individual, as well as that of the company had fullered effectually. "— It appeared that the mutineers then went off, accompanied by five companies of the first Circar battalion, which happened 10 bt ? in gsrrifon there; and that there were great apprehensions that the fe - poy&in the Cicacole Circar would follow their example; and also, that the zemindars would avail themselves of that opportunity to throw off their allegiance; that Sittaram Rauzc w ?. s not yet arrived at Vizagapatam. and that he kept away > n a manner that had the appearance of premeditated delay; that on all thele accounts there was much anxiety about the fate of that lettle - ment.

And it appears by further accounts, that Viziram Raure, the brother of Sittaram Rauzc, had wrote letters to the zefruidars toafllff in suppressing the

4

• mutiny

A. 17

DEBATES *

27

notioy; but your committee ' find, by a letter dated the 10th October, that the ioUirgcots bad laid down their arms and part of their plunder, and had dif - perkd.

And your committee find, that Sir Hector Monro, who had aflted and obtained leave to come to the presidency after he had encamped the remains of kis army 00 the banks of the Marmelon, having again resumed his feat in the comrifittee, propofpd and recommended there, on the 22d September, 2 node, by which he hoped that the late misfortunes would be repaired, and the army strengtbened as soon as possible, so as to enable them to oppose the pemy. After explaining his plan for the ( Irengthcning the principal garri - ( oos; for railing fepoy recruits to com pleat their battalions; for encreSfing their monthly pay to engage them in the ( crvice, and perhaps also to tempt then to quit that of the enemy; in short, for the general regulation and dtflribution of the forces, he urged thl necessity of putting these measurei into immediate execution; and then concludes in these words : " It is in peace ve should prepare for war. After the siege of Pondicherry, I had the honour of addrefi5ng the select committee by letter, wherein I ( fated the defies ia tbtir garrisons and ( lores, and pointed out the necellity of putting them in fochaftateas to be ready on any emergency; and I frequently recommended that the troops should always be ready for the field. 1 am sorry to say that lay obfenrations of mine had not the effect I could have wished. I shall say no Bore on what is pad; it is our bufmels now to use every endeavour for the public good. We should have one voice, and one hand; and if the ruling power is steady and determined in its resolutions, the executive part mod and mil be properly attended to; nor can you make yourfclvetf more formidable to your enemyr than by unanimity in your council. " *.

And your committee find, that frequent considerarions being now had 6f deviling the most proper and effectual means for security and refinance against the successful enemy, several propositions were laid before the lelelt committee, and several resolutions taken upon them; the mod material of which trill be found in an Appendix, No. 13. And as the heavy loss fudained b ) the defeat of Colonel Baillie, made it mod immediately obvious that the first necessary expedient was to endeavour to recruit the ( battered battalions, orders appear to have been dispatched by the ( cleft board to different station > for that purpose; but as almod every diilrift was now over - run by the enemy’s troops, and communication thereby with the country greatly cut off, the mean - of gaining recruits were ofcourse much ( Heightened; it was found necessary to apply to the nabob for leave to draft his Sibbendy corps, and also to order that recruiting money should be encreased to one pagoda. And. at intimations prere made to the ( elect board, that the Europeans in Hyder ' a service were dispoied to desert from it, they appear to have commissioned their officers to bold out such encouragement as might be likely to induce those men to enter into the company’s regiments. The chief engineer gave in a plan of mea - ( urea necessary to be adopted for the defence of the Black Town and fort; and k was particularly resolved, on ? £th September, to lay up six months storeof every kind of provision within the fort, as soon as possible; and the picfideat. waa de fired to take the necessary steps accordingly. The commander of the jutiikry proposed, by letter of 24th September, an augmentation of that aorps, which was agreed to be referred to the court of {fireftor j ammunition

8 PARLIAMENTARY A. ifii.

and floret were ordered to those places which were found to want them; and Arcot was reinforced by fifty Europeans from Vellore, so rhat the garrison confined, on the 26th September, of about s$o Europeans, besides two companies of fep ys commanded by the company’s officers, and about 7000 armed people; but che nabob, ltiil anxious for the fate of his capital, of which Hy - dtr had resumed the liege, continually solicited fresh succours, which could jjot be given to it.

\ It appears indeed to your committee, Th3t much appreheafion was at this time conceived for the firuation of Madras itself, from the incomplete llate of th" fortification ?, the weaknef > of the garrison, and the want of provisions : and Messrs. Smithand Johnson, in their minute of the nth October, made these, as well as the probable dcligns of the French from the islands, the grounds of their delire, tha : Sir Edward Hughes should be requeued not to quit that coast, but : o biing his fleet into the road, as loon as he could with fafery.

■ But it appears to your committee, That the admiral attended the fcUd committee on the 12th October; and after dating many urgent reasons, which made ir incumbent upon him to proceed to Bombay, observed moreover, that he did not think ir probable that the French attack would be directed fi ft to the C romaudel couft; and that at all events, they were not to be expected during the ensuing moofoon, immediately aftet winch, he should Jto ’ v : himself to return.

And it appears, That the committee then came to a refblution, not to make any further rfquest to Sir Edw ard, to alter his determination of proceeding to Bombay,

And it appears, That the committee took the opportunity of fending packet by him to th « t presidcncy; in which they gave a relation of the defeat of their troops under Colonel Baillie, and remarked, with regret, the inconvenience they suffered from che absence of those troops which they had detached to Bombay, to their assistance, and that they wished to have them returned to their coast by the first opportunity.

It appears, That the fclcQ committee having received advices from Telli - cherry, that it was closely bdieged by the Naira, assisted with the force of Hyder Ally, wrote to the chief and council, and to the commandant of that place, intruding them, that as they conceived it not possible, without powerful support, to keep possession of it for any length of time, and as the lunation of affairs rendered it necessary that the troops ( liould return to the prtfi - dency with all possible expedition, they should abandon the settlement, and that Sir Jtdward Hfrghes would assist in bringing off the troops, stores, and ef - feds, and would transpnrt them to Anjengo,

And it appears to your committee, That a letter wa9 written on the fame day, to Sir Edward Hughes, imvhich the committee requested him to execute that service.

And your committee find, that at this time a general letter having been made Vp, and dispatched by the Nymph ( loop of war, MefTre. Smith and Johnson delivered in a minute, October 19th, expreliive of their dilapprobation of the moments, as being a partial and unfair account of the transadions and events which ir was meant to communicate to the court of direct ’ ors; and they point put several circumstances, which were omitted or raifrepresented—they ob - fared, m Tfou they might relate whaf had happened in the nr oft favourable

manner

A. iySi 13 ABATES. 2

manner their records would allow, button no account to deviate from them; remarking, that by them, and not by partial representations, their conduct would be judged; and that they therefore totally disapproved of every part of the letter, which could not be corroborated by the minutes of the committee. "

It appears, That another joint minute had been delivered in by the fame gentlemen, on the i4thinftanr, which they thought iicceflary, to make the record of their femiments on the mode in which business wa > conducted in the committee, that it might be feci/how far any responsibility couid be re qnired of them in particular, who formed a part of the government, that they would therefore point out the ruling influence which that inilitution had thrown into the hands of the governor, and consequently, how touch he was responsiblrfor all measures that came before it.

They particularly remark his power of presenting or suppressing all official information, and observe, J That they had reason to think the late president expected before his departure, that the compands possessions on the coall would be invaded by Hyder; — - that they likdwife had rcaion to think that he knew magazines were collecting on the frontiers of the Carnatic, at Benga - lore, See. and that they had been in ' ormed that Mr. Grey wrote several let -

ters to him on that subject ( although only one appeared on record j ) but this information was never communicated to the committee. "

They then refer to several of their minutes, which contained intelligence of Hyder ' s designs, and of their advice to prepare to oppoie him i and rdfert their opinion, that if those measures had been attended to, it was probable that the enemy would not have invaded the Carnatic, or that at all events the army would have been in readiness to have met/him on his firit appearance. — They condemn, in express terms, many fieps taken by the majority of the committee Cnee his irruption; and Cate the conduct which they had themselves pur - sued - r - " They think it necessary, in conclusion, to desire that the court of directors, and the ' committee, would refer to the report of the late presiderit, relarive to Hyder ' s disposition and intentions, ms entered in the minutes - of the committee on 23d October 1779, and to the committee ' s unanimous opinion thereupon; and to Mr. Smith ' s minute 10th November, ' and to the committee ' s opinion in consequence thereof. " In which your committee have also put a letter from the nabob to the court of directors, dated 17th October, 1780.

Such were the Ceps which appear to have been taken at Fort St. George, in consequence of the difeller, which had ft > weakened their pow r and resources, as to occasion a voluntary dereliction of some of theit possessions, in order to be better enabled to preserve the rest.

Your commitree will now take a view of the proceedings at Bengal, on their receiving information of the irruption of Hyder Ally into the Carnatic, and of the heavy loss which had happened afterwards top - rt of the Madras army.

It appears, by the confutations of that presidency of the 4th September, That though a motion was made to fend a sum of money to Madras, adequate to the emergency of \he occasion, provided they should not be ablo to fur - uUh themselves by th. e method they were pursuing, of raising money upon the company’s bonds; yet, on farther reflexion, it was agreed to wait till ware particular accounts of the necessary should be received, and a " further

information

L. pogle

go PARLIAMENTARY A. iy - 8r.

information had of the state of that grefideocy with relation toitB disposition for repelling theiftual or pretended invasion, whichever it might prove, and the other distinct i ' ervices to which they might propose to apply the turns afforded them; an especially as two modes of remittance were already provided, which, though toot ample, would prove a sufficient relict to their immediate wants. "

The accounts which fotlowed soon after of the defeat of Colonel Baillie, and of the alarming distress in which the Britishi affairs on the coast of Coromandel were involved, by the foccefsful progress of Hyder Ally occassioned tncafures of more immediate relief to be proposed and adopted; It was re solved to fend a supply of fifteen lacks of rupees to transport to Madras immediately a considerable reinforcement of European troops, and that fevers ! battalions of fepoys should follow them at a proper season, and in the man tier which should then be found mod adviseable; for the season was now too far advanced to prepare vessels to carry so large a body of men, provided *, which could hardly be hoped, that the fepoys would submit to an etnbarka tion, and get the better of their repugnance to a pailage by sea - The roads by land lay through a marftiy country, and were yet impassable, and there were yet also to be removed the doubts of the design with which the Berar Anny was stationed in the very line of the route which they mull take. — Sir £yre Coote was desired, and, he agreed, to proceed hinjfelf immediately to the coast, ? nd take the command of the army on that establishment. And it was urged, that " Though the danger impending on the company’s interests in the Carnatic might be easily repelled, even with the force which it already possessed for its defence, yet, that no reliance could be placed upon it, unless it should be properly applied and conducted - that it did not appear to hav® been properly applied, nor could be expected to be properly conduced un - lcfs Sir Eyre Coote would at this ciilis Hand fojth, and vinctfeatp, in his own person, the rights and honour of the Britishi arms. "

Doubts also being then suggested, of the propriety of trufling so Urge a sura as fifteen lacks of rupees to tl > e management of the gentlemen of Madras, from an apprehension that they would " not only misapply hut waste it ft refutation was taken, that the treasure should be consigned to Sir Eyre Cooie, and appropriated exchifively to answer military charges; < c but that he should be authorised to advance any part of it on the requificioo of the prTi - demand select committee of Fort St George, should he agree in the expe fliency of doing fo/1 ’

These particulars were communicated to the Madras board, in a letter from the gk vernor general and council of ad October; herein, after expressing a fnoll feniible concern at the fatal check which the company’s arms had received, they declare, that they purposely forbear at present from making any pb rvationson that event, or of the Heps, which if ra > en, would, in their ppinipn have prevented it, " They inform thcni also of having sent some salt, proviftonsin case of a flege, and of the means taken to provide them "with grain j of their having resolved to offer terms ot peace to the Maraftas and of having. written to S « r Edward Hughes, requeflinghim to direct, if pofitble the operations of his Majesty’s squadron, against the possetpons and Aiips of Pyder ? on the coaff of Mplabarf

to

DEBATES,

A. 1781.

31

In their letter to Sir Edward Hughes, which was also of the fame date with that to Madras, they particularly remark to him, that they had re fol red on a peace with the Marattas; " that it had been long their wiih to fee an early jfliie to their differences, and were happy to observe, that tbit with feezed to accord with the sentiments Arongly conveyed to them in hia letter of the 14th tilt. "

To these resolutions the governor general and council add ' d another, which they came to on the io; h October, of suspending Mr. Whitchill from hit office of president and governor of Fort St. George, for several causes assigned in their Secret confutations of that date. —They transmitted accounts of all these proceedings to the court of directors, in letters of the 13th and 17th Gdober; in the lattter of which they refer to a letter they wrote to Fort St George on the 20th of January 17 78,. respecting the disposition of the troops on that efiabltfhroent; and declare it to be their opinon, that, had that diP portion been attended to, or the advice contained in that letter followed, the calamity which their forces lately suffered, and which was owing to a di vision of the troops at a moment of emergency, would1 not have happened.

It appears to your committe, that Sir Eyre Coote arrived at Madras on thtf 5th November, and that he took his feat as second in council on the 7 th when the general letter - from the Bengal presidency, containing their order and reasons for the suspension of Mr. Whitehili, was read; and also a mi - note of Mr. Whitehill ’ s, in which he disclaims and protests against the authority of the supreme council to deprive him of his office of president and governor of Fort St. George, and holds every member of administration, who fl&ooid submit to it oa the prefen t occasion, to be answerable to the East. India company for the subversion of the government, and to him, for any loss be may sustain in his person or liberty.

And it appears in the confutations of the 8th November, that Mr. White hill was held to be suspended by a majority of the council; and that Mr. Smith, as next to the chair, succeeded to the government.

And your committee find, that the president and select committee informed the court of directors, by letter dated the 29th November, of the assistance which Sir Eyre Coote had brought to their presidency in money and troop®, and that a large reinforcement of fepoys was expected to march fromBengal to pin theirtroops, as soon as the weather would permit; but its arrival at Madras could not be looked for earlier than March; even on a suppofitioit that the detachment should no be opposed on its march, either by the troops of Moodajee Boofhk, the raja of Boar, or by thofeof the Nyfam, which was impoffibie to say it might not, although. u itber of those pdwers had yet broke with the company. '

It appear to your commitree also by this dispatch, that the Pcttah of Ar cor, having been carried by assault on the 31ft October, after wfiege of six weeks, the fort surrendered to Hyder Ally, by capitulation, on the 3d of November; and that this lo s was considered to be of great importance, at there were lodged in it a very large Quantity of stores of iU kinds, and as it was rxtenfive enough to afford protection and accommodation for the whole army of the enemy.

It appears also, that Hyder’s cavalry haring over run and laid waste the whole country, the chief supply of provisionj, and draught and carriage buU

Jo

cks,

js, PARLIAMENTARY A 1781 *

locks, for the British army, was thus out off. No money could be obtained from the nabob, or from the raja of Tanjore. The reyenuesof the nabob, indeed, had fuftered much from the1 incurfioo of the enemy, and thedefola - tion of his territories; but the raja of Tanjore had not ' yet had a grain of his country touched. And, 44 thus, " say they, "from our part disappoint ments and present profpefta, we can place but little dependance on any other refinirce chan that of Bengal for carrying on the war; and as to the e - Jtpen - ces of the civil department,. we have very ( lender hope of procuring sufficient to answer them from any quarter. *

; And your committee find, that Sir Eyre Coote, in letters to the court of directorr, to one of his Majesty ’ a principal focretaries of Hate, and to these - cretary at war, exhibits a very ( taking and melancholy picture of the fixation of arratrs 00 his arrival at Madras; where he found their present ( late to be indeed more dirt relied and funk than he even could have - had any idea of, and the profpc& of alteration appeared hardly leli discouraging. He pro - fcfie to avoid a minute difquilition of the persons or causes to which theie misfortunes might be attributed; 44 but he should hope that both would be brought forward to public vieft; and that the nation might thereby haye an opportunity of redrelling itself of those who had wantonly injured its honour and inreretls. ’ He obfeyves, that, regardless of the jealously which must have; been expected in every native power, from our having driven out our only European competitor feom that quarter of the world, the government, of Madras hdd coptrived, by an inexcusable effort of bad policy, to Simulate that jealously. into avowed resentment—that this was ilrongly instanced by their conduct in regard to Hyder, who, incensed at their refusal to assist him against the Marattas, ' as by treaty they were virtually bound to do, had finoe received other provocations from them to rush into open hostility; and ? though weff - informed and aware of his intentions against the Carnatic, they had chosen not only themselves to discredit them, but. to dissuade the belief of others; they had made no opposition to his entry into the province, nor taken the fmaHeft precautions ( or their own security—that moreover, this inactivity had if ill continued; and what ought to have been their first care, lay as much neglected as if no enemy had been near. That the troops were dispirited, the fepoys defecting, the country desolated, the inhabitants treacherous, all. communications were cut off, their provisions were consumed, and their resources exhausted. The Nabob, so far from being able to give alliftance in this exigency, had neither men, money, or influence, and looked up to the company for the support of his interests and credit - —• that Arcot had fallen into Hyder’s hands; an event which, whilst it gave him almort every thing he could wish, produced efft&s the mod embarratfing to the company’s affairs, and to the conduct of the war on their part; that other forts and garrisons had surrendered without resistance, and their commanders were thereby to be fufjpe£led of treachery; but that so shameful had been the neglect of every necessary for their defence, that ( hey were furnish - ed with an trxcufe for so readily giving them up—even the necessary arrangements for the l ' ecurity of Fort St. George, the very foundation of our exigence on that co. ft, had not been made; no pains had been taken to repair the ( battered condition of the very small army that remained for their de. ence; the field artillery requisite for a campaign, was so far from being

in

A. 1781. DEBATES.

33

in readinds, that the carriages were then making up; that it was true, bow iurprifing soever, that Pondicherry was, when evacuated, left not only in a condition useless to the French, in case of their landing on that coast, but open and convenient for their reception—nothing but the fortifications destroyed, the French inhabitants left in ample possession of their houses j and in coxtsequence they had risen in arms, robbed the resident, and raised two or three battalions of fepoys, which they called Hyder s, but which were evidently French Large quantities of provisions were laying up at Caron golly, in the neighbourhood of Pondicherry, which being on the sea coast, could be intended only for the French on their arrival. To such disadvan - tages, a riling front these misfortunes, and this mifeondu t on their part, was to be added, the increase of superiority to the enemy, by his good policy, as well as the flrengfh and fpccefe of his arms; for, that Hyder had taken every measure which could occur to the moil experienced general to did refs us, ' and to render himself formidable; add " that his conduit ia his civil capacity had been supported by a degree of political address, unequalled by any power that had yet appeared in Hindostan. *

That the smallness of the British force, and of their refoufces, compared to thoie of Hyder, augmented the diflkuitie ? of future coated with him— that his army, on the 190ft moderate computation, " amounted to not less than 70, 000 infantry ( common report makes them 100, 000 ) of which there are 20, 000 in regular battalions, 400 Europeans under the command of a Mr. Latly, 100 pieces of canrton of different Calibres, which are worked by Europeans, in number 300, and black artillery disciplined by os, and formerly in the farvice of the Nabob Mahomed Ally, and at the liege of Arcot were so well served, as repeatedly to have dilmounted our guns upon the batteries; his approaches, on that occasion, were S9 well carried on as if conducted by therooff skilful engineers. He has got ‘30, 000 cavalry, of which 2000 art Abiffyriean. horse, which constantly attend his person; 10, 600 Calmatic hotfe, well trained, half of which, we are well informed, are competed of tfiofe regiments which were disbanded from and deferred the fearvice of the nabob within these last four years, and whidh were all dHciplmed by English officers; the rest of his cavalry aro the commoo horse of the coontly, hnder different chiefs. —That to fecUre a supply of provisions for so nbrnerous an army, he had, besides other refource9, 30, 000 bollocks, which were constantly employed in that service.

Sir Eyre Coote then ( fares the force under his own immediate command; which, not exceeding 7, 000 men in all, of whom only 1, 700 were Euto ’ peans, was totally unequal to the undertaking of an attack upon Hyder, m his ftroog posts; but that he was taking every step, and making everjr necessary arrangement, a9 well for encouraging the fepoys, repairing thi Mattered condition of the army, and for the security ot our remaining pof - foffions, as for facilitating his operations against the tnemy; and had written lathe presidency of Bombay, to Sir Edward Hughes, and to General Goddard to unite in distressing Hyder’s possessions on the Malabar coast, and to be ' partkularly assiduous in promoting peace with the Marattas.

Tt appears also, that in these dispatches Sir Eyre Coote encloses two Uaoflates of Crefties. which, as he was informed, had been really entered into; < hcFrettch and Hyder, and the other between the princecDdttelMMn. "

Tol. JII.. F You *

, 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17SN

Your committee having thu9 completed the narrative of all transactions subsequent to the irruption of Hyder, including the accounts brought by the last dlfpatcbea, it appear to them to be now properly the next step of their enquiry, to ain. what fymproms of discontent, or what indications of enmity, were discovered in Hyder Ally, at ny. time before his irruption into the Carnatic, in order that the Mottle may be enabled tp judge of the degree : of warning which the company’s servants received of h is hostile intentions.

And your committee having found it suggested in several of the latedi£ - patches, wherein any remarks on the Caucs of the present invasion re m < ider that he had cooftaiitly manifeifetj a ( pint of rt, fslwrocnt agafttft the £nglilhr since the time when the presidency of Fort St. George refused to fend aliill nc : of troops to co - operate with lum against the Marattas, w h he demanded in Virtue of the treaty concluded 3d April 1769, between the presidpu$y aiufc jtim;. ’ \ -. .. ’

Your committee Were led tp eac. irninc that treaty; a copy of which, witty the observitions annexed, will be found in the appendix,. No. Ja; and they desire ' to direct the attention of the Ho. use to the ( econd article ofit, wherein k is, ftip. ulatetty " That in case either of thq contracting panics shall be attacked, they ( baity from their respective countries ^. mutually aiHit. each other to drive the enemy out. " (, -

Your committee will riot Here make any political fen rk upon this, or any other article of the treaty jn question, as fitch will be mote properly in - Iroduced in a future part of thel ' e reports; fhev mpaji at present to confine themselves to the F16I of Hyder’s demanding alfcflance of the presidcDcy of fort St. George, and of any tofceus of dilpUafyr pr. reXentmeot, in confc - qupnee of thpir delay, or refufaj, to gratify him,.. 4,

And it appears to your committee, That on tKqT tli of May following thei concluGon of this treaty, Hyder wrote to the governor off Madras, and after proposing to unite Jcnagee Bopafela with theirs in a new treaty, which ftipuld be nude for that purpose, he signified his d ' figo of Recovering ipme place which had been for two years. in the hands ( ot Maudhproow, apd dchrecL li that fcoqfift nt with the friendship and regard fubfifiing between, them, and the gopd appearapee thereof in the eyes of the world ) he would fend - to, tyi$ assistance, top ferpj fake, an officer with a battalion of fepoyfu N. 1

And yoyr committee find, that the governor, iq his ardWerr. idated r&thf June, fcxeufed himself from fending the troops for le. purpofp required, as such. a jQ. ep w. ouW amount to a declaration of war again# the Marratas, for Which the company had no just ground ;, and he therefore hoped, that Hydes, would decline asking of it. —He at the same time represen; ed to him, that it would be improper for him tdconclude any treaty, without consulting the C her presidencies.

, And your committee ftnd, by a minute of the president ’ sof the a .; th July, tj a; fie supposed it to be theiutention. of Hycfer to draw. th$presidency into a\ war with thcMarattas. And 3 letter from Hyder to his vakeel, of the lityof, July, f makes it appear, that he had requested tfiebattalion of fepoys frpna. the presidency, thereby to make a trial of their intention *, whether theyr Wpuldaftift him. with tlielr troops according to agreement in cafptheMa t - t s began, a war. \. {

Ana your committee find, by a letter from Hyder to the goveff or. rf - Fort 5tf George, dated 7th March 1770, that the Marattp

- ft.

A. ijSt.

DEBATES.

3 5

Vti tttTm > rF < *, ' nd 6ad taken several forts—And he again dffires affile ? in Ttn ' Consideration of the union between usf th ? ar/ny % pd ar - jj‘which tpp wiih me, are yoijr own; iK > twith ( lapsing,. pat of ? - t&flriti ailment mentioned9 in the treaty between pi if the if ' hi but pleated to fend but a fraap force to join an 4$ ip concert Mt ' ttf fere " ( he good Appearance, and to be talked of by the pflopli rte ' tky paoper.

- rlBMW Committee find, by a hotter dated 21 ft March, from MeflTrs. CMAritii Sjbbatd to the president and council, wjao were then in Jiyder ’ p dahj, that he had desired them xo Inform the governor and council, that as Am ' V t a ftfii ? friendship between them, which he rtipuld, on his part, Matku « lly maintain, he expected to be aftifted with a body of troops, &c. •4 that he was even willing to engage to give the company three lacks of t through & < ? hopes or their assistance. —And these gentlemen remark, KTfln n feired his former coolnefc vvpuld return ag iu, if they did not

I Jnbf cOoirhrttfe find, that the Madras board continually evaded com - 1 ' eitit these dhmep s, under various pretences, and particularly on the of Cxpecting t e colnrmflioner *, who had been then appointed to olftma With a general superintending power. —The maxim of delay < ur Committee to have been resolved on by the prendepey of Forp, 1. 2nd th ? t the in fir unions from home confirmed them in adhering Mhtiofis, though the3 Marattas in rHe mean time gained great ad - SrHyder ’ and he became proporti nably more earnefi ip bU re - M of the necessity which impelled him to require the ajd /lipulated

r lhfhlttee find, by the select confuljjttiop of the 29th Novem - the piefident fiares the situation of the Marattas and Hy ( hatrhe ‘former fee fried determined to destroy Hyder, and annex his thifir present possessiins; and that as he was unable to oppose tel, he could have nothing to depend upon, but the provision _ _.. principal forts, which must of course be greitly exhausted. — « lFhfcfarne ' copfultation wifi be found the difficulties started by the pre 54 ftiigard to ( he coudu& which the presidcncy should hold between the J pkhiesj ‘hWd particularly from thrfr not having received pofiuve curt, from the court of directors. It appears, however, that they - at farther ! iw to ntalce any declaration in favour of either fide.

e Orders riceivea from the company prevented theiy fending oat of the Carnatic to the affi fiance ot apy one.

" SWec find, by a letter from Hyder Ally to the Governor of I the 9th of July 1772, that he had concluded a peace which be. advised them, in conformity to the friend ( h i p

"find, by several records, that the nabob, Mahomed Jhe otrroor andfcouncil to enter into alliance with _ rdfcf Ally; and it appears, that his Majesty ' s ministers

ipocc&ttaries in those parts, openly concurred in recommending nego - F 2 nations

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

s6

union for that purpose; but your committee do not find, that in effect the government of Fort St. George aid conclude any such engagements with them *

And your committee find, by a letter from the governor and council Madras the 8th of December r 4, to the governor general and council of Bengal, that Hyder had taken the opportunity, while the attention of the Marattas had been engaged ' by their dirtra&ions at home, to recover the whole of the Countries which fhCy had within a few years part wrelied from him. And that it was evident, that by means of the French he was piend fully supplied with military rtores; and that adventurers of that nation were allowed, if not Encouraged, to enter into his service.

And it appears also by the famd letter, " that a correspondence bad ' for fame time been carried on between the qabob ind Hyder Ally; bur, that from the jealouiies which they entertained of each other, there appeared little probability of an hearty union ever taking place between them. ' *

And your committee find, that frequent accounts were received of Hyder attention to the augmentation and discipline of his troops; and that for some years the uncertainty of his designs caused much cpnfultation, and thatfufpi - cions were at sundry times, ( Wing the years 1775, 1776, and 1777, entertained of his hortile intentions against the company and the Carnatic, particularly by the nabob, who a ! so expressed his apprehenfiotis of the conferences ’ of an alliance betueen the French and Hyder, in case of a war with the former power.

Bnt it appears to your committee, that the ideas which the Mkdras proficiency entenained ’ of their state of connection with Hyder, or. apprehensions from his increasing power, Will be bert explained by a reference to their letters, descriptive of theportdre of affairs with respetf to the country powers. — And it appears by a minute in the military consultations, on the posture of affairs with regard to the country powers, 21ft April 1777, that Hyder, then engaged in waT with the Marartas, was expelled to apply to the French for artiftance; that he had received military rtores by the w « y of Malic, and it was supposed that the people emb. irked on board the man of war th. it carried those rtores, were intended for his service : the minute concludes thus;

" Should, however, the designs of Hyder prove unfuccefiful against the Ma - rattas, it is not improbable to suppose the French would deem it a favourable opportunity to afford him the artiftance which we have reason to believe they have long premeditated against the Carnatic - ’ *

And your committee find, that the governor general and council, in their letter of the 17th September 1777, to the Madras council, desire to receive a return of the actual rtate of the troop under that presidency, and an account of the views and connections of the different country potentates, their rtrength and rofources, together with their opinion of such alliance as they would recommend to be formed in case of emergency.

And your committee find, that the goVerifor and council of Fort St. George, returned anansweron the 16th er January 1778, and sent the return required; and took occasion toobserve how mudt they depended on the nabob for money to pay their troops, and how netefiary it would be to have always in the treasury a sufficient fund to answer the exigencies of war; bur, that under the present system they might be unable, were the Carnatic, or the porttflions of the company, suddenly invaded, to put their troops in the field *

so

A. 1781.

' D £ B A T E S.

37

lb as to employ them to any good purpose. With respect to the views and connexions of the different powers, they observe, that the Marattas and Hy - der Ally were engaged in war, and that on account of the late intestine divi Eons of the former, Hyder appeared now in a condition to resist them, with foaie profpex of success. They ( late the respective force these opponents, and particularly the great power and revenues of Hyder; and they observe, that he kept up a conilant correspondence with Monfie ur Bellecorobe, at Pondicherry, who endeavoured all in his power to engage him in the imereff of the French - They give it as their opinion, that Hyder Ally might be made an useful ally to the company, but that they were afraid the nabob would never be brought to a £tcordially in such an alliance, as he bad long Ottrruiced 9 rooted enmity towards Hyder, and had, on several occasions, asoifeiled it in opposition to his own interelis.

And your committee find, that a few days after the Madras board sent the account last related, the president received a letter, dated 5th January 1778, from Hyder, containing an account of a great victory obtained by him over the Marattas, who had penetrated into the Bilaghaut, with an army of 50, 000 men; and that he gives this account of his success to the governor, from his consideratton of their alliance and fr iendftvp.

And your committee find, that oh the 13th February 177s, Sir Thomas Rumbold, who arrived at Madras on the 8th, fends an answer of congratulation, and at the same time informs Hyder of his having fuccceded 10 the charge of governor and president of Fort Sr. George; to which Hyder replied 241b March, and after fume ' expressions of civility observes, that for a length of time the company and he had been allied by ties of friendship, and that lie entertained no doubt of the new governor’s confirming and firenglhening Aetn.

And your committee find, that the governor reported to the council held on the 4th July 77$,. n account of a convention which he had had wi h Hyder’s vakeel, on the subjcX of some overtures for an alliance, which he vis authorised by his matter to propose; the pnncipul articles of which were, that Hyder would aiHlt in placing Ragonaut Row in the Pcfnwalbip; that he should be supplied by the Madras government with military {lores, artillc -

tand fire arms, and with a body of troops, which he would pay for, ei - in specie or by grant of lands j and that a general declaration was at the fpne time made by his vakeel, that his wiflies ever had been to cultivate d frieadihtp wish the English; that he had been deterred by caufirs which it tfas oQt neceflkry for him to point out, but that lie was now ready to nego date and to conclude a treaty of alliance and friendship. j It appears, that the governor then pointed oub the advantages of an at - u Ecemth Hyder, whose vakeel had hinted at the di appointments which his mailer had hitherto met with, to his desire of cultivating that friendfiiip, Spd he ( the governor ) attributed to that backwardneis on the part of the En~ idh, that Hyder had been impelled to fiiew inure attention to the French, tjian he otherwise would have done; and remarking upon the danger of his cementing a closer alliance with them, observed, 44 That it would be a cir - cuafiance of fatal tendency *, and almoil the only event which would endanger the Carnatic, and the fa say of the British possessions on the

On

PAR - L I AM E N T A R Y A. 1781.

On these accounts, he adrifed the measure of entering into a negotiation ! with Hyder, and to propose a meeting for that purpose with him, as the1 njott eligible method of settling the treaty. '

To these suggestions the board gave entire assent, and at thfc fame timfc agreed to acquaint the supreme council of their proceedings.

Your committee find, that in consequence of the resolutions of the board letters were written to Hyder, and a meeting proposed, with a view of mor r eafiiy accompli.. ing an agreement upon proper terms; and that Hyder in his answer, dated 3 ill July, received 16th August, informed the governor, that in trofh, a sincere friendship had fubfified from the beginning between : the company and bna, " and that he wishes to continue it; that he ftiouldf eonfider of the propblals mentioned by his vakeel; but observed, that thr great distance between them would prevent a meeting at present, which tiSl mould hope hereafter to effefl; and promised to write, when the march of his army was fixed, upon the subject of a person of consequence being feftttor his durbar.

It appears to your committee, that in the mean time, letters dated June 1778, had been received from Bengal, which communicated accounts transmjtted from Bombay, of Hyder’s friendly intercOurfe with the French; •nd that the presidency of Bombay proposed fending a resident to his durbar to endeavour to counterad their schemes, on which the governor general and council observed, that they should make no objection, if the nabob Mahomed Ally, who had a personal animoiiiy against Hyder, should consent to it.

It appears also, that the Madras council informed that of Bengal, by letter of 191b July, of the circumstances relative to the proposed alliance with Hyder, and express ' cd their opinion of the importance of securing his friend - ship, as they were oh the eve of a war with Fsance, but at the fame tiifie doubted of success in completing a desirable treaty, a9 the former government had formerly refilled his importunities to form engagements of mutual ‘srffiftance when he wanted supporr, which he, on our retiifal, had applied for and gained from other foreign powers; and therefore nothing btyt a Ve - ’ gard t6 his interefia, which point out the £ngli ( h as the mod uferul altic$ to him, could induce him to enter in o new engagements with them; and on account of the fituarion between them and Hyder, with respectto the Carnatic and the company’s possesstons on that coafi, they wife to fend a resident to his durbar from their presidency, rather than that one feould be sent from that of Bombay; and add, that they are persuaded it would be more agreeable to the nabob.

Your committee find, that in another letter, dated 2d August 1778, to the supreme council, they remark, that it would not be possible to conclude engagements with Hyder on any"other terms than mutual a fli fiance; and that the treaty of 1769 appeared to them fully to express the condition on which his friendship was now to be secured; 44 and that if that treaty had not been evaded by the former government, they did not believe that Hyder wotatd desire any new engagements at this time.. "

And your committee find, that the supreme council aiTurcd the prfcfidency 1 of Madras, by letter 14th August 1778, that they fully approved of the pro - ' gpfals for forming a new alliance with Hyder j but observed, that they musty

require

soce, as in reality, Ragonaut Kow waa not the end, but only made the means of accoroplUbing their designs in the West of India; and they therefore icfircd, that the first article roignt remain to be finally adjusted by the com muiHcations which should be received from Mr. Elliot in regard to the con dmoos he might byre conctifoed with Moodagee Boon&u

And your committee oofcrve, that accounts haring been received at Mo « ins about this time, of our rupture with France, an expedition was under taken, and, tacceeaed, for the reduction of Pondicherry; and letters dated toth October 1779. containing information of that fucccfs, were lent to the Nyfam and to Hyder, and the flatter was desired to acquaint the governor ore explicitly with his fentimems on, their intended treaty, as the Madmfi ysfidency vent m#di; wt ( bed to filed ( « oyv that they had pot an end to the peer df, the French in India ) their moderation andfincorky of frietidship to wards those, who had ' given. them proofs of their good will, and desire to lit in amity with th riv—rTbat. particularly ip regard to him, they considered am alliance between him and the company as for the interests of both, and therm fere the governor wifyed to meet him to confer with him on that subject.

And your committee find, thay Hyder returned an answer, dated 29th No renter 1778. expeetfive of his pleaCurp at the reduction of Pondicherry, end wynaised to w ite qji the subju& of ao interview with the governor when ho aid finiftied ap expedition, on which he was then engaged.

But it appears, that accounts were now received which tended to make the fiscerity of this congratulation doubtful; for your committtee fin ' d, that the filed committee of Fort Saint George had addrtfled enquiries, 4th August, •0 the chief and council of Tellichefry, about the state of Mah6, with a view rotfct on foot an expedition against h; and that Mr. Church, in hh answet of September ad, informed them, that M be waa in the country of the king of Caftinaddy, who, with the pthejr princes of the neighbourhood, were tribal tana to Hyder, atj/i th ? t there w ? a prevailing report of his having directed Apmmaffiit t e French in afe oh an attack u o them by the En iftt; and it appears, that. Mr. Church sept f urther accounts, ad December > 778, and at the ( aow time informed the board, that 300 of Hyder ’ fepoy wordin the Wttfijp at apd tha; 1. 59 Europeans had marched from thence to

September, to join the army of Hyder for whose servic they had arrived fjoip aurijtiuaii July ‘

And your Committee find, that she prelident recomtneaded on 27th No Hgaber fovqrai point for con fide rat ion, relative to their undertaking

uv expedition against Mahcand it appears that these informations occa Boned some doubts in the fried committee which met afterwards upon tbit fefcjcd, wtypher they should venture, upon this enterprise at a difhnce from the Carnatic as they might expect opposition in heir march from HyderV dependants mgjj nder hss orders; and they were led, the more to apprehend unbeing affig hu, fottef from Bombay, dated 1 arty December, that Hyder French tQ tadft hi colour in the place, flionld

. jpTjt appwjS tp yper committee, that, after many confutations, at some ifhiib Sir Xyre Cwste assisted, they became determined in their opinions, tfot the adva ug ? § mvpk exceeded the rdk, and deity was likely to bede -

ftryflnrj *

40 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

stra&ivd offuctefs, and they therefore resolved, on 7th December, to direct the attempt to be made immediately; and Sir Hector Monro was detired to •prepare an arrangement of the troops necessary, and settle the lift of ( lores 5 and that they should not wait for an answer from Hyderto a letter, which it was resolved that the governor shall write to inform him of the deiign.

And your committe find, that feon after these resolutions were made, thfe necefluy of cultivating a good undemanding with Hyder, whom the gover - •nor observed not to be pleased with the capture of Pondicherry, became A. fub ) c£l of consideration in the fe ! e < 5t committee 1 ith January 1779; anc that it was agreed to fend a resident to his durbar to negotiate a treaty with him, or in the view that at all events his teal dispofiiion and ' designs might be known, and precautions tnken on their part accordingly. V

And your committee find, that a letter was wrote to him on itfth January, in which he is sequested to admit a refidtnt at his durbar, and in the conclufibri of it is informed of the intended expedition against Mah6. ' 1

And your committee find, that a letter of instructions was given to colonel Brailhwaite on i8fh January; wherein it was observed, that from the palfiv£ conduct of Hyder Ally during the operations against Pondicherry, the board were inclined to think he had no serious intentions of affiftiiigthe French, especially now that they were at the last flake, and that therefore, on every

f found, it was warrantable to conclude that he would not break with the mglish; and that as to lecret supporron thisoccasion by means of his tributaries, colonel Braithwsiire would be ttr. ing enough to encounter thatbut at the same time, he was to be cautious not to rifle a defeat, if be hud reason to believe that Hyder should declare openly in their favour, and ' assist them with a very superior force.

It appears to your committee, that this flep became the more necessary, as the nabob now communicated intelligence of the progress of Hvdet’s arms towards the Kiftna; and that there was gTeat reason to believe, thru after reducing the Cuddepah and Kannool countries, agaitffl which he was ndwr about to march, and which, unless protected by troops from the prdtdcticy or from him, mud certainly be fubdped, he intended ' to proceed to an attack upon Nellore and the Carnatic; 1 and that he was1 determined so to do, if the English made any attempt upon Mahfc, and that he had detached a large body of horse to the frontiers for that purpose. It appears that this lift information was communicated by the nabob’s governor of ArcAt, who at the lame time reprefemtd the bad state of the fortifications at that place.

• And your committee find, that the nabob transmitted dlfo intelligence 4th February 1779, which he had received from Hyderabad, that the Bombay army had been furrouoded and made prisoners by the Marattas, which seemed to give great satisfaction to the nyfam. And it appears, that a confutation was held hereupon 5 and that the president took occasion torepresent the ( late of the treasury, and the difficulties which they should have to ( uppore an army adequate to the services for which it might be required; that me thods must be devised, and the supreme council be consulted bn that head, for securing the regular payment of the Tanjore subsidy, and of the nabob’s pefcufli, which would enable them to make great efforts; that they had ( landing army of twenty - seven thousand men; and that ' besides the charges necessary for their, support, they were burthened with the expences attending

repairs

( ^.

A 1781 DEBATES 41

repairs of fortifications, " which must not on any account be neglected, " and ' with other chargeable articles.

That these, among many other considerations, induced him to doubt, whether the expedition against Mahe, the troops being now far advanced on their route, and the fleet probably arrived at Anjengo, should be prosecuted On the one hand it was necessary to refled on the danger of a division of the forces; Hyder indeed was to be regarded as the enemy of the Marattas, and sot likely to rejoice in their success, as his own had anfen from their quarrels among themselves; that he would also have to dread, the nyfam, who was a fist fneod to the pefhwa; that those three powers were never likely to unite in alliance, and therefore the English might hope to be preferred by Hyder,

11 he could have no expeditions of fopport from the humbled power of the French, and in case of an union with him, Mahd would fall of course at any tine. On the other hand, they had expectation of being soon reinforced by lord Madeod’s regiment, and that to recede from the expedition, now that tt wu so far advanced, would have the appearance of apprebension, from the Ute bad success at Bombay; that it was also to be remembered, that the French had the islands of Mauritius and Bourbon, from which they might fend fresh forces to this country, and if Mahd was not now reduced, TcllU cherry would be in danger of being captured.

And your committee find, that Sir Eyre Coote then gave his opinion, that the troops should not be recalled, but that they should remain at Anjengo, till better information could be had of what the French were meditating, or a knowledge of Hyder’s real intentions might allow a decision with safety.

Your committee find, however, that it was resolved to prosecute thfe expe « f : tion, and to inform the supreme council of every circumstance which had occasioned and determined their confutations.

And it appears to your committee, that a letter was accordingly wrote to Bengal, on the 7th February 1779, in which it was also specified, that it would admit of no doubt that Hyder Ally at present bore no favourable incli - naiion to the English; that he was very strangly in the interest of the French, and that probably the success of the Britishi arms alone, in reducing Poudi - cherry, bad determined him to preserve a neutrality.

Your committee find, however, that this determination of Hyder was re ported to be soon altered; and that on receiving accounts of the delign against Mahe, he formed an immediate plan to go against the Carnatic, and wrote to his vakeel at Poonah, to settle a treaty of peace with the Maratta ministers; tint frequent letters, containing such and similar intelligence, particularly of great bodies of Hyder’s horse being collected on the borders of the Carnatic, were now brought from the nabob, and frequent confutations held thereupon; the general result of which was, that it would be necessary to make preparations for defence.

And your committee observe, that on the 18th February Mr. Smith, one of the members of the felcft committee delivered in a minute; in which he preshis reasons for thinking, that as at all times Hyder Ally ought to have ton considered as the natural ally of the English in those parts; so this was period in which his friendship should be particularly cultivated, and that they should allure him, in unequivocal terms, of their nncere desire to perfect apod undemanding with him. — - He advises at the same time, that " to fa -

Voi, HI *

G

cilitat *

4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

dlitate the negotiation, and fhdw Hyder we are determined to act with vigour, and to support the measure we have taken, a llrong detachment IHould be aflerabled at Vellore, under the command of an active and experienced officer, and encamped without the walls, where it would occasion little additional /expence, except the bullocks for the guns, which fho -. ihi be procured and kept in readiness, as it would be very difficult to collect : them at a ftiort warning. ’

It appears, TJiajt the, nabob also recommended the plan of drawing the fpree of the Carnatic together, and forming encampments in one or two places; for that when the alarm of the enemy’s horle should fpre. d through the country, it would be difficult to get train bullocks, coolies, and other ne ceflaries : and he declared, that he had no treasures, nor bodies of horle, which hecould hope to make an effectual relitlance against the invasion of his territories, with which the vakeel of Hyder had, in the name of his mailer, explicitly threatened him.

Your. committee find, That a declaration, 2d February, was also formally made by Hyder’s vakeel to the governor, " That he conGdered Mahe as a fittlement dependent upon his country, and that his intention were, in c ? fe of any attack upon itt to oppose it immediately, or by detaching a body of troops into the Carnatic. "

It appears. That the president, when he had reported this message to the committee, desired them to consider, whether, on this intelligence so received, of a threatened. invasion, it might hot make it prudent to fend directions to colonel Braithwaite, not to embark from Anjengo till further orders, unless be should have received such advices from Tellicherry, as might remove every idea of Hyder Ally’s designs of supporting the French at Mahe : and the committee agreeing in opinion with the president on the propriety of that ineafure, a letter to that purpose appears to have been Wrote and dispatched the lid February.

And your committee find, That the governor further observed, that Hyder meant to oppose the expedition against Mahe, and to give trouble in the Carnatic; and, 44 though he would not believe such to be his intentions, till he had more convincing proofs than any already received; yet to rest the event on his judgment, andneglectto take every precaution to giilrd again 11 so serious and alarming a circumstance, would meric the highest censure. "

And your committee find, upon the select confutations of i th February 177 9, a letter from Major Mad el lan at Tanjore; by which the board was acquainted, that the report of Hyder’s having thrown men into Mahe was without foundation—that the general opinion on the Malabar coail was, that be wss dead. —The major also hated what the force confided of, which was said to be in garrison there.

And it appears to your committee, That a letter was, in conference of this intelligence, dispatched on thar day to colonel Braithwaite, mlorming him, " that though from repeated intelligence of Hyder’s deligns, the committee had been induced to fend him the orders of 22d instant; yet, from other circmnstances which had tince been communicated, and particularly from the forwardness to which the expedition was advanced, they were bow inclined vigorouily to proceed in the execution of itand then re - i - ' r firing

A. 1781. DEBATES. 43

( ming him to his first instructions, they repeated theueoefity of dispatch,

1 that they might again hare the benefit of his forces for the defence of the

Carnatic.

It appears, That on this day aUo 3 letter, which had been agreed upott in the committee on 2 2d, at the motion of the governor, was feat by him to the nabob; in which he acknowledges the intelligence communicated by him, as a wanting to be prepared against Hyder’s designs; and allures him, that all precautions should be taken : he observes at the same time, that he ' v2$ sorry to hear of his highness’s inability to contribute towards forwarding the preparations; that it would be to reflelk severely on his government, and to judge him incapable of the foresight which prompts every wife prince to be on his guard against the worst that can happen, if he should really - sup - pose biro witbont refburces; that the company never were t > etter able to prated him against all his enemies, provided that he would furnish the assis - trace which ought to be expected from the Carnatic; that be mu ft therefore take the liberty of reminding his highness of arrears due from him, and of theneceffity he now found himself under, to call upon him for them; that1 indeed it was not possible to account for his deficiency of money, as his creditors, new and old, had received nothing from him; his troops were all in antar, the country had "been long in peace, and this season particularly fruitful; that they roust request accounts of the provisions and stores which hit highness had laid up in hit garrisons; and that he would fee his troops regularly paid, and well appointed, left, on an invasion, Hyder might be able to draw the whole, or the greatest part of them, to hb standard.

And your committee find, That the board acquainted the fopreme council, theaph February, of these transactions; and observed, that they could not say how far they might be able to avert Hyder s threatened invasion — tbit it was an alarming circumstance, from their total inability to prevent the mages of horse; and that their resources for war would be instantly cot of by their incursions; —that in the present situation of the presidencyi they most endeavour, if possible, to avoid a quarrel with Hyder; and they trailed, that by a proper firm ness with regard to the expedition to Mahfi, they would not hasten it in any degree; that they had therefore determined not torelinqmlh it on the mere threats of Hyder, though they had cautioned Colonel Braithwaite to be upon his guard against a defeat. - - They observe, tbit Hyder’s conduit called so strongly for refeutment, [ that if they could entertain a reasonable hope of support from the Carnatic, or of funds sufficient to carry on an altive war, they should certainly recommend the necessary preparations for it; but that they were not in condition with respect to re - rtntie, even to oppose any powerful attempt either of the French or Hyder p that they would however exert themselves, trusting that the difficulty of their fitnation would plead their excuse for any failures that might happen *

It appears. That on the 28th of February, a long letter, dated 23d, waa received by the governor from the nabob; wherein he states many proofs he bad given of Hyder’s enmity to them, and of attachment to the French ? and that in having advised former governors to make war upon Hyder, and

malliance with the Maratras, he had consulted only the good of his country, tad of the company; he suggests a rule of conduit for the government in the prefect circumstances, and advises, that if they would endeavour ( which he

G a hope#

44 PARLIAMENTARY A 1781 *

hopes to be their desire ) to divert Hyder from his intended attack on the Carnatic, they should use arguments of perfualion, and offer to desist from their attempt on Mah6; but if they resolved to quarrel with him, they should fortify themselves by alliances against him, and turn their first attention to the Marattas, whose friendship it might not be yet too late to secure; and although his advice on that subject had not been taken before, he wifhtd now to be employed in attempting to bring about a negotiation with them. — He expresses great apprehennon left Hyder should seize upon the Cuddepak country, which, he fays, is an appendage of the Carnatic, and that the lofa of it would be the lols of nil communication with the northward, in the same manner as it was already cut off to the weft ward; and that the whole Carnatic would be thereby blockaded.

And jour committee find a letter from the nabob, dated the ift of March 1779, in which he observes, that as he had been deiired by the governor to write to the Poonah ministry, in order to open a negotiation for a treaty between the presidency and the pefhwa, he inclosed letters which be had prepared accordingly for his approbation : And it appears, that the governor, on the 21st of May following, wrote to the nabob, acknowledging the receipt of this and several other letters from him; wherein he had given intelligence of Hyder’s hostile designs against the Carnatic, and recommended alliances with the foubah and the Marattas, for the purpose of reducing him : and it appears, that the governor in this answer informed the nabob, that as Hyder had retired from the Cuddepah country, and was marching towards Scvinga - patam, the threatened danger of invasion was at present over, without having recourse to the alliances proposed; but that as Hyder’s late proceedings might lead to a war with him, it became necessary to know what resources they should have for carrying it on; and that no doubt his highness, from the earned manner in which he had pressed an union in a general attack upon Hyder, even before he had invaded them, had well conudered the vast sums which it would require to execute such a plan, and would inform the governor what provisions he had made, nd what extraordinary supplies could be depended on from him.

Your committee will here remark to the House, That they have found many letters from the nabob, containing papers of intelligence relative to the continual augmentation of Hyder’s forces, and his threats of employing them against the possessions of the English and the Carnatic, because of the attack on Mah6. But your committee conceive, that there could be no evidence more strong, to persuade the presidency of Madras, of what Hyder disposition and intentions were, than his own letters on that subject, and any acts of hostility which he appears to have begun or incited against them; and therefore your committee think it proper chiefly to make use of these testimonies for the information of the house on this head; and they point out a letter from Hyder to the governor, dated the 17th of February, in which he fays, 4t I fee what you write concerning the French factory of Mahe : in my country there are factories belonging to the English, Dutch, Portuguese, Danes, and French, and besides, there are many merchants there who are considered as my subjects; if any one entertains designs against those factories, I will, without doubt, take the best and most considerable methods to give them assistance. "

' And

DEBATES.

A. 1781.

4 *

And your committee find. That another letter was received from Hyder, the 7th of April 1779, in which he complains of violences committed on his people at the frontiers, by killedars or the Carnatic; that he had before complained of them in vain; butt4 that out of friendship for the King of England, and the gentlemen of the council, he had as yet taken no step to retaliate the injury. "

He again repeats what he had before wrote about the expedition against Mahe, and of the assistance which he should give to those whom he considered as his subjects; and adds, " that the gotemor and the geotlemep of the council were acquainted with this, and at any rate would aft as they &ould think proper#

It appears that an answer was returned to thi9 letter by the governor, dated the 19th of April; in which he expresses his surprize on perusing Hyder ’ a letters, and on hearing the message delivered by his vakeel, 44 that he would oppose any attempt made upon Mahe to the utmost of his power that he did suppose, if Hyder thought it necessary to interfere in our quarrel with the French, that he would take part with the English, not against themthat he had never heard of any irregularity committed in Hyder’s country by the nabob’s people, but that they should have been punished, had he been made acquainted with their offence.

He declares, that it bad been the constant aim of his government to pro note a good understanding with Hyder, from a full conviction that it was for die mutual interest of the company and his Circar, that the friendship fub - sifting between them should be perpetual; but that if he ( Hyder ) persevered in the conduct which he had observed of late, it did not appear how it could be much longer maintained; that the company and their allies were suffi deetly powerful to avenge every kind of injury that might be offered to them; tbit they would not be the aggressors in any quarrel; but once provoked into hostilities, they would not fail to exert all their strength to punish the Mender.

That there was reason to complain of Hyder’s conduct in reducing Mo rarowrow, who had been included in the treaty of 1769 as a friend of the Cirnatic; and reason also to complain of his proceedings against Cuddcpah and Kannoul.

That it was reported he had some designs a gain ft Bazalet June, which made it necessary that he should be informed of engagements of friendship entered into between the company end Bazalet, and of their bavin ? promised to assist him in the defence of his country; and that it was therefore hoped be would lay aside any intentions he had formed against him.

And yonr committee find. That Colonel Braithwaite succeeded without difficulty in his enterprize against Mahe, which surrendered on the 19th of March, a day or two after his arrival before it; that he informed the board at the feme time of his intention to fend back part of the troops, which he hoped would reach the presidency in three weeks, and that he found it necessary to detain the rest of the detachment, " because of the reports of Hyder’s troops coming. "

And your committee define to refer the House to the Appendix. No. 3 ^, where are subjoined such letters from and to Colonel Braithwaite, relative

to

PARLIAMENfARt A. 1781.

to bie proceedings at Mahe, and on that part of the Ma&bar coast as appear to contain any information, by which the designs of Hyder ' might be discovered.

And yourcommitte will here only observe, That they find by these letters, t at the Colonel soon discovered the nairs and petty princes of the neighbourhood to be difaifefted to Hyder, which induced him to propose an advice u > the presidency, that should it be their plan to make any attack upon that prince, they should direct it particularly to those quarters where he was most vulnerable; and he thought, that even if the corps he commanded might be allowed to remain in those parts, it would be a. great check upon Hyder ’ projects; that he believed his expressions of anger on account of the expedition against Mahe, arofefrom his fear that the English would protect hie revolting dependants, and likewise because be used to receive his supplies of ' ammunition and military stores through that port. The French, however, he laid, greatly complained - of him; and Monsieur PiCot, the late commandant, allured the colonel that he had promised to fend 34, 000 troops t < r Mahe, of whom 8, boo were to have been horse, to scour the country.

Your committee find, however, that the Colonel was directed by the government of Madras not to interfere in any disputes between Hyder and the nairs, or any of the country powers, whom he h$d repsciented as earned; to acknowledge their submission to the company, and united in a design to revolt against their own prince. '

It appears indeed, that the disposition of these people had shewn itself by sharks of open rebellion; and that Hyder’s governor of Calicut was in great:

apprehensions for that place, which was befteged by them, and ! that tho company’s rdident had been ordered to quit it at a very Aon notice.

And your committee find, that large bodies of Hyder’s troops came dosro at last and relieved it, and fixed themselves also in redoubts all round Mab&v suid di - ft relied it much, for want of provifiqns, which they would not fufier to be carried in, though they proceeded to no other act of direct hostility but talked with much anger ' in their camp of the assistance given to the revolted from TeilLherry. The nairs themselves, finding they were not to - expect support from Col. Braithwaite, soon submitted to Hyder, and began ' to infeft, and fkirmifti with, the tnglish troops.

And your committee find, that Col. Braithwaite, having received order *

to fend his detachment to Surat, where it was to join General Goddard, he evacuated Mahe on the 29th of November, after the stores were shipped and the fort blown up and that Hyder’s sardar of Calicut immediately took pof ftilion of the ruins, and lodged some troops with twelve guns, on the Mount —that the Color, el, on his arrival at Tellicherry, found itinvefted by the nairs; and having observed that every act of Hyder’s tributaries and managers shewed them to be open iniiigarors of this attack, he wrote to the prei - fidencv, that he had thought it prudent to re land the troops, and to remain there for the prote&ion of the place; complaining greatly at the same time of the gentlemen of the council, who, as he bad been well informed, had done many things to irritate Hyder’s government, without providing in any ibape for their own defence. And it appears that his conduct was approved of by the Madras Board, who instructed him, however, to detach the Ea ropcan corps to join General Goddard, while he should remain himself with

A. 1781. DEBATES. 47

the fepoys, till he should think the danger removed; and they desired, that

if any just cause of offence had been given either to the nair or to Hyder, it should be instantly reraovedf M for that it was highly necessary in their present situation to avoid atl occasions of adding to their enemies. "

And your commute will now deiire to direct the attention of the House to another source, from which intelligence seems to have been drawn of Hyder ' a dispofltiona and designs against the company and their posseifluns in India.

It appears, that the select committee of Fort St. George, in a letter of a jd April 1779 informed the supreme council, that they had received intel&t gence of Hyder ' s bavjqg completed a conquell of the Quddepah countiy9 and that he was proceeding to make an attack, upon the territories of Bazalef Jung, whose vakeel had expressed, in his mailer ' s name, the strongeit ap prehen ( ion of that event; that he had also written threatening letters to the zemindars of Veoeatagerry and Caleflry, who are tributaries to the nabob f that in confluence of their negotiations with Bazalet Jung, they had refblvr ed to fend, for the prote&ion of his country, three battalions of fepoys, pnf company of artillery, and fix - field ' pieces; and they remarked, " that Hy der’s proceedings in that quarter, had add d greatly to his power, and giyeq a much more easy a cess to the Carnatic than he had done before j that they were of opinion, that immediate, measures ftjould be taken tq compel him tq retreat back within his former limits, or if necessary, to reduce him totally; for there was every reason to conclude, from the language he held, and from the qature of his proceedings, that he would very ftiortly draw into hoftiiities, in which case it would be highly - expedient that they should prepare to act defen lively. "

And your committee think it incumbent on them, in this place, to lay before the House such papers as will briefly inform them of the nature and purpose of those negotiations, whith the presidency of Fort St. Georgeap - pear to have entered into with Ballet Jung; but your committee do not mean at present to make any remarks on the political propriety or expediency of them.

And your committee find, that on the 10th July 1778, the president bating observed to the council, that great inconvenience arose trom the open - log which the French had of introducing troops and military {lores to th#t part of the coast, by raeansof the port of Mootapillee, in the Guntoor CircaC to which the company had a reverslonary right; and having observed also, that the French ahead there had much influence with Bazalet Jung, ( who, it appears, was in possession of that Circar under grant for life, from his brother Nyfam ul Dowlah, subah of the Decan, ana under articles not to dispose of it without his brother ' s confect ) prnposed to take measures for getting that port at least immediately into their bands; and having recalled to the remembrance of the council, that a tormer ineffe£hial application had been made to the nyfam, he now advised that they should address them fslves directly to Bazalet, and inform the nyfam, by letter, of the motives for their doing so.

But it appears to your committee, that in the month of November following the president informed the fele& committee, that Bazalet ' s vakeel bad flgnifled to him, his mailer ' s strong desire of obtaining marks of the company ' s favour, which be was willing to purchase, by giving them the

Guntoo

4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

Gtintoor Circar at rent on certain terms; which the governor then laid before them, and at the same time he presented other articles, which he thought hlmfelf should be made essential to any agreement; the chief effect of which was, that the company should keep a body of troops, to be paid Out of the revenues of the Circar, for the sole purpose of defending Bazalet Jung’s dominions, and not to be employed out of them; and that he ( Ba£a - let Jung ) should consent to discharge and disarm the French then in his fcr - vice. —It appears, that the committee approved of the amended articles, and directed them to be communicated to the vakeel, and by him to his matter; it appears that a treaty was concluded on these terms with some trifling alterations, and that the French under the command of Moufleur Lally were dismissed, and were afterwards taken into the service of the nyfam.

And your committee find, that on a 2d April 1779, an application wat tnade by Bazalet Jung, for the stipulated support 6f troops on account of a threatened invasion of his country by Hyder Ally; and that there was ade ? taChment sent accordingly to Mootapillee from Madras, under the command of Colonel Harper, who was instructed, that it to be employed in the defence and protection of Bazalet Jung’s territories, and for the support of his government; and that he was to march by the shortest and moll expeditious route to Adone or Rachour, as Bazalet might appoint.

And your committee find, by several letters from Colonel Harper, that he inarched from hAootapiilee to lnnaconda; and that intending to purfuet his route towards Adone, through the Cuddepah country, which had been lately conquered by Hyder Ally, he gave notice to Hyddr’s zemindars on entering it; but that he found the partes defended by a barrier, and a large body of mfcn belonging to Hyder, who oppoted his march, and obliged him to fall back to lnnaconda on the 14th August 1779.

And your committee find, that a letter was thereupon written, 26th August 1779, to Hyder, by the governor of Madras; in which he complained of the opposition made to the passage of the troops through a part of the distri£fc of the Cuddepah country; and observed, that it was the invariable practice of all powers, who lived in a rtate of friendship and peace, to let their troops pass and repass through their territories; and that he was willing to perfuSde himself, that Hyder ' s managers acted on this occafien without their matter ’ knowledge or authority.

But it appears to your committee, that the Nabob, on the 24th August, communicated to the governor a letter which he had received from Bazalet Jung’s durbar. Hyder, in his letter, expressed himself in terms of great displeasure, that the Guntoor should be given up to the English; who, he said, ought oot to be allowed a footing in that part of the country, and wished that his killedars might be permitted to rent it, and that then nobody would dare to attack that Circar. He concludes his letter in the following words : 44 it is not in my power to consent to his excellency’s giving up the Guntoor Circar to my old and bitter enemies, for it joins to my country. If the English are put in possesskm, his excellency and 1 cannot agree. You, fir, will explain all this in a proper manner to his excellency, and get his leave to come to me in order to settle this affair.

44 What are the English, whose name gives so much alarm to the people of this country ? How did I encounter them when I was at war with them

How

i

A. 1781. D E B - Ac - T E S

How often were they not defeated by my vi&orioos troops ? This is well known to every body. Why should, they be so much afraid that their pro - tc&on should be solicited

If his excellency and I are joined, we shall ( land in fear of no one. ’ *

And it appears that Bazalet discovered great apprehensions on account of this letter, and great impatience to have. Colonel Harper and his detach sent with him.

And your committee find, that Colonel Harper received a reinforcement of troops from Madras, but that he was; long prevented from Renewing his march tironir I anaconda by the want of provisions and money; and that he waa urged to proceed as quickly as possible, both by Bazalet Jung and by the Madras council, who, being dilpleased with this delay, bad, upon his offer to resign tho command, appointed Colonel Baillie to succeed to it. But it appears that Colonel Harper having at iaft Cet out on his march, he was iiopt by orders from Bazalet Jung $ who caused him to be informed, that Hyder Ally had threatened to defiroy his country, himself, and family, if he did not specdijy discontinue all correspondence with the Knglish; and that the nyfara, his brother, had wrote to Hyder, and desired that they might jointly prevent the fenglish from enteringIris territories; that Hyder bad fenc some troops, and taken possession of all the open country, and con7 fioed him in his capital; and that the nyfam, apprised of Bazalet Jung ' s fixuazion, had wrote to him, that if he would renounce all concerns with the English, and regain possession of the Guntoor Circar, he would refiore him to those countries which Hyder had seized on; and that if the English did oot immediately comply,;. nd march out of the country, that he ( the a f ( m ) would bellow the said Circar upon Hyder, and that they would jointly extirpate the Eoglish from the whole Carnatic; and that, in such cir - cumfiance ?, he ( Bazalet ) had been obliged to submit.

And it appears, that Bazalet Jung complained, that he had given tun bars in the Guntoor Circar for the payment of those troops, which he ( till retained; but on producing the tunkars to Lieutenant Douglas, who com flumded for the company in the Guntoor, he would not permit any collection to be made; which gave great uneasiness to him, as his troops would nor march against the enemy without receiving their pay.

It appears to your committee, that the governor bad wrote to Bazalet Jung on the nth November, to allure him, that the troops should march as soon as possible to his relief, and to acquaint him, that the Guntoor was pot under the management of the nabob, who had been requeued to give orders that the balances should be accounted for to him in the mod expeditious manner possible.

And your commute find, that the select committee having taken these accounts into consideration, resolved, aoth November, to order the detach ment to return to Innaconda, and to inform Bazalet Jung of their concern for the necessi y he found himself - under, of concluding terms with the ayfaxn, as the troops were actually on their march to support bim. But that, notwithstanding the feci rcum fiances, they considered the treaty between the company and him to be Hill in force; and that he might command the tffi&ance of their troops at any future time that he should require it; and Vol. HL H that

SO PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

that the revenues of the Guntoor Circar should be faithfully applied to maintain a force for that purpose, agreeably to the treaty.

And your committee find, that the nabob, on the £th of December, transmitted to the governor a letter from Bazalet Jung; wherein Bazalet re. presented the necemty he was under of requiring the restoration of the Guntoor Circar, for fear of the resentment of the nyfam and Hyder Ally.

But it appears to your committee, that instructions were agreed upon by the select committee, and sent to Colonel Baillie, 30th December 1779 ;

that it would be necessary for him to be upon his guard, in case of any attempts being made against the Guntoor Circar—that he should only prated their present pofiemons, and not ad offensively against any power without positive orders; but that he was impowered, in case of any movement towards the Guntoor Circar, either from the nyfam or Hyder Ally, to call for the fepoys under Lieutenant Douglas, and for as many fepoys as could be spared from the Mazulipatam district"

And your committee find, that a letter, dated 31ft December, was wrote by the governor to Bazalet Jung, expressiveof concern at his misfortunes, and the accidental causes of them, by the delay of the march from 1 anaconda; and reminding him, that application had been frequently made in vain to the nyfam, for giving up the Guntoor Circar to the company; that at last they had got poilession of it by his ( Bazalet Jung’s ) voluntary offer, and that therefore every thing had been properly concluded; that the troops bad been delayed at his desire, that they should remain on the borders of the Guntoor, or should go into quarters, if he had no further use for them.

Your committee having thus laid before the House, very briefly, some strong tokens of Hyder’s discontent, and purpose of resentment, which seem to have discovered themselves immediately from the two causes of the expedition to MahC, and the affair of the Guntoor Circar, they will proceea to examine, and produce for the information of the House, such measures as appear to have been taken to gain a more certain account of his dispositions ana designs.

And your committee find, That on the 23d October, the president informed the feled board, that he had pursued a method which he had thought it incumbent upon him to conceal, even from their knowledge, in the view of founding the real intentions of Hyder; whose letters and messages, since. they had undertaken the expedition against Mahe, and formed an alliance with Bazalet Jung, had been couched rn terms so hostile and unfriendly, that he could hardly believe they were genuine productions of Hyder. He suspected the informations of the nabob, from his well known enmity to Hyder, and he doubted whether the vakeel might not have been tempted to pervert, or exceed, the intentions of his mailer, especially as there appeared no reason why he should quarrel with the presidency, and bring on a war so contrary to his true interests. He had therefore thought it expedient to fend a person privately to Hyder, with a letter from himself, desiring an explicit ' declaration; and that theanswerhehad received gave him too much reason to apprehend that Hyder’s intentions were really hostile, both against the pompany and the Carnatic; and it became necessary for the committee to guard, as much as po&ble, against the consequences *

A. 1781. DEBATES 51

It appears tint in his first letter, Hyder refers to another for a full answer to that of the president; and obfenres further, that Mr. Swartz would acquaint him with several matters he had charged him with.

Your committee must here remark, that they have not discovered any entry of further information from Mr. Swartz relative to the several matters ha was charged with.

It appears that the president’s letter was dated nth June 1779, and that it contained an account of the motive which indnced him to fend Mr. Swartz, it he feared that designing people might have been at pains to disturb the friendship which both had at heart from taking place; and he therefore acquainted him, that, if he was desirous to enter into the bonds of friendship with the company, he might pot an entire reliance on the person who was lent, and who would communicate every particular to him— - that nothing would tend more to the cement of their friendship, than an interview, in which he might iffy re Hyder perfooally of thefi nceri ty of his intentions, and use the moil proper expedients to render their friendship lading.

It appears that Hyder, in his answer, begins with a remark, ' That before, when a friendship, confirmed by a solid treaty, subsisted between the company and him, he imagined that it would increase daily, and not have been broke through; which he considered it to be by the expedition to Make, and the fending troops to Bazalet Jung, and that he conceived there waa a determination to break with him at all events.

" That out of confederation for the friendship of the King of England and the company, whom he had considered as one, but now thought otherwise, he had not yet taken revenge. "—His conchtfion is in these words 1 " It is no matter ! —But if you, henceforth forgetting all treaties and engagements c£ the company, dill are intent on breaking with me, what advantage can attend writing to you ? You are acquainted with every thing; it is right to act in all things with prudence and foresight. ’ 9

It appears that the committee, on hearing these letters read, agreed in opinion concerning the designs of Hyder, and resolved immediately to acquaint the governor general and council of their sentiments and to write to General Goddard, hoping that a knowledge of their situation might induce him to make peace with the Marattas.

It appears that a letter, dated 30th October 1779, to that purpose, wan immediately dispatched to General Goddard, informing him alto the force at Mah& > which was ordered to obey his requisition to join him—and that no greater succour could at present befpared from their own establishment.

It appears also, that a letter was dispatched on the fame day, 30th October, to Bengal, wherein your committee find the following observations succeeding an account of Hyder s preparations, and of a probable rupture with, himu A war with Hyder, let the event be ever so successful on our pars > would distress the Carnatic beyond measure, and prove a moll expensive burthen on the company; we sincerely hope, therefore, that General Goddard may conclude a treaty with the Marattas, and thereby free the company from the neccfihy of engaging with the two most powerful statesof India at die fame time; which wifi probably be the case if he fails in his negotiation : Should we be at peace with the Marattas, Hyder will be afraid to disturb us, for, exclusive of our strength, which he could then have no hope of

refitting.

s PARLIAMENTARY A. 178U

refitting, the determined enmity which the Maratras bear him would induce him rather to court our friendship than to provoke us into hostilities; and this is precisely the slate wherein only we can expelt to preserve that tranquillity in the Carnatic, which is so oeceflary to the affairs of the company at all times, but especially at this junlture 99 ' And your committee find, that Mr. Smith, at the felelt committee of 1 ith November 1779, delivered in a minute on the general situation of affairs, arising from the probability of an approaching rupture with Hyder, whom be considered as by far the ijjoft powerful and dangerous of any of the country princes, and represented in a Strong light all his advantages of power, riches, and ability; and foresaw that the reducing him mutt be attempted fqootr or later. He thought a war could not be avoided, because Hyder had manifested his intentions to provoke it, and that it being therefore necessary tQ consider a plan for their future conduct, he ventured to fuggett the necessity of laying their account that an army Should be in the field in January,

' and every hous employed in making necessary preparations; he would advile the committee to Strengthen the detachment under Colonel Harper, that it might be abletor Slop Hyder’s progress in those parts, and recommended the colielting a Strong body of troops immediately to be cantoned at Conjeveram or Vellore.

It appears that the committee were of opinion, that they had taken the only Slep in their power, by writing to the supreme council, and colielting their troops together as much as pottible; and that their future conduit muS depend upon what the gentlemen of Bengal might determine—that they can pursue no active measures whatever, being entirely without the resources necessary for putting aconsiderable. hody of men into the field.

Your committee think it proper to observe in this place, that it appears, by a letter from Sir EyreCoote, dated ad April 1779, from Bengal to the felelt committee of Foft St. George, that fie bad dated to the governor general and council the necefiuy there wa6 of fending them a supply in some degree adc - _ quate to the great cxpeuce they were at, and the difficulties they would ' certainly be reduced to for want of a treasury, Should Hyder put his threats in execution by entering the Carnatic; and that the governor general and council had agreed to fend them fifteen lacks of rupees.

And your committee find, that in conseq ’. enc of accounts from General Goddard and from Bombay, that hostilities were likely to take place with the Maratras, the felelt committee of Fort St, George address another letter, ' November 10th, to Bengal, repeating their expectation of an attack from Hyder, whole great preparations they continually hear of, and whose force atpresentis feid toconfift of 30, 000 Sepoys and 20, 000 horse; and that Should he enter the Carnatic, it would be out of their power to prevent the ravages of his horse, which would greatly injure their revenues—That they w‘ ( h to know in time what afftttance they may depend upon, in order to take measures accordingly—They propose, as the best plan in case of being compelled to all against Hvder, to carry the war into his country, by fending a considerable force to Mangalore by sea, from which they might very easily inarch to Seringapatam, and be more readily supplied with provisions, while engaged in beSieging it, than they could while defending the capital of the Carnatic—They observe, that the detachment font to protclt BazaJct Jung,

and

A. 1781. DEBATES. £3

and that ordered to join General Goddard, made no incogsiderable part of their troops; and that their remaining force, except by the king ' s regiment expected from Europe, would be by rvo means adequate to the various serv ices required from them, and they therefore itill hoped to hear of accommodation with the Marattas, as they could not suppose the defigried proposals which they bad seen would be finally rejected by the Poouah ministry, unless iome new reqnifittoos were added io them.

It appears, however, to your committee, That the nabob conmunicated at this time to the governor, intelligence of a treaty between Hyder and the Marattas, and acceded to by the nyfiun, for uniting their forces, and commencing a general attack upon the company’s possessions.

And your committee find, That the governor, in his answer to the nabob, allures him, that in the first place such an alliance is highly improbable, and could hardly be effe < 3ed, but that at any event he hopes, with the support which his highness is capable of affording, that the company would be able to prott& him again# all the powers of Hindostan.

But it appears to your committee, That fresh accounts arrived from Poo Bah, which gave force to the rumours before communicated by the nabob; and many particulars were now related of the terms on which Hyder had made peace with the Marattas, and of the plan for carrying on war again# the English in every part of India; and your committee find. That the pre - fident paid attention to it in his minute of the 30th of December, wherein he coo fide rs means to secure the neutrality of the foubah. And it appears, that the fele& committee inclosed this intelligence in a letter to Bengal, da ted the 31st of December, in which they thus expressled themselves, " It is beyond doubt, that a treaty of peace and alliance has taken place between Hyder and the Marattas. "

And your committee find, That on accounts brought from Tellicherry, dated the 9th of December, that the troops bad not been able to proceed from thence to join General Goddard, the president proposed to fend a rein - forcement to him from the presidency, notwithstanding the critical situation of their own affairs, because he thought it necessary for the purpose of ob « tuning peace with the Marattas, that the company’s force there should be made as reipe&able as possible; and as they themselves daily expc&ed Lord Madeod’s regiment at Madras, " they would be enabled to form a sufficient army to cover the principal garrisons in the Carnatic; and that as to the open country, they coaid not pretend, with infantry only, to protect it against the numerous horse of Hyder Ally, ihoold he make an irruption into it/ — The president’s proposal was approved of; and Captain Panton, of the Sea Horse, was desired to convey the troops by sea to Surat.

And your committee find such to have been the situation of affairs under die presidency of Fort St. George, at the end of the year 1779, in respect to their expectations of hoftilicies with Hyder Ally.

And your committee find. That the governor font a letter on the sift of January 1780, to the court of directors, in which he observes, that every thing was quiet in the Ca/natic; that nothing mateiial had happened since the lait dispatch, though they had been kept in continual alarm, from various reports of the hostile intentions of Hyder and the nyfam; the former, in coxtsequence of g treaty which it was confidently affirmed ( and scarcely

admitted

54 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

admitted of a doubt ) he had entered into with the Maratta state, and the latter from the friendship which had long subsisted between him and the infant pefhwa, and; minilters at Poonah—That Hyder had hitherto contented himself with extending his conquests to the northward, and had not yet invaded any part of the nabob’s possessions; and that every thing had been done, on the part of their government, to keep him quiet at so critical a juncture; and that, from the advance of the season, without any movement having been made by him towards the Carnatic, he was inclined to think they should remain in peace, especiatly as the very seasonable arrival of the fleet with the troops would have a powerful effect in preventing any defigtt of an invasion, if such had been seriously intended.

The governor also mentions the reinforcement which they had sent to join General Goddard, notwithstanding their apprehenftons of the nyfam "and Hyder; and that it had left the coast on the nth instant—that the troops from Mah£ had also orders to join him; and that the 8th battalion of fepoys would embark from Pondicherry in a few days for the fame purpose.

He observes also. That be had sent his considerations upon the present political slate of the company in India, of which your committee do not think it proper in this place to take any further notice than by ioferting the introductory page, which is as follows:

" The measures lately pursued at Bengal and Bombay, in support of, Ragonaut Row, having drawn on the company the resentment of the Maratta state, given offence to Nizam Ally Cawn, who is in friendship with that state, and a declared enemy to Ragonaut Row, and opened the way to a rupture with Hyder Ally, by promoting peace between him and the Ma - rattas, and leaving him at liberty to execute the threats which he has de - ' nounced against the Carnatic, it is become a matter of serious importance with he company, to consider how they may belt avert the evils that fur - round them, and what line of conduit it may be proper to adopt for establishing their affairs in future upon a solid and permanent footing.

And your committee find, by another letter from Sir Thomas Rumbold, dated the 7th of February 1780, that " he could speak with confidence, that there was no likelihood, at that time, of any troubles on that fide of India; as Hyder Ally had lately released some gentlemen who had been detained by his officer on the Malabar Coast; and as he had remained till that time at Seragapatnam, and withdrawn some troops he had to the northward. "

And your committee find, in a felell letter from Fort Saint George, dated the 3d of April 1780, several observations on the growth of power and importance of Hyder Ally, and of his contests with the Marattas, who " seeing no profpeli of relief from their wars with the English, were forced to conclude a treaty with Hyder, which they made offensive, that they might have the benefit of his assistance ajrainst them. "

And your committee also fiod in this letter, an account of the transactiona relative to the Guntoor Circar, and of the necessity which Bazalet Jung had represented himself to be under, of requiring the march of the troops to be. flopped, and that the Circar should be delivered back to him by orders from the presidency of Fort Saint George—that they had complied with the first request; but that as they had done every thing in their power to fulfil the

agree -

C

A. 17 1. DEBATES. 55

agreement, they deemed it by no means incumbent on them to deliver up the Circar, and more especially, as they had so much reason to believe that distri& would, in that case, have been given to Hyder—that they had therefore promised to account for the rent, and after deducting the expences for their troops employed in his service, to remit the surplus, and had given him assurance, that he might call for that body of troops whenever the situation of hit affaire ( botild require ir.

They observe, That they indeed considered It as a fortunate circomffance for the company, that their troops were not required to proceed to Adorn, as, from the part taken by Hyder Ally, there was reason to fear they might have embroiled themfehres with him; and that indeed, having been aware of that at the time of the first proposals for a treaty with Bazaler, they should not hare agreed to them but from the expediency of procuring the difouliion of the French troops—and that they should now wish to take any opportunity of annulling the defensive articles in the treaty ( continuing dill to hold the Circar at reot ) and thereby of freeing themselves from the only embarralT - ment which could attend that connexion.

They mention the appointment of Mr. G - - - Gray to go to Hyder

Ally, to sollicit the release of some Englifti gentlemen, and that he had set out oo the 14th of January, but before he reached Syringapatam, Hyder had released them— - that Mr. Gray, however, ' proceeded, and delivered this letter to Hyder, and at the fame allured him or their disposition to cultivate friendship and good underffanding with him—that Hyder made but an in different return to rhefe overtures, seemed neither desirous of their friend - ship, nor did he treat Mr. Gray with civility - —that Mr. Gray returned with a letter from Hyder, whteh would be found in the country correspondence of that year.

They conclude this subject with observing, that from that letter, and from one from Mr. Gray, the court would be able to judge clearly of Hyder’s real disposition towards them; and they remark, that his insolent conduit could only be encouraged by their present troubles with the Marattas.

Your committee muff here remark to the House, That the books of con *, filiations, and of the countnr correspondence of the presidency of Fort Saint George, from the 3iff or December 1779, to the 2d of April 1780, were loss on board the General Barker, which was caff away on the coaff of Holland, and that no duplicates had been brought in the other ships which failed from Madras at the same time, so that your committee have not been able to gain any further account than they have already given of the trans - actions relative to Hyder Ally during that period.

But your committee find that Sir Edward Hughes, in a letter dated Madras Road the 5th of April 1780, to Lord Viscount Weymouth, observes, M that if any judgment can be formed of Hyder Ally’s intentions from the language he holds, they muff be extremely hostile to the British intereffs and in support of his observstion, he encloses a copy of the letter mentioned above from Hyder Ally to Governor Rumbold; and by this means your committee have an opportunity of laying it before the House, which we think it proper to do at length, because it contains his explicit complaints against the company’s servant on several grounds, and as far back as the treaty of

769 *

j6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

Cojy of a Litter from Hyder Ally to Governor dated 1 ltb Rubby at Amel

1194 Hcg, or 19/6 1780.

441 had the pleasure of receiving your letter by means Mr, George Gray,

and I under ft and the contents thereof, as also the tepresentations of the above gentleman, t

44 When Chunda Cau n and the French formerly invested the fort of Tri - chonopoly, the proroifea and engagement ' s you then made have not been performed on your part; afterwards the governor and council concluded a treaty, of friendship between me and the company; the substance of which was as follows : they would cpnfider those who are my friends or enemies, to be friends or enemies to them, and tha£ wt should mutually assist each other when circumstances required. 1 allured myself that the company would not swerve from their engagements.. The treaty above alluded to you will have in your poiTelHon *. and which you ’ ll pie ale to peruse. At the time of the war between me and the Marattas, although I did not Hand in need of your assistance, yet, in order to know whether you regarded your engagements, I repeatedly requeued you to fend me afmall body of troops, pursuant to your promises; but you then omitted to fend them. Some time ago you wrote me you would assist Bazalet Jung with troops, and you did so accordingly ? nd a fkirmifti happened between ipy troops and thofeof yours; befldps this yours and my boundaries bordering on one another, from Dingadet to Cudda - pah, frequent disturbances arise from the people, on your fide. The commandant of Tcllicherry in particular has afforded protection to the nairs belonging to mv country, and has given refuge to their families within his bounds, has supplied them with arms and ammunition, and incited them to raise disturbances in my territories, and they have plundered a country worth 20 lacks of rupees, and are still continuing to ravage it.

44 When such improper conduct is pursued, what engagements will remain inviolate ? 1 leave it to the judgment of you and your counsel to determine, on whose part the engagements and promises have been in ringed. *

. 44 Edward Hughes. "

And your committee find, upon the feled confutations of fort Sr. George of the 24th April 1780, a letter from Bombay; wherein was inclosed one from Hyder Ally to the governor of that presidency, received by him Febuary the ift 1780; in which Hyder acknowledged the receipt of a letter from the governor, and acquaints him, that, agreeable to his request, he had released the English gentlemen and their families, but that he bad many causes of quarrel ( which he enumerates ) with the governor of Madras; and that he had given orders to his officers to take care of themselves, and to light with the English people upon their entering his country; that no difpu; e bad come between the governor of Bombay and him; but that14 upon the people who occasioned unjust quarrels, he resented them. *

A letter of the 9th May, f om Major Cotgrave ( who succeeded Colonel Braithwaite in the command at Tellichcrry ) informed the felcdt committee that the nairs continued to invest that place, and that he was convinced they were not only encouraged, butaflifted by Hyder.

And your committee find, that Loid Macleod, in several letters, and particularly in one of ift June, made complaint to the felcdt committee, of wane

of

A. 1781. D E B ' A T E S; 57

of proTifions for hit troops; of ill treatment from the nabob ' s fepoys; and driefiy of the quarters, in winch his men were so much crowded, that great danger to their lives was to be apprehended from itand it appears, that; Major Maule was hereupon ordered to give an account to the lielell committee, why he had not begun the barracks.

And your committee find, that on Tath June 1780, the feted committee resolved to order the detachment under Colonel Baillie to remove into the ' Gontoor Circar, 44 because, there being various reports of Hyder Ally’s movements and designs, it would be proper to have those troops on this fide the K ' tftna, in case of any disturbance in the Carnatic w And that, on the iqth June, a letter from Colonel Lang, dated at Vellore nth June, was read by the feled committee 5 in which he gave intelligence, of Hyder Ally’s march from Syringapatam, and of the great force he had col -, tested at Bengalore, and at the same time were read other letters, containing the like information.

And your committee find, that on this occasion Mr. Johnson delivered in a minute, to which Mr. Smith subscribed; in which they fuggC/fc the grealP, expediency of making preparations to refill the hostile dengn of Hyder Ally J aid of deliberating on measures for reinforcing the garrilons, and for kc£p - iftgup a force at lead sufficient to guard the company’s and the nabob’s pofr. lemons, if they should not be able to maintain an army in the field.

They advised, that an exalt return of ( lores and provisions should Be orAef - edt and then observed, 44 that the general was the bfcft judge of the present ' disposition of the army, and how far it might be expedient to have the Eu ropeans divided. ",. /t -

And yoor committee find, that the felell committee of Port St. George, in a letter, dated xtth June 1780 to the governor general and counci f, 1 inform ’ them, that Hyder Ally bad constantly kept up an intercourse with the tench governor at the Islands; that he had received great quantity of military nom thence; that his forces ( which he had been increasing for thro years ' pail ) were now equipped for immediate service; that part or them were ac mally advanced to the frontiers of the Carnatic, and intelligence was ' received ( hat he was employing people to clear the road leading to one of the priA cipalpafles; that in case or an invasion, they would all in the be ( l manner : they could 5 but much feared their difficulties would be great for want money.

And your committee find, that the commandant at Tiagar represented, 5n a letter of id July, to the general, the defenceless ( late of that place, which being in the ammty to the pafles, was liable to an early attack in case of at irruption of the enemy. '

And it appears, that Mr. Smith delivered in a minute, oh 17th July, to thef feted committee; wherein he very ( Irongly urged the necessity of shaking off that supineness and inactivity in which they had hitherto remained, and at preparing themselves to meet the attack of Hyder. which now seemed una - ‘ voidable; and he fuggefis a plan for immediate defence, till a larger army could, if necessary, be assembled. 4

And your committee find, that information was brought from the comman der at Amboor, on the aid July, that Hyder, his two fons, and the bed part Vot Hi, X of

5 ? PARLIAMENTARY 1781 *

of his arm7were oomc through the pats, and that his artillery was drawn up in the road to Chaneama j and that all the people of the valley were fled.

And by a letter, dated 13th October, from Lord Macleod to the secretary at war, it appears, that bout the 20th July, advices arrived at fort St. George from different quarters, that Hyder Ally had invaded the carnatic with a powerful army; but that no attention was paid by the people in power to that intelligence, which they treated with contempt—That the evening of the 23d, however, put the invasion beyond a doubt, even with the government; for certain intelligence was then received, that Porto Novo on the sea coaff, and Conjeveram, not fifty miles from the capital, had been plundered by the enemy.

Ydur committee having thus fiated the intelligence received by the prefi - dency of Madras, of Hyder Ally ' s intention to invade the Carnatic; his manner of invading it, and the various events that happened, and measures that were taken in consequence of that invasion; they will now proceed to report to the House, the result of their inquiries on several other points, which are necessary, in their opinion, for the information of the House, tl ? ? t they may be the better able to judge of thecaufes of those misfortunes to which the British possessionton the coast of Coromandel have of late been exposed.

In the former part of this report, the committee have given some account of the great force wijth which rfyder Ally ha4 invaded the Carnatic, according to the intelligence at that time received, and of the conduct by which he endeavoured to secure the conquefis he had made; but as this intelligence appears to have been received in a moment of geucral alarm, your committee think it proper to state to the House, the opinioos which the presidency of Madras enterta; ned of the character of thin prince, of his resources, and of tile troops he appears to have employed, at two former periods, when the company was not at war with him

About the latter end of the year If 74 the governor general and council df Bengal desired the presidents and councils of the other settleraents, to trans - xnit to them the heft information they were able to procure of the several princes in their neighbourhood. 1—In answer to this requisition, the prelident shut councilof Madras, in a letter dated the qth of December 1774, writers® follows : " Hyder Ally Cawn possesses a valuable, ex ten five, and well - regulated government—they cannot give an accurate computation of his revenue or forces, but all accounts agree, that he can bring into the field very numerous and well - disciplined arjny; that he is no less exact in the payment of his forces, than attentive to their discipline; and that his revenues are said to amount to three crores of rupees—that he has taken the opportunity, while the attention of the Marattas has been engaged by their diffractions at home, to recover the whole of the countries which they had, within these few years, wrested from him—that, as they canoot speak with certainty of the reports which prevail of his connexion with the French, it is almost improper for them to touch upon them; but thus much is evident, that, by their means he is plentifully supplied with military stores; and that adventurers of their nation are allowed, if not encoUr tfaged, to enter into his fervifce. "

In answer to a similar requisition, made by the governor general and council of Bengal, in the latter end of the year 1777, the prelident and council of

’ Madras,

jL ijtfirf DEBATES f 59

Madras/ In a letter dated the roth of January 1778, informed them, " that Hyder Ally had at that time in the field a force, confiding, as they were informed, of about 30, 000 fepoyi with small arms, 50, 000 matchlock men, 8, 000 horse, and 37 guns; " and they afterwards add, 44 that the revenue arising from his different possessioos are immense, amounting, as they believe, to three croret of rupees; that his whole attention seemed to be engaged by the Marattas, and his views confined to the preservation of his own dominions; that he had a vakeel at Pond. cheny with Monsieur Bellrcombe, from whom he received every assistance the French could then afford him; that Monsieur Bellccombe kept up a constant correspondence with him, and endeavoured all in his power to engage him in the interest of the French. " And speaking of the great and dangerous power of the Marattas, they further add, 44 Wc think Hyder might, on such an emergency, ( a Maratta war ) be made an ufefol ally, as his troops are more warlike better disciplioed, and better appointed than rhofe of any other power : but we are afraid the nabob could never be brought to a cordially in such an alliance, as he has long entertained a rooted enmity towards Hyder, and hath on several occasions manifefied it, in opposition to his 6wn inte - refi. As to the foubab, little could be gained by a closer uniop with him 3 and our opinion, both in respect to him and the Marattas is, that we should endeavour, in case of a war, to prevent their taking part against us; but that we should prefer Hyder as an ally, whole affirtance might be the moll fcrvkeable. "

And Colonel Stuart, in his memorial of the 9th of December 1776, which was presented to ( he preident and council of Madras, and which they highly commend, speaks of Hyder Ally as follows : 44 This man seems to be in the motoths of almoli every body, as a bugbear to frighten and alarm; in England it as - the lame, and even the Hock jobbers pby him off in ’ Change Alley. I have, with the moll minute attention, collected from the company’s records in England and elsewhere, informed myself of every material circum fiance that led to, or occurred in, what is called the Balia Gautwar, and our differences with Hyder. 1 know aUb how that business codcluded. I have in my possession a copy of General Smith’s commentary upon that war, and have particularly noticed Hyder ’ a letters, messages, and conversations in several periods of the war; from all which k appears to me, that on Hyder’s pan, it was alfoa war of self - defence; and, because I believe Hyder to be a fen fibre man, and to know his true interest, I conclude he was sincere, when he explicitly declared upon all occasiona, and particularly to Mr. Hornby their chief at Tellichcny, and by his message by Mr. Stracey, whom he lent for that purpose to Madras, that nothing waa further from his wiihes, than a war with the comply, because he knew they would in the end ruin him, but that in ruining him, he could so protract the time, and increase their expence, as even to distress the company by their conquest; and what is very remarkable, he warns Mr. Hornby of what he next year performed, that he would force a peace personally, by rilking an invasion into the Carnatic. If at thac time when he was successful, he concluded a peace without any material advantage or addition of territory, for what reason now, having no difference with him, does he wa&t only to > make incursions to burn and plunder this

la country *

flo

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781 *

dotintry, when he must be sensible, that such conduit would draw upon him riot only the strength Of this presidcncy, but also regular system for his definition, supported by the influence, arms, and immense tnrafury of Ben gal; and his destruction would speedily follow, not by a Balia Gaut land War, through the pafles, and penetrating at an immense expence, to Seringa - patam from hence, but by the co - operation of sea armaments at Mangalore and from other parts on the Malabar coast ? I shall never therefore be led to think, that, without any reason, he will bring himself into such difficulties 5 but if he does, 1 hope the force of the Carnatic alone will be sufficient to chastise him, "

Your committee will conclude the information they intend to give of JHyder AJly, by the following account of his present force, traasmitted by Sir Edward Hughes, in his letter to the Earl of Hilliborough, dated the 15th day of October, 1780.

Account of Hyder Ally’s force now acting in the center of the Carnatic, and laying siege to its capital city, Arcot *

European cavalry,

' Minted under M Pi morin —. —

Dnto.. — M. Lally — —

Ditto infantry and artillery.

Attached to the guns of the different fepoy battalions

Muflees,

Under the command of M. Janon, a Portuguese Tdpasses,

Under the command of Jaoon — —

r Ditto :. — —Mr, Mills m

Black cavalry,

- Under Tepoo Saib, properly armed and accoutred, and cloathed in red —. —. — — —

Ditto Ditto in green — — —

Under M. Lanfquenet, difmouirted — —

Ditto Davitf, Ditto — —. — —

Chosen horses, marked with Hyder’s own chop—half with himself, and half with Tepoo Saib — Irregulars ( called Looty Wallens ) of wfiich no precise calculation oan be formed, supposed to confifk of

Sepoys,

Under Mahomed Ally, cloathed in red, three batta - lions of 1000 men each — — ' —

•—Shaik Omar, cloathed in green, five battalions ( attached to Lolly ' s corps ) — —•

32 ° 80

200 58O

80

$00 700 1600

1 100

100

- — - 200

200

200

2 6 *

400

20000

20000

40600

3000

5000

8000

Carried over 50860

A. 1781 D E B A T Em / ? *

_ # Brought oTcr

nder Shaik Boudan, cloathed In red four battalions

- - - - - Toleram ( his own ) fepoy s, attached to Mr. Sa -

ixiuel Mill’s lopafles — —, t, r - —

Ditto irregular — - — —

Matchlock and pikemen ——. —

Rockets, 500 camels, each carrying a rocket boy and a matchlock peon, with 20 spare rockets; allb a great number of bullocks carrying rockets, and a man to each, the whole supposea to consist of - Ltfcars, supposed to be about —— — —

61

50860

4000

1000

• - - - 5000

—— 8000 — 20000

— IOOOO — - 2000

Ordnance. 86, 860

Howitzers — — 5

N. B. A large detachment employed under Meer Saib, in desolating the •northern provinces of the Carnatic, and the Guntoor Circar, not included in the above.

Your committee will next proceed to lay before the House, a date of the company’s forces on the coast of Coromandel; shewing, what were their numbers, what their condition and discipline, and in what manner they were Rationed and distributed immediately before the irruption of Hyder Ally into the Carnatic.

The committee of secresy that fat in the year 1773, have given an account of the military establirtiments and military regulations under the presidency of Madras, which subsisted at that time *

Your present committee find, that in the beginning of the year 1777, m consequence of the Tanjore country falling under the military protection of the company, the president and, council of Madras augmented and new - modelled their army, upon a plan first fuggdied, in part by 8ir Robert Fletcher, but afterwards much improved by Colonel Stuart, augmenting the number of fepoy battalions, viz. the Carnatic battalions from 12 to 16, and the Circar battalions from 6 to 8, diminishing at the same time the privates in each company from 86 to 65, which, together with the native non - commissioned officers, brought the strength of each battalion to 750 men; this, however, is exclusive of European commission and non - commissioned officers, in number 19, native commissioned officers in number 20, drum mers 12, and puckallys 10. For the information of the House, the committee have inserted the establishment of one of these fepoy battalions in the appendix. They at the {ante time raised five new battalions, of the fame establishment and numbers, so that the force of the presidency, according to the establishments of that time, confiding of 29 fepoy battalions, amounting to 23, 519 officers and men; to these are to be added a troop of cavalry, consisting of 48 officers and men, and twb regiments of European infantry of two battalions each, which, according to their establishments, should amount to 576 men in each battalion, non - commissioned officers included, or 2, 304 jnen in the whole, be&des nen - commissioned officers and Raft,

end

L.

6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

and fix companies of artillery, amounting to about 600, commissioned and non - commissioned officers included, besides European invalids and pensioners, amounting to about 900.

On the 29th of June r778, open receiving information of the war with France, the president and council ordered that 20 men be added to each of tha battalion companies of 13 Carnatic and 8 Circar battalions, making an augmentation of 3, 360 menbut on the 5th of November of the same year, the select committee ordered, that the fepoy battalions, to which this augmentation had been made, should be reduced to their former establishment; % and that the overplus fepoy which had been raised, do fill up the vacancies in the other battalions.

On the 16th of July, in the same year, they ordered their corps of artillery to be new modelled, making it confitt of eight companies instead of fix, each company having one captain, two lieutenants, two lieutenant fireworkers, five serjeants, fix corporals, 10 gunners, £4, matt russes, one drummer, and two lifers, making 83; and the eight companies, amounting in the whole to 664, besides the staff, confiding of one lieutenant colonel, one major, one adjutant, one quarter matter, one serjeant major, one quarter matter serjeant, one drill serjeant, one drill corporal, one drum major, and one fife major, in all ten, which in the whole makes the corps to coofiA of 674.

And on the 26th of the fame month, they gave orders for railing two more battalions of ftpoys for the defence of the Circars.

Your committee do not fiod, that any further augmentations were made to these troops, till the 31st of July 1780, when, in con fide radon of the army9 taking the field, and the garriion in the Carnatic being weakened thereby, it was resolved, that such of the battalions of fepoys as remain in garrison, be ordered to augment their companies 20 men each. It appears by the fele& confutations, 23d September 1780, that Sir Hector Munro then recommended augmenting the fepoy battalions to too fepoys each company; but your committee do not find that any orders were iuued in consequence of this recommendation, the general ' s minute being ordered to lie for confederation.

Your committee find, that the presidency and council of Madras frequently represented, that the European regiments were incomplete for want of a sufficient number of recruits trom Europe; bat the l ' epoy battalions were in general complete. —And on the aid of December 1778, soon after the surrender of Pondicherry, General Munro reported to the fele& committee, that the fepoy corps appear, by the returns, to be compleat to the establittiment of 750 men; and that there were about 250 supernumeraries to be disposed of as the committee should think proper.

The following is an account of the effective date of the company ' s forces on the coatt of Coromandel, in January x 780.

Non - commissioned officers included.

Rank and file, including non - commissioned officers.

Sepoy *

Cavalry - - - 48

Artillery - - - 562

Infantry, 2 regiment - - 2, 628

European invalids and pensioners 853 '

A « tySim D £ B A T C S *

lfi iirl f Carnatic, 21 battal. 16, 279 Native officers included, {drears, 8 batuL 6, 295

TTT

Total native troops, officers included 22, 574 as also a corps of fepoy independants, amounting to 763, native officers included, and 722 fepoy invalids and pen - fiooers.

In this account, no notice is taken of the 2 battalions ordered to be raised for the defence of the Circars, on the 26th of July 1778,

It appears to your committee, that of the above troops, the nabob has long been engaged to pay ten. complete battalions of fepoys; tho charge of which, together with the expence of the garrisons, which he has also engaged to defray, amount annually to about tour lacks of pagodas, as dated in the letter of the president and council of Madras to the governor general and council of Bengal dated the 7th of December 1774.

And it further appears to your committee, that the rtjah of Tanjore is under an engagement to pay annually to the company lacks of pagodas for the military defence of his country.

Your committee find, by a letter from Governor Rombold to the court of directors, dated the 15th of March 1778, that the troops of the company on the coast of Coromandel, were in excellent order. The governor declares, that a spirit of discipline fcetned to run through the whole, and that he had ieldotn fees a more orderly body of men. And Governor Rum bold, in a letter to the chairman of the East India Company, dated the 31ft O& > ber of the same year, exprefib himself as follows : " I think it necessary to mention to you, in judice to Brigadier General Stuart, that one great advantage on our part, and which enabled us to carry the orders of the court of directors for attacking Pondicherry into immediate execution, was the Bate in which we found the army upon this establishment, at the time of receiving those orders, owing to the very seasonable augmentation that had been made, and the proper military regulations and discipline which had taken place, during the time he commanded the troops. "

And Sir Eyre Cootc, in a letter to the committee of correspondence, dated, the 18th January 1770, bears tedimony to the discipline and good order of these troops in the following words : " 1 have reviewed several of your corps since my arrival here, and can assure you with much pleasure, that they arc brought to a perfection I could hardly have idea of in this country. Your artillery is equal to any thing in Europe; and nothing is left us to wifti, brut an addition of numbers to both The officers merit every thing that can be said in their praise, for the unwearied pains they have taken to bring the troops to the dace ihey are in at present. "

To the forces above dated, is to be added the first battalion of his M jef - ty’s 73d regiment, amounting, according to the establishment, to 1082 men, non - commissioned officers included; and it appears by the lad return, previous to Hyder Ally ' s iuvafion, that the eife&ive strength of this battalion was, at that time, non - comnuffioned officers 72, rank and file 846, total

918.

PARLIAMENTARY. A/1781.

918. And it appears to your committee, that recruits for this battalion were sent out in the ships of last year, but were - taken on their passage.

And your committee And, by a - return, dated camp Marmalon, 1 it November 1780, that the strength of this battalion, after the defeat of Colonel BaiUte, con lifted of non - commissioned officers rank and file 568; besides milling, non - commissioned officers 11, rank and file 117, being part of the two flank companies the battalion that were sent with Colonel Fletcher to join Colonel Baiflie, and are supposed to be now either killed, wounded, or prisoners; and besides a detachment sent to Bengal, consisting of, non - com mtfiioned officers 4, rank and file jdj 48 of which appear, by Sir Eyre Coote ' s return, to have arrived with him since at Madras.

Your committee also find, by the return of the 50th of November 1780, that there is in the garrison of Fort St. George 100 European militia, and in the Black Town 100 European and 1 00 fepoy militia, formed into two battalions; besides too native Portugueib, and 100 black artillery, in the Black Town.

With respect to the distribution of these forces, your committee find, that it has ever been the uniform ' opinion of both civil and military persons, that for the defence of the Carnatic, a great a force as could be spared from the different garrisons should be collected in some central ( Toot. ’

It appears to your committee, That this plan hna been earnestly recommended by Generals Coote, - Smith, and Fletcher. '

The governor general and council of Bengal, iu tlieir‘letterof the 26th of January 1778, after observing open the dispersed Gate of the troops appointed for the defence of the Carnatic, and particularly of the Europeans and artillery, proceed to say, 4 < Those, who, when united will form a moll respect- table corps, lose almost their whole apparent conference, and much of their real substance, by such a dm ft cm and diffiparion of - tHehs fJwe believe, that the want of accommodation for the whole of your tttop&tn. establiftuneot, may have rendered it, in some degree, an aCfcof tieceflfty ' and ' we have no doubt but it has been occasioned by some powerful cause; but whatever it may have been, we cannot help recommending, as an object mod worthy of your attention, to devise the means by which your European forces may be collected, and kept entire at your presidmey, or within its reach, for 19 that light we regard the quarters of Poonomalle anVlYhe Mouht} that all the other forts and pa fits be garrisoned by native troops; and that not ai ' man of the fe - ▼eral ranks of European soldiers and artillery, be detached fropi their proper corps. You will agree with us in opinion, that it is on the European forces which the company maintain in India that the present exigence of their power, the future lately and duration of their settlements, ' essentially depend, and that these mud lose both their dVfcipl neand strength, by being divided. And in their letter of the 17th October last, they say, - " Had tlje dispofi - tion been attended to, or the advice contained in that Tetter followed, the calamity which their forces lately suffered, and which was owing to a division of the troops at a moment of emergency, would not have happened. — - And Colonel Stuart, in his memorial before mentioned, of the 9th December ' 1776, proposes the following plan for stationing the troops, as best calculated, in his opinion, for the defence of the Carnatic : in time of peace, to have two cantonments, one near Conjeveram, the other near Tiagar, Volcon - da, or Trin&malle; fix battalions of fepoys, and the grenadier companies of

some

A vj

DEBATES.

} feme others, two regiments of horse, two companies of European grenadiers, I and two companies of artillery, to fbrm the first cantonment; and three bat tattoos, and some fepoy grenadiers, and a company of artillery, to form the ♦other cantonment; with a detachment from the European companies, to wori the guns of the fepoys at each cantonment.

In time of war, when the army mud be increased, the number at each cantonment to be double, or more if thought necessary.

Sir Hector Munro, in a letter to the governor and council of the 8th of November 1778, in treating of the disposition of the troops, loon after the fanender of Pondicherry, fays, " It appeared to me also necessary, that they should be so disposed, that a considerable body might be formed, if necessary. " And Governor Rumbold, in his letter to the court of directors of the 15th of March 1778, writes, 44 It is my intention, with the advice of General Monro t to fix upon some convenient spot, within a day and half’s march of Pondicherry, such as between Wandewafh and Gingce, or more immediately within the Jaghire, and there embody as great a part of your army as can be paired from the defence of the draggling arrifons in the Carnatic; for if an enemy were to land to - morrow, they might get a footing before we could enlfcft together part of your troops : I therefore judge it highly neccilhry to have an army in readiness to attack Pondicherryat any rate, a body of Odom ought always to be in readiness in the Carnatic. "

Toe fallowing distribution of the troops on the coast of Coromandel, in Ja - vaaiy 1780, which has been laid before your committee, will shew how far as jof these plans had at that time been complied with.

Europeans.

European InvalUU *

9 9

Cavalry. Artillery. Infantry Sepeys.

Coddalore - —041 446

CMngkput — o 1 63

Carrangooley — o o o 638

Conjeveram —00 o o

Fort St. George — o aa 477 1, 991

Mount — o 313 o o

Madura — o o 4 631

Madranticum —00 o o

Ongole « o a 158

Pondicherry — 48 I 4T6. X, 7c6

Permacoil — 0 0 a 08

Fakamcocah — — o o 7 789

Poonasnalee — o o t 79

Sam. .. .. .. .. .. ... o xaa 581 1, 048

TVkhinopoly —0x7 789

Tanjore and District - o o 36 3, 954

Tiagar — — o o 0 0 ]

WandeWaflt — - O o o

Trippafore - - - 0000

Vellore and Amboor o j 433 r, $79

Vdlum —000 o

Karical and Nagore o 399

Circara

Qacacote — O xa 1, 187

Vo ? ill *

Artillery 1

4 o o 35

t a

0 a

9

1

3 x e la

9

Infantry a8

75

o

o

338

o

x

o

o

o

o

o

o.

P

aa

o

o

16

4

o

o xa o p

CondapiH *

le

iff

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 178,.

Europium, European. A Invalid *

Artillery, Infantry, Stf. V - Artillery, —1 Infantry,

O 4 316 I 0

O. 0 38 O 0

. O 10 1, 187 2 0

O 96; 3 a

93 144 3. 524 3 0

1 29 M53 8 121

0 1 O 0 1

0 4 281 0 0

0 0 0 0 0

0 7 578 10 18

that in consequence of the intelligence re -

. Cavalry,

Condapilla —. o

Coringa t - o

El lore —, o

Ganjam and Itchapore o

Gu&toor Circar ©

Mazulipatam — ' o

Rajahmundry — o

Samul Cottah — o

Vantapollam — o

Vizagapatam and Did rid o

Your committee do not find,

ccived, subsetjuent to January i f, - - - - — ? — *

orders were given for bringing together any considerable body of troops, and forming them into an army for the defence of the Carnatic, previous to the 34th day of July in the same year.

In addition to the observation made by the governor general and council of Bengal, in their letter of the 17th October before - mentioned, on the dispersed Hate of the troops, Sir Eyre Coote, in his letter to, the committee of corre - spondence of the East India Company, of 30th of November 1780, expressly lays, " That the army was left in the fame divided date as in time of the modperfed peace and tranquility; and the places of drength, which whild we maintained, he ( Hyder Ally ) could never become Mader of the Carnatic, were entirely neglected. "

It appears by Lord Macleod’s letter to the secretary at war, of the 13th of October 1780, That even on the 20th of July no attention was paid by the government of Madras, to the intelligence then received of Hyder’s intentions : and on the 23d of that month, when his lordship told the governor, " that perhaps the report of Hyder’s invasion might be true, and that he thought, at all events, they ought to take some meafui es to oppose him, " the governor answered, 44 What can we do ? we have no money ! " But added, 44 We mean however to aflVmble an army, and you are to command it. " And Lord Macleod’s letter to the governor and feled committee, of the 31 ft of that month, points out the difficulties and dangers to which the troops, in forming a junction, would then be exposed : And Mr. Sadlier’s minute of the 29th of the fame month, confirms the fad, " that no care had then been taken to afiTemble an army. "

And your committee think it right here to refer to a former part of this report, wherein it is flawed, that the president and ( elect committee, in their letter to the governor general and council of Bengal, of the 18th day of Aoguft 1780, attributed the delay of bringing an army into the field to oppose Hyder Ally, to the distant Rations in which thetroops were scattered when he made his irruption into the province. c

The motions of the troops, and the endeavours used to form an army, in order to attack Hyder Ally, and to relieve Arcot, and the unhappy diiafters that ensued, from the said 24th day of July until the arrival of Sir Eyre Coote; - and the condition in which he found the icttlcment, the garrisons, and the remaining troops, are already Rated in the former part of this report.

Your committee will now insert a return of the troops, and their disposition# as uansmitted by that general. —The return is as follows;

' *

L.

g

cq

o

o

4

rT

I

1

I

CORPS, tfr.

i ' ? ' Ru 0ftd s.

Cjrmlfy, one troop; engineers, artillery, i battalion and 8 companies; ift battalion 73d regiment V 2. regiments, each a battalions; invalids, pensioners, and, ' j

militia i - i; £3 581 81 394a

Sepoys. : !. '

Twenty - nine battalionl; ahillery, fibindy, and militia; ih valid *,

and Portuguese militia - 335 138 o o

Lofcarj.

Attached toartillery and other corps,. 1

and at Bombay - 0, 0 0 0

Artificerswith artillery, &c o o o - o

Bheafties, bildahs, leoapacks, and coolies - - © 0 0 o

RuwptM *

588 719 ' 81 39+z

Total

Rank and fife.

j

HorftU

. 9

a

W

td

: r 1 I -

c 0 0 0 0 4#S7 31 0

269 28628 O 0 O t 937 ° i < 1 0

0 ' 0 2489 O O 9189 0 a 0

v6 0 O 462. O 46 O 0 0

0 0 0 O 1 goo 1500 0 0 0

269 28628 If 462 2500 00 IS Is 00 1 3 *

« r

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781

The dtfpofitfoa of these troops is at follows:

’ 14 AD R AS TROOPS, 30th November 1780.

European cavalry, x troop I f company

1 dO « m

t do.

3ido. -

Artillery, 8

with the army.

missing.

Fort St George. Malabar Coast. with the army.

European Infantryr2 Regiments, 4

! r Company — — Malabar coast.

5 Ditto — - —— Vellore.

3 Ditto were at Arcot; are returned to Madras prisonen by

X0 regiment. - capitulation not to serve against Hyder Ally during the

" I waf

38 battalion, f 7 Companies, including grenadiers ad regiment. [ 2 Ditto — — - —

4 battalion, ] 1 Com y of grenadier.

4 regime.

Carnatic Sepoys, 21

ift battalion, — — —

ad Ditto ' — - i— —

’ 2 Companies grenadiers. •—

8 Ditto ditto - —

2 Companies grenadiers « —

8. Ditto — — —

2 Companies w —

a a Ditto were at Arcot; are retarned to Madras in number 441 the rest missing.

2 Companies grenadiers

8 Ditto - - - - -

6 Companies, 4 Ditto —

3d Ditto 4th Ditto

$tb Ditto

6th Ditto

yth Ditto

8th Ditto

9th Ditto

xoth Ditto xxth Ditto

12th Ditto 13th Ditto

14th Ditto

missing.

Malabar coast. with the army. Malabar coast. missing, missing.

with the army ., Fort St. George. '

missing.

with the army. Malabar coast. Madras.

Malabar coast. Fort St. George. Vellore,

u

Companies grenadiers Ditto —p

4 Companies —

6 Ditto -

2 Companies grenadiers 8 Ditto r

2 Companies grenadiers 1 Ditto

Ditto

with the army. Trichinopoly. missing.

Fort St. George, Malabar coa£ with the army. Taojore. Pajlamcottah, missing,

Kirrical & Nagorc.

Cudalora,

with the army *

Tanjore,

missing.

Wandewafh,

Poonamalee.

ijthj ) itt#

C

A. 1781.

1 Jtfc Ditto

i6thDtn

17th Ditto 28th Ditto

29th Ditto

soth Ditto 21k Ditto

B E PATES *

' 2 Companies grenadiers missing *

1 Ditto — Wandewafli.

. 7 Ditto — with the army *

~ 2 Companies grenadiers — missing -.

5I Ditto — - - with the army *

1 Ditto — —• Permacoil.

1 Ditto — ——• Chingleput *

2 Companies grenadiers — missing.

8 Ditto — — — with the artqy *

a Companies grenadiers — with the army *

8 Ditto — — — Tanjore.

£ Companies, grenadiers included with the anpjr *

x Ditto — — — - Tiagur.

1 Ditto — — — Gingee.

k 3 Ditto — — — § Trichinopoly;

: —• — •— Malabar coast.

2 Companies grenadiers — > milling.

8 Ditto — —— with the army *

Great Sepoys, 8 Battalions, and 5 Independent

ad Ditto 3d Ditto

f Companies genadiers —

{ a Ditto — •. — —

16 Ditto ——

k tv. *. -, 11 Companies grenadiers

thDltt0 18 Ditto

cth Ditto 6th Ditto

yth Ditto

Ith Ditto

Companies grenadiers included a Ditto —

a Ditto —— - -

{Ditto — — —

’ a Companies grenadiers ——

\i Ditto — —

7 Ditto — - —

Independents, r Companies — — —

f Tanjore 3 battalions, confjfling of Sibrndy Se - J Mazulipatam — —

poys, > 7 7, 1 Vizagapatam — —

1 Gan jam. — - - - - -

European f In the garrison of Fort St. George Militia, 00 ! In the Black Town — —

p0 g, uvL. iIn‘heB1 > ' kTwn - _ -

MilfttaSepoys. In the Black Town, a battalions BMi Artillery In the Black Town « - —

Chicacole. Vizagapatanu missing.. with the army. Mazulipatam. Gondapillie. with the army. Mazulipatam. Chicacole.

Ganjam and distri&. Bamulcottah.

Fort St. George Mazulipatam. Coringa. with the army *. Mazulipatam.

Ellore

Ongole.

— x > 749

- 495

— 300

— iH

— ' 109

— — 100

1, 50

mm •— IOO

Invalids,

T A Ri t A M Efa t A ' R Y

A. PfZti

isgr

r ‘

fFort St. George, CHingle ' put,

‘ Cuddaiore,

• Tri chi nopoly, ! Mazulipatatfc,

: - - - ‘ L ' Viz gapatam.

N. B The ’ troops tinder thfe head, 4 < with the array, " are cantoned in th « environs of Madras j and those mentioned missing, " ' are ttofe < that were in the actions against Hyder Ally; under the command of Liputeuant Colonel Baftlie. " *

As two detachments appear to have been sent from the army, cinder the prefi - denc/of Madras, and to have thereby diminHhed the force appointed for the defence of that presidency, your committee think it right, before they cOtp - c elude this head of enquiry, to slate ' ffie numbers which com ofed these detachments, and by whose advice they were senti

Your committee have already observed, that on the 7th of December 1778, the ieleft committee, at Fort St. George resolved to make preparations for the expedition agafnft Mahe, ' anti requested General Munro to prepare a list of warlike stores, and at ) arrangement of troops, necessary for the expedition ‘

The 10th of December General Munro recommended, that the following troops be ordered on the expedition to Mahe *, viz.

Europeans, id battalion ift regiment; fepoys, 4th and 20th battalions,

Artillery, three companies.

Lascars, 200. " ‘ ’ (

The 2 2d December, in consequence oTadvice being received from Tellichery of the date of the French at Mah6, and of the country powers around them, the committee agreed to add another battalion to the force intended to be feu to Mahe, which then flood as follows, viz.

1 battalion < Sf Europeans,

3 companies of artillery *, ",

3 battalions of fepoys, and 200 lafears.

And in a letter from thefcleft committee of Fort St. George; to the felcdt committee of Bombay, the force ordered dirt he expedition against Mahe is flated as follows; viz. '

1 battalion of Europeans ' 43$

1 3 companies of artilleiy 156 Europeans,

- - - - - 589,

3 battalions of fepoys, each 750 fepoys.

Your committee find, that this force went to attack Mahe, and that after the surrender of that fort, which happened on the 19th day of March 1779, a part of the said detachment, viz. Two companies of artillery, the battalion bf Europeans, except one company, and two battalions 6f Sepoys, exclusive of grenadiers *. returned into the neighbt urhood of the presidency.

Aud your committee find, that in consequence of a reqtjifition made by the governor general and council of Bengal to the prdidehcV of Madras, that they frouldgire directlons to ' the officer commanding at Mahd, to join

General

A. 11&U IX E B A T E 9.

General Goddard with his detachment as loon as the fortifications of that place were deihoyed, the said presidency gatre orders, on the i8ch day of October 1779, to Colonel Braithwaite, commanding their troops at Mahe, to join General Goddard with his detachment, confiding at that time of ooe European company of infantry, one company of artillery, fix grenadier companies, and eight battalion companies of fepoys, which was all the force they thought themselves warranted to sparein the situation of their affairs at that time.

On the 30th of December 1779, they received letters from Colonel Braith waire, acquainting them, that, having entirely rased the fortifications, and removed the stores from Mahe, he was preparing to carry into execution their orders for reinforcing General Goddard with his detachmoot, when a requisition was made to him by the chief and factory at Tellichery, for the whole detachment to act in defence of that settlement, which was closely

rfled by a powerful attack from the Nairs, supported, though not openly, Hyder Ally, to whom the gentlemen at Tellichery had given offence, by protecting a chief of the Nairs, who was obnoxious to him.

Under these circumstances, Colonel Braithwaite thought proper to remove with his detachment for the defence of Tellichcrry; which wa9 fully accom - plished by the addition of this force, though the Nairs continued assembled m numerous bodies at a small difiance, making irregular attacks on the company s troops, and threatening to take any advantage that might offer, by the reduction of their fircngth, to destroy that settlement.

And your committee find, that as soon a3 the government at Madras received advice of the detention of the troops at Tellicherry, in manner before mentioned, they determined, upon a motion made by the president, to fend, ar all events, immediately from thence, a respectable reinforcement to join General Goddard’s army at Surat; and accordingly ordered a compleat battalion of Europeans, one company of artillery, and a battalion of fepoys, to hold themselves in readlness to proceed. His Majesty’s ship Seahorfe being then in their road, with a large country ship called the Horsendon, the battalion of Europeans and company of artillery were, in a few days, embarked on these vessels, and failed for Surat the 8th of January. The battalion of fepoys, for want of transports, could not proceed at the same time, but embarked from Pondicherry the nth February, on the ships Befborough, Duke of Grafton, and Atlas.

And it appears to your committee, by the return dated the 30th November 1780, that the whole force belonging to the presidency of Madras, which was then fetving on the Malabar coaff, confilted of two companies ot artillery, nine companies of Europeans, and twenty - four companies of fepoys. These numbers appear exactly to comprehend the before - mentioned ttoops ac Tellichery, and the detachment sent to Surat. And it does. not appear to youT committee, that the force of the Carnatic had been weakened by any other detachment when Hyder Ally invaded it.

It is proper, however, that your committee should here o ' lferve, that the prtfident and council of Madras appear to have been always aveife to mak - ' ing any detachment to the Malabar coast, for the purpose of carrying on the war against the Marattas; and when the presidency ol Bombay first applied to them for allifiance, in the beginning of the year 1778, they absolutely

' refused

7 *

PARLIAMENTARY

A. i78r

lefnfed to grant it; and in a tetter to the court of directots, dated the 5th February 1778, which will be found in the appendix, they date their objections to this measure, declaring, that they should be unjustifiabte if they Were to detach ant part of their troops upon so dill ant a service, from whence it would be impossible to recall them, however pressing the occasion, in less time than five or six months; and they add, that as far as they can judge from the present Attrition of affairs, k would not be prudent in them to detach any part of their force on this service, though it should meet with the sanction and approbation of the supreme council of Bengal : and when they were afterwards informed by a letter from the said supreme council, that frtey had refolded to funport the views of the gentlemen at Bombay, under certain limitations, and desiring them, in case they should renew their application for troops, to comply with it; the presidency of Madras still continued of the opinion before expressed; nevertheless, they thought it proper, in consequence of the letter received from Bengal, to desire General Munro to inform them how the detachment required for Bombay might be most conveniently formed, that no time might be lofi, should it be hereafter determined to fend it.

And your committee find, that when on the 30th Augoft 1779, they received a letter from the governor general and council, dated the ad of that month, requefiing, that one battalion of Europeans, three battalions of and fifty artillery men, together with the detachment serving at f might be sent to join General Goddard, they delayed taking this but finest under consideration till the a 8th October, and then ordered only the detachment at Mahe to join General Goddard ( which was detained atTelli - chery in manner before stated; and when they afterwards sent to Surat a further reinforcement to join General Goddard, as is already mentioned, they made it less, by two battalions of fepoys, than that which the governor general and council had required of them; and they complain in strong terms ( as will be seen in their letrer of 3d April 1780, which will be found in the appendix ) that the trueobjelt of this reinforcement was concealed from them, by the governor and supreme council.

It is proper that your comihittee should further obferre, that the governor general and council of Bengal, in requeuing that these detachments should be rent from the Madras presidency to join General Goddard, acted upon the advice of the commander in chief, Sir Eyre Coote, who gave it as his opinion, that from the last returns the request might with propriety be complied with; and in the letter written by the governor general arid council of Bengal to the presidency of Madras, on this occasion, it is expressly said, than the commander in chief had informed them, that one battalion of Europeans three battalions of fepoys, and fifty artillery, might be spared from that establishment, now the works of Pondicherry are demolished, without any risk or inconvenience to the service; and that the residue of the forces under that presidency would be sufficient for the protection of their possessions. As your committee find, however, that the expediency of fending these detach ments to join General Goddard was largely difeufled by the governor general and council of Bengal, in their secret department; they have thought fit to insert at length in their appendix9 for the information of the House, thdf proceedings on this occasion.

A. 1781 *

DEBATES.

73

Betides the troops belonging to the company, which we hare already dated, there are also other forces which ought to contribute to the security of the Carnatic; we mean the troops of Mahomed Ally, the ' nabob of ArCot 1 your committee called therefore for the last return of these troops; and were informed by the servants of the company, that they were not possessed of aoy return of the nabob’s troops. Your committee find, that the governor general and council of Bengal, in their letter to the presidcncy of Madras, of the 26th day of January 1778, desired to be furnished with a return of the nabob’s troops. And Governor Rumbold, in his letter to the nabob of the 3d of April, earoefdy requeued to receive from his highness an exact account of the fepoys and cavalry immediately paid and maintained by him. And in another letter of the 26th of May following, the governor again urges die nabob to communicate to him soon the particulars he had requested j the nabob returned an answer on the ift of June, and all the account he gives therein of the troops in his pay, is as follows : " 1 have reduced my fepoys Co a number just sufficient for keeping up the colledionf of my country and defending the forts in it.

M Daring the war with Hyder Ally, I had often heard that our bad fuc - ce& proceeded ftom our not having horse; and I entertained a few under the command of Morare Row and Fazel Beg; but the enemies were much better, and greatly superiorin number, so that although the charge of maintaining them was great, they were of little or no use.

" Before the first Tanj ore expedition, I raised two regiments of horse, and the few ice they wereot at both lieges of that place, is well known to the whole army. After Tanjora was taken, Mr. Wynch and Mr. Stone often urged and pressed me to raisea body of horse : since the increaseof my revenue could admit of the additional charge; and as 1 have nothing more at heart than to satisfy and please my best friends, the company, 1 raised five re giments more, which, in addition to the former two, now made my estab - li foment consist of seven regiments. I here acquaint you with thele particulars, that you may have an idea of the film which I was obliged to lay - out in buying horses and accoutrements, and railing men for them. At this time, when I was obliged to borrow large lums of money for the above purpose, I received no revenue from the Tanjore country; and in my present situation, I find it impossible to be at such a charge; from experience, 1 am convinced of the difficulties of keeping up more than what can be regularly paid; this has made me reduce my horse to four regiments, which aVe commanded by European officers, and the men eloathed in the European manner; when I want arms and broad cloth for their use, I shall apply to you, that I may be fitpplied with them out of the company’s stores. These regiments have been put by me under the command of my beloved son, Aineer ul Omrah Behau - der, who will take particular care in regulating and diferplining them. A part of the country has also been assigned towards paying off their arrears and present pay, that they may undergo no difficulty in future. I have f > ent the best part of my life in maintaining my friendship for the English nation, and fighting again ( t their enemies, and 1 have educated my children in the fame principles of friendship for the English. As I consider my above men - tinned son as my second self, and my blood runs in his veins, he will find the Iftgheft farisfactiofl in devoting it, with that of the troops, in the service of Vot. 111. L the

L

74

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781

the English, whenever it is required, in the same manner as I have done and be ever ready, in conjunction with the company’s troops, either in defence of the country, or in fighting against the enemies of my friends, to furpafa even the valour of European troops,

‘ 44 I have given you the above circunjftantial account for your information. The public accounts of the troublesome ( tale of affairs in Europe, have in some degree helped to encrease my vigilance and anxiety to have these things properly settled; but not only at this time, but at all times, I am and ( halt ever be ready to manifest my hearty friendship for the English nation.

41 As my troops are now upon a good footing, and their affairs settled, I shall soon discharge the balance of my debt to the company, "

To this unsatisfactory account of the troops of the nabob, given by himself, your committee could add other information, which they find in the record of the company, concerning the numbers of these troops at different periods; but as it makes the numbers different in each period, and relates to time antecedent to the letter of the nabob just stated, they do not think it necessary to insert it in the body of their report, but have added it to their appendix : they will insert here, however, an account of the nabob’s force, as it flood in the year 1776, which was presented to them by Colonel Matthews, whom your committee thought fit to examine, as it is the fullest and moil com pleat they have seen.

Nabob Mahomed Ally Khan, his force in the

Regulars. Number,

Cavalry. 7 Regiments, of 5 troops of 100 men each, to which are attached 2 companies of light - armed infantry, and two field pieces drawn by horses; to the first and fecund regiments are companies attached; to each troop and company are. European officers —

Topafies. A battalion of 10 companies 0/75 men each—an European captain, and 2 subalterns to each company Artillery. Regimented 6 companies of 100 men each, chjefiy Ma - homedans and Rajputes—tb each company is an European captain and 2 subalterns — - 6co

This corps was to be encreased to lyoooo *

Battalions. Of fepoys 16, with European officers, 10 companies to a battalion, and each company confiffs of 100 men; these men are in general much better than any in the company’s Carnatic battalions —. 16, 090

Irregular cavalry — — —. 3, 950

Bom Rajah, Venkatty Gurry Rajah, and Kallaftry, have at the, nabob’s command, horse and infantry, leaii 20, 000

"as so

In every fort are Sebendy fepoys or peons, and the fame. t kind of armed men are employed under the different phousears andamuldars; also in every fort are gunners, either TopafTes or Mahomedans *,. r

■ The

S $oo

7S®

IS

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

The number of European officers in the nabob’s service, nearly 200, of all nations.

The artillery men who manage the guns that are attach ed to the cavalry, are not included in the regimented artillery, and may be reckoned at lead 300.

It would beendless. if your committee were to report all they find on the records of the company concerning the condition of the nabob’s troops, which in general are represented as bad. Colonel Matthews informed your committee, that in the year 1766 the 26 battalions of fepoys which the nabob then had, were in good order, though not so well disciplined as thofeof the company : his cavalry were in very bad order, exceedingly ill appointed, owing to his want of paying them; and that whole regiments frequently mutinied and confined their officers, and deserted by 50 at a time to Hyder Ally. The araUerywas in general composed of Mahomedans : That he cannot say any dring of the condition of their artillery at that time, as it was in the southern pan of the Carnatic, but that detachments of them have behaved exceedingly weft st the sieges of Tanjore and Pondicherry.

He further informed your committee, that mod of the good recruits were enticed and enlified into the nabob’s service, which was the reason that the company ' s troops are, in one respe£f, worse than they formerly were, con lifting of men of the lower cads, indead of being of the higher cads, or Moors, of which they used to be composed.

Colonel Stuart, in his memorial presented to the prelident and council of Fort Sr. George the 16th December 1776, obstrrves, that the nabob’s troops, from being irregularly paid, and therefore not kept in condant discipline and esercjfe, cannot, as he thinks, be much depended on in their present dare.

The presidenc and council of Fort Sr. George, in their letter of the 2d July 1777, say, that the nabob’s troop *, from the large arrears continually owing to them, were not only become useless, but really dangerous to himself ana to his country; and they afterwards add, that they had reason to apprehend, from the conduct of some of his cavalry which had actually mutinied and confined - their officers, that there would tiiortly have been a generall revolt of tlrr whole army belonging to the nabob. And Governor Rumbold, in two letters, to the nabob, dated the 7th August and j d December 2778 ( which your committee have put in the Appendix ) represents a mutiny of the nabob’s cavalry, particularly of two regiments, in the n ft alarming lighr, —He fays, in his fird letter, that there is an absolute necessity for discharging the 3d regiment, that had mutinied, without loss of time, and that the rest of his troops should either be paid regularly, or totally dish inded, otherwise the Carnatic will be in more danger from them, than all his enemies together. And he concludes his letrerin these words : " That if some means be not immediately taken to establish them ( the nabob’s troop3 ) on a better footing, I shall earnestly recommend to you to disband the whole, and trust inrirely to the company for the protedi m of your country, which will be much safer, and less expensive to you, than the present mode, "—And in his second letter, in which he gives an account of the revolt of the 2d regiment of cavalry, he fays/ That this mutiny, in all its circumstances, is like to what Jus already happened in various parts of the Carnatic. " And, he afterwards adds, that the danger is now become so alarming to the peace of the country, and threatens such violent consequences to the lives of many in -

L

nocent -

y6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

Bocent men, that if some remedy be not instantly applied by your highness, the company will be obliged to interfere some way or other, to prevent the danger from approaching too near their own door. "

Mr. Sadlier, in his minute of 29th Jdly 1780, fays, With regard to the nabob’s troops, they are all many months in arrears; his infantry, through want of pay and want of discipline, could add no firength to our army; part of fix regiments of cavalry, formed by him a few years ago, have deserted to Hyder, because they were not paid; and the three regiments now remaining, which iocludes all the cavalry In the Carnatic, from the same cause, are ready to follow the fame coavfe.

Sir Eyre Coote, in his letter to the Secretary at war, dated ill December 1780, writes as follows;

" Observing the enfeebled Hate of our army here, and the absolute imT possibility of reinforcing it from any of the detachments fiationed either to the northward or the southward, of which the fate of that under the command of Colonel Baillie furnishes us a melancholy proof, I naturally turned my eyes towards the nabob Mahomed Ally; but, figure my disappointment, when, instead of finding him in a condition to assist our exigencies, I learned from his own mouth, that he had neither men, money, or influence, and that he looked to the company for the support of both his interefis and ere dit. "

In what manner the troops of the nabob behaved in the moment of trial, when Hyder Ally invaded the Carnatic, and how far they contributed to the defence of his poiTefiions, is fully stated in the former part of this report; it may be proper, however, to add, that Colonel Matthews, who has been at Arcot several times, being examined concerning the defenpeof that place, which wasgarrifoned by the nabob ' s troops, and about 1 joEuropean « ? informed your committee, that from his knowledge of the fortifications of Arcot, he thought it might have held out a considerable time, even with the troops that were in it when it was taken; that they defended the Pctta, flanked with round tower ?, with a very narrow rampart, where cannon could hardly be drawn, for a considerable time; and he should have thought the fame number of men might have defended the fort of Arcot, which is in all re - ipecta infinitely lhronger, a considerable time longer than they did; though " he understands Hyder Ally’s troops are much improved in the art of attacking places from what they were formerly. " And being further asked, whether the nabob could in any respect defend his country, if it was not for the force of the company ? He answered, it would be impossible. And being further asked, whether it would not have been more for the ineerefi of the company, that the nabob should have had no troops at all, and that the whole military force necessary for the defence of the Carnatic should belong to the company ? He answered, that he was clearly of that opinion; and that if it had been so, he thought Hyder would never have invaded the Carnatic; and if he had, he would not have taken a ( ingle fort.

~ And your committee find. That as late as the 30th of October 1780, the president and feiect committee of Fort St. George thought it necessary, in order to obtain the afliftmnee of the nabob’s cavalry, to advance the balance of arrears of pay due to them for the use of the private troopers, who are there said to be in want of it, and will not serve unless their arrears are discharged; and

at

C

A. 1781# DEBATES, 77

at the same time to direct, that the said cavalry be p ? id for the month of October, according to a retom of its present state, to be sent to the paynuiter at camp, allowing the commanding officer ! for feeding the horses, at the rate of fix pagodas each per month, and to continue the fame in future.

lc is proper that your committee should here observe, That it appears to them by the records of the company, that the presidency of Madras have not been wanting, at different times, strongly to recommend to the nabob, to he more regular in the pay of his troops, and more attentive to their disci - pluse; and that, from the consideration of many of the circumstances before fisted, it has been their constant wish to induce the nabob, either to djlband a coohderable part of hi forces, or to reduce the whole, and to rust for the defence of hit possessions to the troops of the compaoy; but that the nabob has hitherto refused to adopt this measure.

It is proper that your committee should also observe, That as the pay of the company’s troops on the coast of Coromandel depends in part on the sum JBpulated to be paid by the said nabob and the rajah of Tanjore, the presidency complain, that these sums are often very much in arrear, and that they had great difficulty in obtaining payment of them, so that they are frequently in great distrcf on that account; and as the sums are calculated principally for the pay of the troops in time of peace, they are in great want whenever hofti - lines commence, for resources to defray the extraordinaries of war. But as this subject will be treated more at large by your committee, when they report 00 the revenues of Madras, they will enter no further into it at present. Having thus stated the numbers and condition of the troops, belonging cither to the company or the nabob, employed in the defence of the Carnatic, and of the company’s possessions in those parts, your committee directed their attention, in the next place, to the military preparations that were made by the government of Madras, for putting the fortresses in a proper ( late of defence, by collecting provisions, issuing ttores, and by providing draft bullocks, and every thing else that m « ft necessarily attend an army on service - Your committee find. That Sir Eyre Coote, in his letter to thefecretary at war, of the first of December 1780, fays, u That the government of Maaraa had avoided taking any ffeps towards opposing Hyder Ally’s entry into the Carnatic, and made not the smalleit preparations for their own security.

He adds, 44 It is hardly credible, but no less true, that even after Hyder Aliyas invasion, the fame inactivity prevailed in this government, and what ought to have been their first care, lay as much neglected as if no enemy had been near. Even the necessary arrangements for the security of Fort Sr, George, the very foundation of oiyr exigence on this coast, had not been Bade. "

And he further fays, 44 That the field artillery requisite for a campaign, me so far from being in readiness, that the carriages are only apw making

And giving an account of the surrender of many of the nabob’s garrisons, without offering the smallest resistance, upon appearance of Hyder ' s horse before them, he observes, 44 That such ready and unconditional submission to the enemy must arise, either from treachery, or a disaffection of the nabob’s government; but for which, the unpardonable neglect of every thing necef -

faty

L,

them, with an eafyexcufe for having so tamely given them up. "

And in representing the difficulty of fending supplies of lloret and provisions to the remaining garrisons, he adds, " In both of which they have been kept feandaloufiy deficient. "

In his letter to the court of directors of the $oth of Npvember 1780, he fays, 44 that the draught bullocks are deficient in numbers, and of what there ate, many are so weak as to be inadequate to the service required of them— that provisions of every kind were so scarce, that the troops in camp could only procure a scanty supply for one day ' s expence. The whole country around within five miles or Madras was entirely plundered and laid waste by Hyder’s cavalry; that large bodies dill continue to ipfed ir, of course no provisions aye to be procured beyond that circle; that both the army and inhabitants were maintained chiefly by supplieq from Bengal, and upon which, he was sorry to observe, they must principally depend for their future support. ’ And Mr. Sadlier, in his minute of the 29th of July 1780, a few days after certain accounts arrived of Hyder Ally’s irruption, fays, 44 Indead of assembling such part of our army as was capable of making some head againfk his Hyder Ally ' s force ) and putting our garrisons in a date of def ence, and providing the means by which an army might be supported, our unhappy inactivity prevailed over every duty which we owed to our own characters, t < our employers, or to the miserable inhabitants of a country, now differing from fire and fvvord, which depend upon us for protection. "

He further adds, 44 That our troops were scattered in small detachments, without stores or guns; that our principal garrisons were without ammunition, stores, or provisions, to enable them to bear a siege; that a number of small forts in the Carnatic, such as VVantJewalh, Carangooly, Arnee, and many others, the pcfle ( fion of which have cofl us so much blood and treafqre, are either left defenceless, or garrisoned by a few companies of the pafcqhY fepoys, who have not been paid for 18 months. "

And for further information on this head, your committee think proper & refer to a former part of this report, where it is dated, 44 that the nabob complained of the few troops he had to defend the garrison towns, and fhat many of them required ( lores and repairs to the fortifications; and that hi capital would soon be attacked, if it was not ilrengthened with additional troops and fortifications; that he had lodged great magazines of all kinds of ( lores in it, and the principal forts of Vellore, Gingce, Wandewa/h, and ' ( Yi chinopolyf *

They refer also to another part of this report, where it is dated, 41 that the rajah of Tanjore, and Major Maclelhm, who commanded the company ' troops at Tanjore, represented the needfiry of reparation to the fortifications, and of reinforcements to the troops for defence of the country, and of artillery men tq work the guns in the forts, there being non$ at present there, but a few invalids. "

They. refer also to McflYs. Smith and Johnson’s minutes of the i8tbf of October 1780, before dated, where it is said, 44 That the first intelligence they bad of Hyder Ally ' s motions, was accompanied by accounts that his cavalry, bad actually burnt Conjeveram, and finding nothing to oppose them, were pushing on towards Madras; and that the majority neglected to take any one

1

licp

A ij8u DEBATES yj

flep by which their safety might be secured, until the enemy’s cavalry had entered into the heart of the Carnatic, and penetrated to a great extent, both north and south; and that for several days after the invasion, the fame un - happy indifference and inactivity prevailed. "

They refer also tq other parts of this report, where it appears that Sir Hector Munro, with his army, were in great want of provisions, both while they were at Conjeveram and in their retreat from thence, being at thefir&of thele places obliged to beat out paddy ( rice in ihe hulks ) for the immediate subsistence of his troops; and unable to march from thence with the whole of his force, in order to form a junction with colonel Baillie, for fear of abandoning this, the only Itore of provision which be had.

And your committee find, that Msuor George Manle, chief engineer at Fort St. George, haying, oh the 3 ill of July 1789, represented to the select committee, the necessity of, exoediting some works to the fort, which, he fays, would, before that time, have beeh in a com pleat date of defence, had near the quantity of materials which he had every reason to expect had been sup - plied; and having. applied for several other things to be done, which he thought necessary for jthe defence of the fort, the select committee gave orders accordingly.

. For the further, informatit > n of the House on this subject, your committee have inserted, in the Appendix an account of ordnance and military ( lores sent to Fort St. George from the year 1775 to 1779, both, inclusive; and also an account of arms, ordnance, ammunition, military ( lores, and provi - Eoust remaining at Fort St. George in December 1779 an January 1780. And your committeeobserving, That Sir Eyre Copce, in his several letters to the secretary at war and the court of directors, complains that Pondicherry, excepting the fortifications which had been dedroyecl, is in every other respect open and convenient for the reception of the French, in calc of their landing in that country; that when it was evacuated by our troops, on Hyder Ally’s invasion of the Carnatic, all the French inhabitants were left in undidurbed and ample possession of their houses, with only a resident to tend over them; the consequence of which has been that they have rjfen in arms, have robbed the resident, and wiffy fixed bayonets At 6s bread, obliged him to sign a paper, the contents of which he knew nor, and - have caked two orr three battalions of fepoys, which they call HyderV, and which he, no doubt, pays for, but which bear evident marks of t e choice of men being French, as they are chiefly composed of those who were formerly ' in their service, as dated before; and, as. the neglect of the company V servants in this irespect may be imputed as one cause of thepre - date of ibc. Qarnaqc, your committee have thought. it right to inquire mho. the conduct of the companyservants on this occasion; and they find, by the xath, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 22d, and 23d articles of capitulation fgx the surrender of Pondicherry, dat ' d the 17th October. 1778 £alf which. revinferred in the Appendix ) that the fortifications and public buildings of Poq&coerry were not to be destroyed until further indructions were received. /torn Funwc—that the ecclesiastic and religious orders, as well as the raif -

jprofeffing

TJo PARLIAMENTARY A. 17ft.

profefling the Protestant religion—that the French subject *, except military officers, were permitted to remain at Pondicherry, without molestation, and to enjoy the fame protection as the free subjects of his ' Britannic Majesty# and upon taking the oaths of allegiance to his Britannic Majesty, were allowed to trade under the protection of the British flag, and at all times to go wht - r ther they please—and that the fepoys, or other Indians, of whatever cast or religion they be, who had fevved under the French flag, Should not be troubled or molested in their possessions, or in their persons, on account of their services, and of their attachment towards the French nation; and that they, as well as all other French European, or Indian subjects, should be protected from the power of all Indian princes.

And your committee find, That the president and select committee of Fort St. George, in their letter to General Munro, of the aoth October 1778, approved, in general, the articles of capitulation, but expressed a wish that they had been left more at liberty with respect to the fortifications of Pondicherry; but General Munro, in his letter of the 23d of the fame month, defended his conduct in this resptCt, by referring to a letter from the secret committee of the court of directors, dated the 15th of April 1778, wherein it is said, " In case of a successful attack on Pondicherry, it will be expedient, as war is not yet declared again# France, that every thing should remain in the date it may be in at the time of the capture, as far as can be consistent iVith the company ' s possessions. "

And your committee find, That on the 14th of January 1779, the president and selectcommittee begun to make preparations for the demolifking the fortifications of Pondicherry; and having on the nth of March following, received further dispatches from the secret committee of the court of directors, dated the 31st of August preceding, by Colonel James Capper, they unanimously resolved, that the fortifications be demolished without loss of time; and that the nabob be applied to, to aflifl on this occasion with as many labourers from his country as he can possibly spare.

On the 31A of March, Inflructions were given to Captain Thomas Giels for this purpose, directing him to confine himself to the demolition of the fortifications, which mult be accomplished in the most effectual and expeditious manner.

And your committee find, That on the 29th of July 177 ^, the president and select committee resolved, that the only building within the town of Pondicherry that should be destroyed, was the powder magazine; and they gave directions for the destruction of it, as soon as the miners coaid be spared from the fortifications.

And your committee find. That on the 31st of October following. Captain Giels reported to the president and select committee, that the fortifications were effectually destroyed.

Your committee think it proper next to observe, That it appears by the proceeding of the president and select committee of Fort Sf. George, of the nth of March 1779, that it was Sir Eyre Coote ' s opinion, 44 That the force of the company was much too weak to afford a proper garrison for that place and for Madras; and that it would be utterly impossible to put an army in the field without abandoning Pondicheriy altogether, or leaving it in a slate lo insecure as to render it a sure sacrifice to any force, however inconfukrable, that might attack it.

Wiih

A. 1781; DEBATES; Si '

I \

With respect to the instructions ' given at ' the time that the troops were or" derpd to march from Pondicherry, in confluence of Hyder Ally’s intafion for removing from thence the French officers and veterans, and such other persons as it was improper to leave there, and the manner in which - theft inftni&ions wefe executed, your committee think proper to refcfr to extra&l of two letters from Colonel firaithUraite; commanding the troops at that place, of the 8th and nth of August 1780$ which ate all the information yon tommitttee can procure on this subject, and are aS follows. :

Extrdg dfd ktter from Coloriel Brdithwaite td committee at

Fart St, George, dated Pondicherry the 8 of August 1780.

" Honourable Sir, and SirS,

In consequence of the governor’s advice, to fend from hence the military French officers and veterans, and such persons as I thought, improper to remain in Pondicherry at this jundfcurc, 1 signified, by letter to Messrs. Pive - ron and Caginive, and all the military, that it was your orders that they rpuft prepare Co embark in twenty - four hours on board his Majesty’s ship Sartine, in order to go to Madras. — - My reasons for pitching on Mr. Piveron were, that as attorney general for the French King he might be excited to take a leading part in any attempt to re - establi ( h the French Bag here when I was gone, because there were many reports concerning him. and becauft he had long fiotc promised to repair to Madras, to withdraw an unjust memorial he had written in to you and had not been as good as his word; and because from his situation he might have great influence over the minds of the French inhabitants, and the natives lately subordinate to the French government : my reasons for pitching on Mr. Caginive were, that he was reported to be a great politician, and that his garden house was every Evening a place of general rendezvous for the French; when their difeoure naturally turned upon their own nation, and its present prospects in India; and I considered such meetings as likely to animate them imperceptibly to impro per conduct, and because, by Mr. Guy’s report, he had shewn repeated contempt of your authority, by refusing to shew the tide by which he held his plantation However, upon a long private convention with these gentlemen, in which I ' gave them a great deal of advice, which they promised to follow, I told them, that if they would declare in writing what they so readily declared in discourse, 1 would take upon me to dispense with their bdn hurried away in this manner, and that I was fore you would approvp of my conduct—they chearfully signed the enclosed declarations, and 1 haVd permitted them to remain 1 and 1 believe this alert on them has produced very good effects : I had other reasons also for permitting them to flay, which I shall have the honour of communicating in my letter to the gever nor—all the military who were in any liquation ro render service, 1 have sent, as you will fee by the enclosed lift : They complain much, the officers, as if

they have been suspected of breaking their paroles : 1 allure them no such thing is suspected, bur at the committee is bound to transmit them to Europe, and we may suddenly leave this place, it is necessary they should be at Madras, that the company may have it in their power to fulfil their engagements; and besides, should we be constrained suddenly to leave it, and the enemy were to come into it, it would be a ( hocking thing for you to V©L, ilI, M think

- 82. PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

think that brave gentlemen of honour might be reduced to suffer the most inhuman treatment in Consequ nce of their persisting in their parole *.

" This ' argument seems to have, weight with them, not but they want to " flay; and say, that even wa a French fleet to come, they would never in

• any. respect a# contrary to their parole *; and as to Hyder, he might cut them ‘ to piece *, but that they never would serve him.

" I have flopped off all the guns, among which are nine of Mr. Amclrick ’ s, for which I shall give him a receipt on the honourable company’s accounts.

I ami forty to inform you, that upon Captain Nodler’s having, as he patted through - here, pr ifed the btafs twelve pounders very much, I was at great trouble in fixing ammunition, and getting bullocks for them, as a brigade for the European battalion; but as Captain Rigault has positively declared them r unfit for immediate service, I have dismounted and embarked them, and the ‘ European corps will march without guns.

"I have also shipped oft as much powder and ( hot as his Majesty ( hipscan receive and have Cent other stores to the Sartine, till the last boats were feut

• back, the captain declaring that he could not receive a Angle thing more—I am now loading some Chilingas with powder to lend to Cuddalore—I hope other conveyances may arrive, or I shall have much to destroy.

4‘ 1 wiT not, honourable Sir and Sirs, trouble you with a detail of the difficulties I have had to encounter; they will occur to you : and if in some things I may have deviated from the regular mode prescribed for carrying on biifiness, I trufi you will rather commend than blame me for my exertions to

put the troops under my command in motion, and of cotirfe to furnish them with what was necessary; also to disencumber myself of powder and ( lores in the secureft manner : and if it shall be found in the end, that I have done this in as expeditious a manner as the ctrcomstances would admit, and without violating the capitulation, by using either force or menaces to any inhabitant of Pondicherry, or pUleffing myself of an atom of their property, or an hour of the -. r labour, that has not been paid for, I flatter myself that I shall have merit in your eyes; that I shall be exeufed for having given a receipt for money on the public account; more particularly when you will fee that I have given my own private security for nearly as much more.

" I have not signified to any one in Pondicherry, that I have yet received positive orders to move, of which I shall speak larther in my letter to the governor.

" There were some prisoners here under sentence of a court martial, ihe proceedings of which go by this conveyance to the Judge Advocate General : as there were fix of them tried for desertion to Hyder, 1 thought them very - improper incumbrances for this detachment, they are therefore lent on board the Sartine—Capta n Sydenham has been written to concerning them, and I have also advised the general of this measure with them; I also fend the French deferrer from Hyder’s army, who 1 am convinced is an importer.

" It would be unpardonable in me not to take this earliest opportunity to inform you of the great alliance 1 have received from Rear Admiral Sir Edward Hughes, - and all the commanders of his Majesty’s ships, nay, every individual in the fleet. —They have lhe ed that anxiety for promoting the public service on this occasion, which is the admiration of all the inhabitants of Pondicherry, who have been little ufod to foe such conduit in their marine.

A. 1781 DEBATES. 83

tod hare done every thing in To polite and hearty a manner, " that I have not word to express my obligations to them. The adrpiral only waits /or a wind, intending, to continue his course to the southward as loon as he can.

" 1 cannot, honourable Sir and Sirs, conclude this letter without recommending to your humane consideration the officers and veterans now sent to yoQ; many of them leave very distressed families, and will not be able even to support them/clves at Madras, unless allowed free quarters, and even perhaps some encrease of pay.

44 I particularly point out to you, old M. Manceau; his age and distrefiea would have induced me to pass him oves, but his - long acid - meritorious services, as an experienced and brave officer, make him too dangerous a man to be left within the reach of Hyder’s people, who would force him to be useful to himi in fjpite of his unwiiliogocfs to act.

' I beg leave to call to your mind, the particular situation of the women, and children of the detachment under Colonel Brown, who were left here to receive a monthly subsistence, which is actually flopped from the lbldiers at

Srrat, and ampunys to about one chousend pagodas per month. I shall now rtfer you to the monthly returns, - and shall only add, that there is a fair prof pe& of my moving by the night after to - mor/ow; and that 1 shall carry with me fifty - barrels of powder and a great deal of /pare musket ammunition, so as to be able, if it ( liouki be wanted, to pulh any immediate supplies Into the little frontier forts. I have already - fnrniftied Cuddalore with powder and fiores, and Pamacoit with fifty barrels of powder; and I hope to carry to meet the general, a great number of /pare bullocks, both draught and carriage : but with respect to provisions, as all here is the private ( lore of the in habitants, i fear 1 cannot do more than furnish myself for my march,

I have the honour to be, See,

BRAiTHWAITE. *

Extra# of a Letter from Colonel Braithvoaitc to the Fort Hi George, dated Campon the Red, Augnfi I ith, 1780.

46 Honourable Sir and Sirs,

44 1 have to aff : re you, that if you - do not. very soon fend protection to Pondicherry, the inhabitants will be gradually armed. I have reason to think the minor or polygar is a great rafeal : he never would come to or any of your commanding officers; and this afternoon, as soon as the lall guatd of mine was comeavlay, he went in great Hate to Mr. Piveron, and has proposed to arm a number of his own people, old French Sepoys. He lliouM be lent for to Madras.

. 1 have the honour to be. &c.

John Br ai ihw aite/ ’

Your committee will conclude with calling the attention of the House to the late period of the session at which they were appointed; and the huiry, in coasequence thereof, with which they have been obliged to prepare their report. Owing to this circumstance, they have been deprived of some parole evidence, which, they had reason to think, might have afforded information relative to the subject of their enquiry. To the fame cause it mull be attributed, if it shall appear that their report is not framed with so much concise -

M 2 nets,

« 4 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781

ness a it might otherwise hare been. They flatter themselvea the narrative and observations they hsve fuggerted for the information of the House, wil appear to be faithfully and accurately collected from the materials upon which the} are founded; and as to any defers of a different nature, they must fub - mit themselvps to the indulgence of the House,

Second REPORTfom the COMMITTEE SECRECT, appointed to inquirt

into the causes of the War in the CARNATIC and of the Condition of the

tish PoJfrssions in those Parts r

THE Cotnnrutree of Secrecy appointed to inquire into the pauses of the war that now i ' ubtifts in the Carnatic, and of the picfeot condition of the British possessians in those parts, and to report the same to the House, with their observations thereupon, in the course of their enquiries having found Several Special matters reluting to the conduit of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and John Whitehall, Esquire, wh > lft they were respelbvely governors and presidents of Fott St. George, and its dependencies, and also of their respective councils, whWi appear to them proper to be communicated to the House; have thought it their duty to makp ft report of those special matters as early as it has been possible for them so to do, without waiting till their further enquiries shall have enabled them to complete a general report on the causes of the late difarters in the Carnatic, which they have reason to ’ believe will depiand their greatert diligence and attention for a contiderable /pace of time longer.

Your committee find, that on the ijth day of June x777, the court of di reltors of the East India company granted a commission under their seal, bating, that in the year 177$ they had appointed Lord Pigot president and governor of Madras; and that he having taken upon him the government aforesaid, had been violeutly removed from h s office, of which they highly dif - approved—They thereby reltored, conit itured, and re - appoipted Lord Pigot immediately after the publication of the commission at Fort St. George; and also courtituted and ordained Thomas Rumbold to be 2d in council, Major Hector Munro jd, but not to rife to any lupenor rank, John Whitehill 4th, Charles Smith 5th, Samuel Johnson 6th, Peter Perring 7th, Alexander Da - vidfen 8th, John Holland g h, and James Daniel 10th; provided, that when any three of the above mentioned Rumbold, Whitehill, Munro, Smith, Johnson, and Perring, should arrive to take upon them their office of councillors, then the appointment of Davidson, Holland, and Daniel ( hoold be void. —That this commission gives to the governor and council full power and authority to rule and govern all Tailors and servants, and all Soldiers and inhabitants in Fort St. George and elsewhere, subjeli nevertheless to thefuper - intending and controlling power of the governor general and council ot Bengal, authorized by the 13th George III. and according to such inrtrultions and directions as they should from time to time receive under the hands of

thirteen7 *

A 1581. DEBATES.

8 *

thirteen or more of the directors. —That the commission established a fuc - cethoo to the government, and offices of councillors in regular gradation, with an exception to General Munro; and that this commission was not accompanied with any collateral instructions, and was in the lame terms with those to all their governors.

Sir Thomas Rum bold appeared to your committee to have bound him felt by three separate covenants, entered into with the company, to the fbl - lowing purport:

The ft covenant, dated 25th June 1777 recites Sir Thomas Rumboldh engagement to serve them as councillor for 40, 000 pagodas per annum, to be computed from his embarkation; and he becomes bound to obey all or ders of the directors, made or to be made, and to fulfil all orders which he then received, of should thereafter receive, that he would relict all such at ( bould endeavour to break those orders, and give intelligence of such endeavours to the court of directors, and specify the names of the persons so disobeying : And also covenanted to abstain rrom trading, directly or indite&ly and bound himself not to plead or demur to any bill seeking a discovery of illicit trade.

That by the ad covenant, 26th June 1777 he engaged, whilst he remained in the company’s service in any station or capacity, that he should not, bp himself or others receive any grant of lands, or rents issuing our of lands from any Indian princes, ( flaring their various fcripiions ) or their servants or any money, jewels, or other effects, for any services to be performed by him to them; and that all such gilts should be construed to be for the use of the company.

That by the 3d covenant, dated lyth June 1777, in consideration of his being appointed governor, and of 40, 000 Pagodas per annum salary, and of being allowed to reside in the Fort House, with the use of the plate and furniture, and of being allowed a commission on coral as usual, he bound himself to carry on no trade except that of the company, and alto excepting tht tale of such goods and merchandize as he should have upon hand unfold at tbs time of his taking upon him the government, and also excepting the collection of such debts as should be owing to him at that time, m respcCfc of trade theretofore carried on; and further bound himself, that before be should proceed to recover any such debts, he should deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the president and council at the council board, on oath, a speciiic and particular account of all such loans ( if any ) as he Humid have been concerned in, and should specily and declare how such loans respectively were due and secured, and describe the whole transactiou from the beginning of such loans : and also, that he would accept and take such salary and allowances in full satisfaction of all fees of office, perquilircs, emoluments, and advantages whatsoever, and that he would not, directly or indirectly, on any pretext whatsoever, take or receive any others. —He further covenanted to specify in the same manner all goods and merchandize of which he should be possessed, and to dispose of the fame in the space of three months; that he should lead no money to the country powers or their agents, and if any such loans had been made, that he should specify and declare all the circumftsnces from its commencement. —That this covenant contains the fame clauses as the former respecting his pleading or demurring to a bill of discovery j and

that

86 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

that the penalties are 100 per cent, on trade; the fame on any money lent to - princes or their agents; and 200 per cent on all presents.

The Salary and emoluments appeared to your committee to be about £•16, 000 per annum, and that the commission on coral appears to amount to about £, 2, ooqper annumf the u hole mating about 18, coo.

And your committee find, that the government of Madras is : rendered sub - ', ordinate to the government general ot Bengal, by 13 Ged. III. c. 63; which ena&s, that the governor general and council, or the, major part of > them, shall have, and they are hereby authorized to have, power of fup£rin. v v tending and controlling ' the government and management of the prelideacic of Madras, Bombay, and Bencoolen respectively, so far and infoinuchas that - it shall not be lawful for any president and council of Madras, Bombay, or. Bencoolen, for the time being, to make any orders for commencing holtili - ties, or declaring or making war against any Indian princes or powers, pr for negotiating or concluding any treaty of peace or other. treaty, with any such Indian princes or powers, without the consent and approbation of the said governor general and council first had and obtained, except in fuchjeafes of imminent nfcceflity a&woukl render it dangerous to postpone such hoiliiitiea or treaties until the orders from the governor general and council might arrive, and except in such cases where. the said preiidents and councils respect- ttFely shall have received special orders from the said united company; and any president and council of Madras, Bombay, orBencoolcp, w ' holhali offend in any of the cases a fore said, shall be liable to be suspended from his or their office, by the order of the said governor general and council : and every president and council of Madras, Bombay, and Bencooiea, for the time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively directed and required to pay due. obedience to such orders as they shall receive, touching the premiles, from. the said governor general and council for the time being, and am ft am ly and diligently to transmit to the said governor general and council, advice and intelligence of all ttanfadlions and matters whatsoever, that Until come to their knowledge, relating to the government revenues or interests of the said united company; and thp laid governor general and council for he time being shall, and they are hereby directed and required to pay due obedience to all inch orders as tivy shall receive from the court of directors of the said united company, and to correspond from time to time, and confiantjy and diligently tranl ' niit to the said i. ouit, an. ex ittparticular of all advices or intelligence, and of all transi ’ ttmns and matters whatsoever that shall come to their knowledge, relating tb the government, commerce, revenues, or intercit of the fi id united company.

1 They also found, that Mr. Wi. itehill having been appointed third in council, and having entered into covenants of the fame nature, Hated in theap - jicndix, set out for India, by land, soon after his appointment, and arrived ui Madras on the 31 ft Atigoft 1777; and that being the senior councillor then on the spot, he acted as prclident and governor till the Sth. of February following, when Sir Thomas Kumbold arrived at Madras.

They find, tfcat the hall India Company are in possession of the northern Circars, for which Poirmaund was granted by the Mogul Shaw Allum, dated 12th August 176 ;, and another grap; by the nizatn of the Decan, dated at Hyderabad ( ms capital ) on the 12th November 1766; that on the 12th 4 April

A > i y81• DEBATES ) 87

April 1775, the ' comt of directors gave explicit orders to their governor and council at Madras, respecting the northern Circars and Jaghite lands, to the following purport : they represented, that one object of the early attention of the governor and council mud be to acquire a com pleat knowledge of those territories which had been granted to the company on the coast of Coromandel, and toestablish a judicious and permanent system for their future management, dating certain reasons why it is expedient to increase their strength in their own possessions without diminishing the resources for invest - ntents, and for carrying on the government; and that they are well assured the Jaghire lands ancT northern Circars, especially the latter, would be found capable of answering that desirable purpose, if duly explored and properly regulated; they therefore directed, that when the affairs of Tanjore shall be finally adjusted, a committee of the council of Fort St. George, ' confiding of five members, should be appointed to make the circuit of the northern Circars; that they should ascertain, with all possible exactness, the produce of the country, the number of inhabitants, - the date of the raanufa&uVes, the fortified places, the gross amount of the revenues, the articles from which they arise, the mode by which they are collected, the charges of collection, the specific proportion usually received by the rajah or zemindar, and that which cudom and usage allotted to the cultivator as the reward of his labour; and that the committee of circuit were also particularly to enquire what security the native had for his property, what courts there were for the administration otjuftiee, and how tar similar regulations to those then lately established at Bengal by the preiident and council of that presidency, might, with propriety, be introduced into the northern Circars; that it was by no means their wish to deprive the hereditary rajahs or zemindars of their annual income, on the contrary, that they meant to secure it to them without leaving them under the necessity of keeping an armed force to compel payment thereof; and also, that it was their earned delire to deliver the inhabitants, so far as it might be in their power, from undue exactions and opprelfions j and that the impropriety of suffering any zemindar to become formidable to his neighbours, or too powerful, would, not admit of a doubt; that they never approved the policy of the company ' s late governor and council, in consenting to accept a fmail tribute, or such composition for lands as Sitteram Rauze might think proper to make, without ascertaimitg in any degree the value of such lands; and, that if it was true, that his power had therefore rendered it dangerous to rifle his displeaftire by admitting competitors to bid for lands, ( o it was high time to correct that fyliern, and to disallow the keeping of other troops than the company ' s in the Circars, more especially as such troops were notsubjed to the company ' s orders, but rendered their tenants left dependant than they ought to be upon the company ' s authority and controul; and in order to enable the company to tlrike at the root of that evil, the committee of circuit were directed to take the most effectual measures for ascertaining the strength of each rajah, zemindar, or landholder in the Circars; the expence of his houshold and that of his troops, the means he might have of defraying such expences, and the number of regular fepoys which it would be necessary for the company to maintain in the respective distri&s, in order to keep them in due subjection : and as an addition of military strength within the company’s possessions seemed so absolutely necesiary, and

as

L.

88 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ti they could have no doubt but that with proper mconomy a Considerfcbl® force might be maintained in the Circars, and the annual rent or tribute remitted to the company’s treasury at Fort St. George be nevertheless considerably increased, they therefore resolved, that every military man reSding in the Circats, should be absolutely under the company ' s command, ' obliged to serve the company wherever he might - be Wanted; and not left at liberty to take part with the company’s enemies in case troubles should afife in the ' country. And after having fully investigated the provincial accounts of the Circars, if any of the zemindars should prefer receiving their incorise from the company, and relinquish their hereditary claims, the directors had no jobjeltion to allowing them such ( Upends as should be found rea ( onable, ill lieu of the benefits arising from their zeroindaries. And as it was the company’s intention, on the expiration of the present leases, that the cofnniit - tee of circuir should proceed to let the lands for a term Of year !, in the fame jmanner as had been practised at Bengal, it was the company’s order, that the zemindars should have their option of retiring upon - ( Upends, or of continuing to rent the lands at a proper valuation; but it was a politive command, that the proportion of the produce to be received by farmers of every denomination, should be ascertained and exactly defined; and that it should be an express condition in every lease, that all farmers who should exalt mdre thad their due proportion from the undertenants, should toifeit their farms 1 and the governor and council were to take especial care that the means of i cdrefs in case of imposition or oppression, should be rendered as easy as poffibk : and the court of dirdtors, in their letter, Hated these as the outlines of the plan which they wished to fee adopted for the Circars. That in regard to the Jaghire lands, many confederations induced them to keep the fame in the company ' s immediate possession; and unless the nabob agreed to such arrangements as the company deemed necessary for mutual advantage, the di - idtars would no longer consent to his renting the Jaghire lands, as italmost enabled him to ( hut the company up within the walls of Madras, and even to prevent them from obtaining a proper supply of provisions for their Cct tlement; they therefore directed that the governor and council should conclude no agreement with the nabob for the above mentioned lands for more than one year, and that it should be an express condition in such agreement that the committee of circuit should be at full liberty to explore the country, and to ascertain the real produce and revenue thereof, in the manner described in the instructions respecting the northern Circars.

And your committee find, that on the 28th June 1776, Sir Robert Fletcher. delivered it as, his opinion in council, that the time limited by the company for the appointment or the committee of circuit had been long expired, and - that the efiabliftiment of it ought no longer to be delayed; and atfo find, that from this time forward down to the 24th Aoguft ( the day on which Lord Pigot was imprisoned ) much altercation took place in the Madras confutations, respecting the nomination of the persons who should serve on thisr committee of circuit, this patter being implicated with the dissentions which subsisted between Lord Pigot and a part of his council. —It appeared to your, committee, that Messrs. Stratton and his council, after the depofirion of Lord Pigot, took up the consideration of this matter on the 29th of Augoft 1776, and appointed three new members to be of the committee of circuit

A. 1781. D £ H AT E & 89

fa fbe room of thfac gentlemen whom they had suspended from their offieea in council *; and that on the iftof November 1776, instructions were sent to the committee of chttrit, which then confided of Meffirs. Johnfoft, Floyer, frerring, Hotfdnd, and Crawford, with MefTrs. Tuder, Jackson, Russel, tod Gregory, who were appointed their assistants - that in these inttru&oosj I he governor and council rcferfed almost entirely to the letter from the court of directors of the 12th of April 1775, observing, that it was so explicit that nothing could be added to it; and directing, that as soon at certain members named should arrive at Vizagapatam4 the committee should proceed to tarry on their Inquiry in the mertk expeditious and effectual manner possible; and ynur committee observe *, that the governor and council dated in these fatlru£tions, that when their preftdent ( Mr. Stratton ) was in the chicaeole Circar, Juggernaut Rauze, the present renter of the Havilly lands ( forwhidt the company now received only 170, 000 rupees per annum ) offered if they were let to him, that he would give 210, 060 rupees per annum for to years, and 410, 000 rupees per annum for 10 yean more. In expectation of a const - derable unprovent from this cireumftance, the select committee required that the value of these land should be ascertained with some degree of precision. — Your committee perceived a great disposition shewn in these irittfuction *, to advert to the hereditary rights of the Zemindars, and a desire that in every, dittrict enquiry should be made into the nature of the grants, by which lands of every defcfiption were holden, by whom those grants were made, what the produce was, and to What purpose applied.

And your committee find, That on the 4th January 1777 a quorum of the comm ittee of circuit proceeded on their buuness, being allowed coloners pay and bate for themselves, and captain ' s pay and batta for their allittants, ift consequence of a request by letter of the 28th of January 1777; which was afterwards objected to by the court of directors, as greater than was ne - ctiTary. —It appears to your Committee, that Mri Stratton ' s government much approved of the institution of the committee of circuit, from their ad vesting to it immediately upon their accession and from the mttfuctions which were given by them : - Ti ) at Mr. Whitehill and his government no less approved of it, appeared ftom the Madras revenue confutations of the th of December 1777; which ttates, that the board observed that a variety of causes bad - combined to impede the execution of the directors ' orders, relative to the committee of circuit, and that they were justly sensible of the advantages to be derived from the due discharge of that important commission, and that they refblved the business ( hoU ) d be prosecuted without loss of time and therefore proceeded to fiH up the vacancies which had happened.

ft also appeared to your Committee,. That certain offers having been transmitted from Ganjam to Mr. Whitehill and the council, for iffereafing the company ' s revenue upon long leases, they kept the company ' s orders in view, and fort bo re to give any opinion of the means proposed, anti ! they should receive the report of the committee of circuit; end rtfolved, thst the bigheft offer for one year only should be accepted 5 and that they wrote a letter to Ganjam on the 10th o iDecember 1777, to that efie&, and on the 17th continued the Jaghiie lands to the nabob for one year only. - - From hence it appeered, that the two governments which preceded that of Sir Thomas Rom - bold, saw 1 his mceferc in the fame light with thecoun of directorf *

Vol. 111. N. Your

90 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

Your committee find. That two months after the date of this minute, viz on the 8th of February 1778, Sir Thomas Kumbold arrived at Madras, ami took upon him the government; ar. d that io about six weeks after, viz. on the 24th of March 1778, he began, the abolition of this committee. At a con fuitation on that day. Sir Thomas Kumbold, Mr. Whttehill, General Munrt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Johnlbn, and Mr. Perring being present, the presidentap ] > cars to your committee to have delivered in a minute, which dates, that when the court of directors appointed five members of the board for this fer vice, he finds by the records that their orders had not for some time been put in execution; but that at last a committee had been formed and lent : that ( he expence was great, and from the reduction of the members of the council, it was impossible that they could now be appointed for that service ., 44 I re commend ( { ' ays he ) as a much more eligible plan, for the prefer, jhat the committee do not proceed, but that the zemindars of the different distiicis in the northern Circars be dire died to repair immediately, and without lots of time, to the preiidency, which, 1 am perfuaJcd, will give us an opportunity of gaining the mod coin pleat knowledge of the date of the company Circars, so - important to them, i am the more confirmed in this opinion, when i ie tier !, that hitherto the different zemindars have in some degree been taught ro consider the subordinate set elements under which they were, at the government itself, and a communication between them and the presidency has been in a great measureent off. The settling the jemmabundy ( or tribute ) here,

. will give them a confidence in this government, and teach them to look up to us for protection. They wiH of course be very readydn ail cases where they may suppole themselves injured, to make a final appeal to this board; and I have no doubt weihall, from a thorough invedigation, and /rjm the intor mutton we receive, obtain a perfect knowledge of those Circars, - in a shorter ti. uc than we can from the enquiries of the committee of circuit for that purpose, travelling under many d if id vantages, and at a great expence It will lie the means of removing all intrigues and intereds, which ever operate to the detriment of the company. As I purpose entering more fully into this subject in a future minute, I move that the zemindars in all the northern C rears be immediately ordered to proceed to the presidency, to settle the en firing jemnsabundy; and that the company’s dubathes ( agents ) at the different subordtnaUs, who have generally been employed in the bi finds of revenge, be ordered here also. "

Ymtr committee also find, from the same consultations, That the members _ of the council concurred \yith their president in these terms, and taking into con fider. it ion the subject of the pretidenc ’ s. minute, are icnfible of the propriety and force of the arguments he has made use of in support of the po ms which are therein recommended; and be. ng persuaded that they are calculated to promote the interest of the company, they do not hehtare to give : he : r hearty concurrence rewards the attainment ot that deli ruble end.

% l Relblvtd therriorc, That the appointment ofacommittre cf circuit be for the prt four suspended; and that the gentlemen who compote that committee, be informed that they arc no longer to consider themftives as members thereof.

44 Rclolved, for the riafons set forth in the president ' s minute, That the ao - iniul rent r jemmabundy of the several distridks of thele northern circars, he in future fe tied at the presidency; and th t the gentlemen at the several fubotdn. ate jculciueuis Lc directed to signily to the zemindars. uucur them, 4 and

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

91

and to the mufinedars of the respective countries, that it is oor order they proreed hither for this purpose, without loss of time j and that the dubaihcs alfu repair hither *

And the more effectually to secure compliance with this order, it is further refblavd, That the pr. fident do write a feoarate letter to each of the zemindars, a copy < f which is to be transmitted to the chiefs and councils of the tefpe£Uve fctdements for their information they niuft also be directed to reprefeor, in the strongest manner, to the Semind < « rs, the necelfity of im -

Elicit acqukfccoce on their part, and the danger of incurring our displeasure, y ( hewing the Totalled reluctance or utiwillingnrfs to obey our commands, which they are to be told will be enforced in case they should not meet with a ready compliance. ' *

Your committee find, That the president then obfeped to; he board, that having carefully perused the records rcf eiling Vizeram. Rauze, it will be treeflary to be particularly urgent with him. —That he proposed, that the letter to Vizeram Rauze should be varied accordingly f ai « d that the chief and council at. Vizagapatam should be instrucded to impress upon his mind the pcceihry of paying immediate attention to their orders, and the confe - qucoces which mud inevitably attend delay; and that he recommended that this zemindar should be furnished with an efcortof two companies of ( epoys, uh. rb was ordered accordingly.

In tb£ abolition of the committee of circuit, your committee do not find that any deliberation, or any time for confident km, was required on the part of the council, bot. that this matter was adopted by them as soon as it was proposed by their president.

I appeared to your committee, Tharin the C rear of Chicacole, Vizeram tUaze - is zemindar of Vizinagram, whole territory is of great ' extent, and •bole disposition is dclcnbrd by letter from the chiet and council of Vizaga - paum, dated 6th November 1777. to be that of a man of no great ability, and iiuposed upon by his brother, Sitteram Rauze, a man in their cfbmarion of very bad public chara6Wr; and that Juggernaut Rauze, duan of Sitteratn Rauze. is represented in all the evidence laid before your commute as a man of ability amt justice— Your committee thought proper on this subject ro examine colonel imtibews. whole residence in the Clears from 1773 to 1776 enabled him to judge of the character of the three perl ’ ons above - mentioned; and he gave the committee the following information respecting them

•That Vizeram Rauze was the rajah, but the power of the country u : «.. in she hand of Sitteram Rauze. whoft dewan JaggeYnaut w « 3, although tintl. - fc ’ Ud to be attached to Vizeram Rauze, with whom he was connected by murage He described Sitteram Rauze as a very sensible man, hut who would flick at nothing to carry his point, and has been guilty of many atrocious crimes. lie represented Vizeram Rauze as rather weak than otherwifr, bat a mild - tempered and humane man— - rather improper to manage his affairs, as being addicted to pleasure, and no ways attentive to buli e ’ s. —From his knowledge of Juggernaut Rauze, colo > el Matthews thought, that with his afliflancei as dewan, the affairsof the country might have been managed by Vizeram Rauze; meaning, however, in saying this, that the admiaifiration fboald rest entirely with Jaggernaut Rfnze, who wat a man of feme, of general food ehara&er, and considered as one who would manage the affairs of the country with lenity and just ice.

N a

92, PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1,

It appeared to your committee, That on the 25th November 1777, a little more than two months preceding the arrival of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Vize yam Rauze had been ordered down to Madras by Mr. Whitehiil apd council; the reason for which is dated in their letter to the chief and coun; il of Vizagapatam, to be, that it is uecefTary he should attend at the presidency, in order to give particular information respecting forne points contained in a letter from them of the 6th November, which treated of the general date of the chicacole Circar; but that Mr. Johnson, who had been chief of Yi/. a, gapatam, dissented from this refutation, for the reasons assigned by him •and the subordinate council in their letter to the presideocy of the 50th of Auguff, to which he referred.

Your committee, however, find, that Mr. Whitehiil and council, on the 37th of November, wrote to Vizeram Rauze, ordering him to Madras and acquainting him, that out of compliment a company of fepoys should cfcort b ' im thither.

On perusing the letter alluded to by Mr. Johnson, the reasons assigned appeared to be these—the approaching harvest—the expected inroads of thg Hill people, and of the Marattas—Vixcram Rauze’s large debts—the dif turbance which continually attend his absence, which are defer lied cube such as deterred the weavers from their work ( which was already in some measure the case, from the bare report of his intended journey ) and confe - questly that the invelhnently woul dbe impeded. —That the difficulties which the committee of circuit had hitherto met with, would be augmented to such a degree, that their bofmefs muff be suspended until the rajah ' s return j whereas, if he remained, the invefftgAtion of his zemindary might be tc ported to the committee in three months; a circunvftance that would after - tain the tribute in future, and which would probably increase it above two lacks for the first in bailments; but that this increase would unavoidably be loll on the next installments, if the enquiry were impeded or suspended.

It appeared, that this letter, adopted by Mr. Johnson in his minute, ear -, neffly re quelled, that the Rajah ' s orders should be countermanded, or it lie should have set our, that he might be circled to return speedily; and pro - 4 ceeded in these words : " as to Sitteram Rauze, his absence will be highly pleating to all degrees of people; and we cannot help expressing our sinceva with, that he may never be permitted to return, as we are fully persuaded this is the only means of keeping the Circar in perfect tranquility " 1

Your committe found, that on the 24th of December 1777, the gendemen of Vizagapatam represented to the presidcncy of Madras, the reluctance ov Vizeram Rauze, to comply with their orders, giving as a reason. that he was much in debt; that - his credit was funk by ms being out of potiufton of his ancient r ( bride nee; that he was apprehensive of deffru&ive inroads from his neighbrours during his absence, and that be was ready to settle with the council at Vizagapatam for any reafmable tribute. —These reasons are coni firmed by letter from the rajah himselfof the fame date, which accompanied the former; wherein he fays, that Jaggernaut Rauze will in a few days fee out for Madras, and that his vakeel will accompany him with his prei ' etus, and that these two w jll transa# his buffness—that it i$ now the time of harvcli, which requires his whole attention; that he muff difehafge his debt to the foukar or banker, ' incurred by procuring draft in favour ' of the company—7

44 that

CjOOqI '

A ., 178u DEBATES, r 9. 3

" that he has got to pay the company’s payments entirelyand that the disturbances in nis country have not yet fob tided, which,. against his will *, prevent his coming to Madras —And your committee also find, that he complains in general of his poverty, and that his brother, Sitieram Rauze, is contriving his ruin. —It appeared to your committee, that previous, to this, time Sitteram Rauze had voluntarily come to Madras; for on the 17th December, the prrfidenr, Mr. Whitehill, acquainted the Board, that Sitteram, who had been some time at Madras, had applied to deliver 19 pippof. ils for. the renting the Havilly lands, which appear to have been accepted in Mr. Whitehill’s government, and will be dated hereafter.

It further appeared, that on the 27th of February 1778, Sir Thomas Rumbold acquainted the b. > ard, that not having had leisure lince his arrival to underiland sufficiently the affairs relating to the revenue committee of cir - cpit and chicacolc Ctrcar, desired the board would defer the consideration of thefesubjedb; which was aljented to; but that on the i$chof April, when the consideration of these matters was refunded, the chief and council at Ganjath were ordered to direct all the zemindars dependant on that settlement, to repair to Madras without loss of time, together with Ball Killnab, the company’s interpreter—that like orders were given to Mazulipatam at the, fame time, and thofo of Vizagapatain had been ordered down by letters of the 4th of April 1778.

The sentiments of the subordinate chiefs and councils with regard to this measure, appeared to your comriiittee from their letters on this subject; for. on die 3d of May 1778, the gentlemen of Mazulipatam acquainted the pre - '. fideoey, that a translation of the governor’s letter bad been circulated amongst, the zemindars, together with a preiling letter from the chief, recommend *, ing immediate obedience; to Which letter several answers had been received, which mull have been unfavourable, as the orders are jepeatedto the zemin -. dais on the 13th of May—this letter of the 3d of May is found to contain the following passage:

" The departure of the zemindars. &c, to the presidency, at this time, leaves ns little room to hope that they will be able to negotiate bills with their foucars, ( b that we may receive any considerable part of the heavy ks ( h ( inflallments ) now due from them during their absence, which otherwise we were in expectation they would have accounted for in full, they having been ordered, and many of them having actually repaired hither for that purpose. "

. It appeared to your committee, that on the 13th May, at tMJatpe time, ( hat the orders to the zemindars were repeated, the president observed *. that calling down the zemindars had not impeded the payment of the balances, amounting to upwards of 3, 68, 000 rupees. The correspondence. aboyementioned shewed toyour committee the lemiments of the gentlemen at Mazulipatam; and the sentiments of the zemindars themselves appeared by fere nl letters, written by some of the most considerable of that class, to the chief of Mazulipatam, dating the irreparable injury which an absence from their lands would occasion to their private stairs, and consequently to the regularity of their payments to the company; and that on the 2 id of May the council of Mazulipatam, in ananswer toa letter from the board, represented that they had used their ucmoll endeavours and that the mod ctfcctual *. mean#

94

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 17&1

mean# bad been taken which they could d vise, ro obtain a compliance with their orders; and acquainted them ot eight zemindars by name, who bad taken leave, or set out : and that on the 1 ith of July, the gentlcim n of Ma - zulipatam further rcpiefent d the difficulties of eettiin zcndndais to proceed ti Madra3 - —one in particular averting, shot lie Piould find the greatest difficulty in Tilling n sum to defray the expence of his journey having scarcely sufficiew to support hi midland his family; and that others had promised to go, its toon as they could raise money t defray their expence

The following passage is found to conclude this letter : t ( the departure of the principal zemindars fr ' Qm rhefe countries leaving us deftbuteot pecuniary refburces, whdfi our demands are 1 kely to increase, we find it me dary to inak a particular representarion thereof, md Harter ouilclves, that ti. e tup - ply wh : ch, firohi the statement that will he now bid before you, uv y appear to be re « xflVv, will be granted as speedily as; hc n. : me of Ui b business will edmit; we fi d it necefliry however to intreat, that you will grant us Ibirc immediate affifiai. ee, without which our chief iep; : ts to us, that ali ovir buli - t > cA imifi be at a stand. ‘ *

Co this representation, the Board at Madras appears to h ive allowed them to draw monthly bids < n the presideiicv.

The fenritm ’ ms of the company’s servants, and of the zemindars in Ganjam, were colie&ed by your committee from the following documents

On the 55111 May, the com. any’s servants at Ganjam w rote to the board in thd ’ e tctiTis : kt Irom the tenor of the zemindars Ieiierg to rho chief, as well as from our ow n knowledge, we are well allured of their inability, were they so well inclined, to proceed to the prelidency at rhio jur. &ure; atuF we shouldholdomfel ' es wanting in the duty we owe to your honours, ice. did we not point out, to the belt of our knowledge, the difficulties uhicl; would •rife from fii. h procedure —Tn the ft It pLce. we beg leave to make a date irf nt of the bain css due ro the coir p my Irom the zemiujjars you ha - e b cn pleased to order up front the prelidency.

4 We are convinced that theic zemindars would with cbcarfulntf proceed to the presid '. my, were they in a capaviry to defray the essences ol fb 1 ing a journey; but we can wu h a degree of ce. taiuty inform you, h < U those zemindars, so fur from King in a capacity to travel, ate scarcely tro % abled to maintain their families with c ' - mm n decency at home. In this letter several petitions are inclosed, prefctired by the principal zemindars, reptefenting their inability to perform the journey, for want of money, and many o ' her season ?; :. nd among others, one of them makes tins apology, that he is so exceedingly far, that he has been unable to wa k out of his house for many veirs.

The eft ' £1 of this measure, in calling down Vizerani Rnuze, was dated by the gentlemen of \ izaganatatn, on the 3d ot July, in rhefe terms 1 % % Unless we reccire y « iur affifiance, in thecourfcol a month, we shall be rh great dill refs for means to make the usual monthly payments. Our. in - rest men t is alre dyn arlv at a Hand. " And this they aferibe to Sitteram Rauze ' s wa - 1 of punctuality in the making of his large payments due, and to the absence of VizrMm and Juggernaut ar the prelidency.

And o. r committee find. That the chief of Garjam writes to the prel\ drncy, on x; th of June 1778 *, dating, that kc should make tfce r j. « b of

Gumfoor,

A i ) 8i, DEBATES *

Gumfoor, when he arrived, fieri fible of his difrefpedfcful iilence to his letter—

" Your honour, fayi he, ' may easily conclude, from their savage ignorance how difficult an undertaking it will be perluade Vickeram Bunge, the n « jah, or indeed any ocher rajah *, to comply with the orders of the board w th regard to their proceeding to the preiidcncy. Poverty, and their largo balances to the company, and their inabi ity to dvfcharge them, are the only ctcules which ought to be admitted. 1 *

Your committee have Hated above, that the board at Mazulipntam had, by letter of the 23d of May, apprised the prtfidency, that certain zemindars had set out; and they find ( bat this letter was received at Madras on the 12th of June, and that on the 15th, which was three days afterwards, the prefi. lency directed the gentlemen at M. uu. iparain to advertise for propofalt to rent the several farms under their management, for 5, 8, or to years; hut that on the 3d of July they were informed from Mazufipatam, chat no pro poia.’s whatever had been received.

It appears to your committee. That the court ofdireflort, in their general leuer to Madras, dated the xoth of January 1781, animadvert upon this, and acquaint that preiidency, that it does ror appear to them chat any proposals could be cxpe&ed, as ahr. oft all those whole liruation enabled them to b; d. were at that time called down to the preiidency.

Thus it appeared to your committee, That remon ft ranees were made from every one of the subordinate lettkiuents, from whence the zemindars were ordered to Madras; and that the zemindars themle. vcs, in every one of them, compLined of it, as a great hary ’ ship imposed upon them, as ruinous to their own private affairs, and conitquently detrimental to the iaterest of the company.

In one in dance the preiidency appears to have felt, in fame degree, the weight of the reufoning both of the zemindars and their own servants; for in a letter to Ganjam, the a ft of July 1778, they dispenscJ with the personal attendance of the zemindars, and ordered the renters and mufmedars of the 6x principal zemindars to icpair to the preiidency.

It also appears to your committee, That notwithstanding this uniformity of opinion in all the subordina. e fectleiuents, and this universal reluctmce on the parr of the zemindars, that the governor and council ( excepting Mr. Smith and Mr. Johnson ) never relinquished the menfu e; but on the con - trap, ih. it the president’s minute of the 20th ot July 1778, ftaiet many of them as having arrived at the preiidency.

Your committee finding much reason to rely on the experience and judg raenc of Colonel Matthews, examined hint as to the general opinion at Madras and in the Circars, respeifting the policy of sbolishing ibe committee of circuit, and requiring the personal attendance of the zemindars : he ill - formed them, th. t when he arrived at Madras in July 1778, he found many of the rajahs and zerrindats there, but that several had refilled to come, for it eras in general elrecmed by the people of the country to be an unjust ami •nncccffhry measurt; tied that the general opinion was, that the lands might have been let as iveil wihout their coming to Madras; and that undoubtedly the committee ot circrt, being on the fpor, would belt have judged of the value, and not have received dithint reports fr «. m others; and that from hi JUiowUdge ui the lit nation ami dispositions of the zemiudars and other inhabi - " rants

$6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

tants of the Circars, the bringing the former down to Madras was certainly a very ostensive measur. The distance from Vizagapatam to Madras he informed them was 5 50 ' miles, and from Gaujam 720. —Colonel Matthews also informed your committee, that he was of opinion that it was more for the its - tered of the company, and the security of the revenue, that ’ the country should be under Juggernaut, than under Sitteram Rauzc.

The nest objefi of your committee’s attention, was the manner in which the different zemindar had been treated wi. h, during their residenceac Ma - dras, in regard to the leases of their lands; which appeared never to hare been by the board collectively, nor in conference of any investigation before them, but merely by the governor in person, whose report was in every infiance held to be sufficient.

They find that the firit negotiation in person was between Sitteram Rauze, when be came to Madras, and Mr Whirehill, then governor; for it appears, that on the 18th of November 1777, proposals haa been communicated by the committee of circuit, from Padnab Rauze, for renting the Havilly lands in the Chicacolc dilirict, and Colli racotah; but that on the 19th of December the president. ( Mr. YVhrtehiU ) laid before the board other propo - lals from Sitteram Rauze, which exceeded the former by 5, 00 rupees on each individual article; and that these lands were, without further mvefli gation, or without any conditions favourable to the under tenants, let to Sitteram Rauze for a term of ten years. Mr % Smith and Mr Johnson are found to have. difygreed to the acceptance of these proposals; but by Mr. Perring’s joining with the president, the question was carried by the casting vote of the latter.. Your committee found the records of the company contained very unfavourable representations of the character and disposition of Sitteram Rauze, and evinced, that he had been deprived of considerable power. Hud authority, to which this act, in a great measure restored him.

Your committee find, That the chief and council of Vizagapatam represented, by a letter of the 17th of January 1778, that the practice bad ever been to receive reports of the ability and character of t ofe who proposed for Scales from the chief and council; and that although they had been mortified. by being overlooked in this iniiacce, yet they were impelled by duty to ( late. many inconvmieucies from this new arrangement; that Padnab Rauze had no idea of being out - bid by any one at the presidency, and if he had fuf - petfted it, he would have bid more, and was ready to give 40, 000 rupees more than bitteiam Rauze had offered; that Padnab was a man of fubfiance,. and much beloved as ajmt man, but as to Sitteram Rauze, they refer for his character to his former behaviour in this very diilritt, and the chara&tr given of him by the coimnittee of circuit—It further appeared to your committee, that on the loth of April, about a month after Sir Thomas Rumbo ’ d’s arrival, the gentlemen of Vizagapatam acquainted the presidency, that Sitteram Rauzc’s manager would pay nothing till he had orders from his ' waller at Madras; and also acquainted them, that they had undeniable proof; that 131, 000 rupees, in money arid grain, had been sent to Sitteram Rauze, at Madras, and that bills were negotiating to the amount of 70, 000 more which, together, is a lum equal to one year’s rent to the company. They. repiefetited the tenants as cruelly oppressed to make up this sum, and flat# the reason of their making this communication to be, thar some pjut of his arrears might be secured.

Fro *

A 1781. DEBATES.

From the confutations of the ( elect committee, your committee found that the president was d : reded by the board to communicate this intelligence to Sittenun Rauze, and on the 24th of April that he reported, that Sitteram had affined him that his first instalment should immediately he paid by his orders. The whole of this transaction appears to hare been concluded by the resident alone, and that this promise, given to him by Sitteram Rauze, was immediately acquiesced in by the board as satisfactory. But your com miner do not find that any steps were taken in consequence of the information which they had received respecting the large remittances to Sitteram. Ruze, as had been suggested from Vizagapatam.

it appears that the factory of Vizagapatam again represented to the prefi - dency, that they were in the urmofl distress, by reason of the attendance of the zemindars at Madras. The confutations of the 20th of July shewed yfeur committee, that the board was again perfectly satisfied with the president ' s reporting that the zemindars had a ( lured him, of their having left orders for paying their arrears, and managing their bufinest during their ab -, fence; and that in particular Sitteram Rauze had allured him, that he had ordered his instalment, due on the 25th of February, to be paid up.

Thus yoor committee found. That the fame kind of promise was accepted by the president in July, which had been made, but not observed, in April preceding, and that the board, os before, acquiesced in the president’s acceptance of it.

Sitteram Rauze haring, as above dated, obtained his lease of the Havilly lands for ten years, your committee find, That the president, on the 20th of, July, entered targely into the affairs of the Chicacote district j observing, that the jemmabundy or the distri&s dependant on Vizianagrum had been long thought very inadequate, and far short of what other zemindars had paid to the company; and that as the zemindar was now eased of all military ex - peace, the company would expert a ( urn equal tothofe expence *.

Your committee further find, That the presidency observed much on the necessity of having a man of abilities appointed duan or miniOer to Vizeram Rauze; and as Sitteram Rauze’s abilities could not be donbtod, he proposed him to be appointed by the board, duan to his elder brother the rajah, in trims of commendation. And it appears, that the prevailing motives with the president were, that Chieacole was the district from whenoe the company had the greatest expectation; that it now paid left than formerly; that the ooilefidona ought to be regular, and the revenue greater, as the military exposes were now borne, not by the rajah, but by the company; that 3, 05. 000 rupees only were paid to the company, although seven times that sum was cotteded $ that these were not times to trifle with the revenue or invest - wents; chat this appointment was greatly for the benefit of the company, sod free from all private views; and that there was an absolute necessity, under all the circumstances of that district, that Sitteram Rauze should re - fame his power and management.

Your committee find. That the board approved immediately of this rea - ( bsiing, with the exception of Mr. Johnson, who adhered to the opinions ho had formerly given, when chief at Vizagapatam. It appears to your committee, That they next proceeded on the 29th of July, to force a reconcili - soon between the two brothers, and for this purpose called them be tore the Vol. IIJ, Q board;

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

board; at which time Vizeram Rauze was addressed by the president in these words, " We are convinced that it is a measure which your own welfare and the inrereft of the company render indispensably necesiaty : But should you continue obstinately to withstand the preifing instances that have repeatedly been maderoyou by the board, conjunctively as well as Separately, we should be under the necessity of taking such refutations as will in all probability be extremely painful to you, but which, being once paiied, can never be recalled. To this your committee find, that Vizeram Rauze made the following answer:

" I shall consider myself henceforward as divested of all power and conference whatever, seeing that the board urge me to do that which is contrary to my fixed determination, and that the result of it is to be the losing of my country. It does not appear that either of them were called before the btiard, while theduanship was in agitation, that matter having been proposed by the president, and immediately acceded to by a majrnty of the council; but that 00 the present occasion, Vizeram Rauze was told by the president from the chair, that on account of his obstinacy in not being reconciled to his brother, it was necessary to appoint Sitteram Rauze his duan; and that he proceeded to Rate what the duties of that office would be, and among # others, " That Sitteram Rauze was to take into immediate confide ration, the settling ' of; be tribute, to be paid in future to the company, and the necessary fibbendy, or civil and military expence9. A formal charge appears, to have been delivered to each of the brothers, and the commission of duan ordered to be made out accordingly.

Your committee find, That the court of directors, in their general letter to the presidency of Madras, dafed the 10th of January 1781, express "great surprize and concern at this, which they term injurious treatment, that Vizeram Rauze, the ancient rajah of Viziangrum, received at the presidency,

' when, deaf to his feprefeptations and entreaties, they in the mod arbitrary and unwarrantable manner appointed his ambitious and intriguing brother, Sitteram Rauze, duan of the Circar, and thereby put. him in po&ffion of the revenues of his elder brother, who had just told them that he fought his ruin. "

Your committee find, That in subsequent ionfultations Vizeram Rauze is spoken of by the president and fele& committee in very unfavourable terms; and that a letter was written in the beginning of August to Vizagapatam, ftverely reflecting on Jaggerfcaut Rauze, Rating, that the rajah’s arrears of tribute are imputable to him; and it is aliened, that he had been guilty of chicane and intrigue and that he had employed his influence to the most de - stru&ive purposes, withholding the collections committed to his charge; and therefore it is ordered that he shall undergo the strictest examination when he returns; that the balances due from him should be recovered with unremitting attention, atod precautions should be taken against his artifices, by not suffering him to leave Vizagapatam, till he should have paid those balances.

it appears to your committee, That at the same time that this letter, fa full of reflexion against Jaggerhaut Rauze, was written at Madras, the gentlemen of Vizagapatam had written to acquaint the presidency, that the only payment which they had received had been from Jaggemaut, but that the whole balances due amounted to 6, 50, 051 rupees.

• *. .. ... " ‘ You *

A. i7$t DEBATES. 99

Your Committee find, That on the 18th of August thepresident reported

ito the select committee, that a reconciliation had taken place between the two brothers : and also dared, that the late ad ices from Vizagapatam, of Juggernaut ' s being in a way to pay his balances, shewed the propriety and good ef - fc < 5b of the measures which had been taken; and that Vizeram Rauze had ‘allured him, that he should order his balances to be paid by his agent in Chi - cacole.

The president appears to your committee, to have next adverted to the date of Mazulipatam, and to have, acquainted the board, that he had perfo - naily made enquiries of the zemindnrs from theilce, no\V at the presidenejr. With a view to an increascof tribute and discharge of arrears; that he had nearly completed his enquiries, and meant to lay them soon before the board, ks he was defirou3 the intention of calling up the zemindars ( hoald be accom plished without loss of time, that they might be ordered back. Your committee find, That the fele& committee expressed greatsatisfaction at the succesa of the president’s negotiation with the tributaries of the northern Circars, and recommend a speedy conclusion, as he would soon be otherwise engaged in bufinest in the military department.

On the ad of October, the president appears to youf committee to have entered very largely into the state of Mazulipatam, observing, that although the objc& in calling up the zemindars was the payment of balances, they were ( o loaded with debt that there was little hope of any such payments; that, however, he had brought them, with difficulty, io accede to i per cent, addition on the old Moorish settlement.

Your committee find, That this agreement of their president With the Ms - zulipatam Zemindars was immediately accepted by the felclt committee. The court of directors, in their general letter of the xoth of January 1781, appear to your committee to have expressed great di ( Tatis fadi on at the select committee, for their having dispensed with all other evidence and information 00 this subject, than what was afforded by the president’s Coverfations with the zemindars, and his report of them; urging, that their investigation should have been public, and ought to have been such as might enable the court of directors to form a future judgment upon the matter, and should have been conformable to the direction laid down for the conduct of the committee of circuit. It also appears to your committee, that the court of directors complain, in very strong terms, of the president ' s being almost " the only channel of intelligence, 99whofe opinions and declarations are the only - grounds tnnsmitted to Europe; on which no satisfuciory conclusion can be founded *

As to Chicacole, your committee find, That the president observed, that by the mode of bidding, people are tempted to offer too much. The account, fays he, given by the committee of circuit, leads us to imagine the value of the Countries to be much greater than in reality - they are said to be : It is not from accounts collected from different people interested, and others difeon rented, and wishing for a change of government, that the true value of a country can be estimated; the collections alone ought to determine the rent to be received—That he had found it difficult to bring the two brothers to increase their rent of 3 lacks £000 rupees ’ to lacks 5060 rupees. And it appears to your committee, That a letter from Vizeram Rauze was produced by the president at this confutation, desiring to be feftored to his fort, and

O 1 to

parliamentary

A. 1781.

100

to have the didrift of Ancapilly in farm; in which letter he changed his language as to Jaggernaut Rauzc, representing him at the time ofmaking his Tequell in a different light from what he had formerly done.

Your committee find, That this letter had the delired effect, and the fort, with its walls and badions, was given up to him as insignificant, though it had before been taken out of his hands as being the means of didurbance and oppression; and that the president proceeded to observe, that since delivering in the former petition, he had obtained a verbal agreement from Vizeram, to pay 00, 000 rupees for Ancapilly; which was immediately accepted by the board They also find, that the ' adoption of Sitteram Rauze ' s fonby vize - ram ( which he had notified at the same time that he sent the petition above - mentioned ) was confirmed by the board, and Sitteram was accepted as security for the company ' s tribute.

It appears to your committee, That on the 6th of October the two brothers are again called before the board, an4 Vizeram Rauze was desired to pay a larger tribute to the company.

To this he answered, that his country was hilly and unwholesome, and hoped the board would give him credit for inability to pay more; and your committee find, that this minute immediately follows upon it, 4 the board are reduced to the disagreeable necessity of declaring, that their bed endeavours have been used to increase the tribute; but as they have been ineffectual, and there is little prospect of accompli.. ing it, agreed, that the president do once more endeavour to prevail on him ( Vizeram ) to raise the tri - bute ., < — ' That on the 8th of October, the president reported his having endeavoured to prevail in this point, but that Vizeram was indexible; and that, on the president ' s representation, a lease for five years was ordered, at 4, 05, 000 rupees, and that two days after, the president, on the 10th of October 1778 assured the Board of his willies for the increase of the revenues, dated the difmilling of ( he zemindars, and that they were highly farisfied, and had expressed their wilshes that vakeels from them might remain at Ma dras; and that on the 20th of November following he repeated, in a minute, the fame doctrine, of the fame necessity of zemindars looking up to the prefi - dency only, and keeping vakeels there.

From this investigation of the transactions with the mod considerable zemindars, it appeared to your committee, that the enquires which the court of directors very anxiously enjoined, before any leases should be made, was in no degree attended to; and that the regulations on behalf of the under tenants which they had prescribed, were equally disregarded; nor did the board, from what appears to your committee, ever take any other means of acquiring information, than the bare afiertion or report of their presidcift, who appears to have negotiated, in every indance, with the zemmdars in person. : t

The professed object of calling down the zemindars having been thfc payment of balances, and the increase of revenue in time to come, it bechnte ' necessary for your committee to fee how far either of these objects had befch accomplidi ed, or what deps had been taken towards it.

Your committee had found, as above dated, that in December 1777, pro - pofals from Ganjam which had appeared to the presidency favourable in thetp - selves, were nevertheless refusea, because the invedigation enjoined by the

1 company

A. 1781, DEBATES. lot

company had not been gone into; and the presidency had continued the nabob’s lease of the Jaghire lands for one year only, from the same regard to the orders of the court of directors. This fubmtfuon to orders appears to have Soon been laid aiide; for your committee found, that proposals had been received on the ad February 1778, from Padnab Rauze, offering 40, 000 rq - pees a year for the Havdly lands more than Sitteram had offered; but the benefit of thtfe proposals, amounting to four lacks on the whole term, was bit to the company for ten years, by concluding with Sitteram Rauze.

Rupees.

The rent of the Havilly lands payable by Sitteram, 2, 35, 000

His arrears at this time were — — 1, 80, 530

In order to ascertain the value of the other lands, and the rent which might have been expected for them, your committee find, that rccourse must be had to the report of the committee of circuit, 16 August 1777, in which they acquainted the presidencjrthat they had examined accounts of lands for ten years back, amounting to fourteen lacks net revenue, ten of which belong to the rajah; and that by the inquiries which they had made, and information they had received, they had every reason to be allured that the several countries under Vizeram Rauze yield at lead a revenue of twenty lacks; and that his military effcablishment being 1 1, 000 men, cost him 50. 000 or 60, 000 rupees per month; and they subjoined the terms, which in their opinion would be the proper bails of an agreement with him, in order to secure the revenue and seduce his force, which had always kept the company in some degree of uneasiness.

It appeared to your committee, that Vizeram Rauze’s rent, before the lall agreement made with him for the zemindary of Vizianagrum, was 3, 95, 000 rupees, and that the committee of circuit efHmated the total value of the produce at twenty lacks; and that this was confirmed by Sitteram declaration to the board, on the 29th July 1778, when he affirmed, and was not contradicted, that when he began the management of these lands, they produced seven lacks; but that when his administration ceased, they had increased to twenty - two lacks. This very wimefs to the increased value of these lands, was himself made the minifier over them, at the rent of 4, 05, 000 rupees; your committee have Hated above.

It appears to your committee, that this rent, which the directors, 10th January 1781, considered as very inadequate, is Hated by the president in his minute of the 2d October above mentioned, to have been accepted because the brothers had declared their inability to pay more, and that a certain. revenue is preferable to speculative schemes, and that an increase might be attempted with greater hopes of success, when there should be no apprehensions from, the French; and it has been already Hated, that at the same time the prefi - dency restored the rajah to his fort; a measure which the court of directors ( 10th January 1781 ) considered as a direct opposition to the advice of the committee of circuit, and the general directions of the company, and as enabling Sitteram to be extremely troublesome in that quarter; and no increase of rent, as the directors observe, was demanded on account of the company’s seeing at the expence of the military defence of that country, which had been attended with an expence to the rajah of fix lacks a year.

You *

102 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Your cotnnuttoe find, that the great object of the board, in potting the power into SitteranA hands, was said to be the speedy recovery of balances; and it has appeared that lie was nominated in July 1778, and yet in January 1779, his and his brother ' s balances were no less than $, $7, 999 rupees, be - lides the expence of an expedition undertaken on his account by Colonel Braithwaite, and 1, 03, 030, for which Jaggernaut was directed to account with Sitteram.

Your committee also find, that upon the adoption of Sitteram ’ 9 son, it was agreed that all under leases should for the future be made in the adopted rajah’s name; and that his name should be used in all acts of government; and that Sitteram Rauze, his father, who wfas in reality to enjoy the power, was accepted of by the board as a fecutity for this young man. It appears from the Madras revenue confutations, that the balance due from Chicacolc ? on the 6th of November 1778, was — — — - 78, 400

And in January 1779, had increased to — ' — — 92 27$

Increased in three months, — — — 13, 87$

And your committee further find, that ar the time when Sitteram was appointed duan, the rent had not been settled, but was referred to his future consideration and adjustment.

Your committee find, that the court of directors in their letter to Madras, dated 10th January 1781, disapprove, in the strongest terms, of the leafea granted of the Chicacole district, which they consider ar greatly inadequate; and disapprove, in terms equally strong, of restoring Sitteram Rauze to a decree of power, which he had been found to abuse and convert to the company’s detriment; and complain heavily of their enabling him the more effectually to repeat this conduct, by restoring the fort, with it walls and baf - lions. v

And your committee find, that the Madras select consultations of the 13th October 17 : 0, contain an account of the revolt of the fepoys at Vizagapatam; and that the letter from Mr. Cafamajor, and the other gentlemen at Vizaga - patam, upon that occasion, throws feme light on the comparative attachment of the two brothers to the company’s interests, and also ( hews the importance of the zemindars, in cases of difficulty and danger. In this letter your com - inittee find the following passage:

14 On a review of a general state of affairs on the coast, the war with the Marattas and Hyder, and the probability of a French force landing; it is not drawing an improbable conclusion to suppose, that the zemindars may avail themselves of this crisis of events, and throw off their allegiance. We are here without any resources either of men or money 5 the former we expect, and for the latter we depend alone on the zemindars. We have now stated to you our iituation, and we add, that all we have to trust to, is the attach ment of 300 Sebbendy fepoys, and half of them are now detached. —In ( hi representation we have not, in our opinion, either exaggerated in points q£ real state or conjecture. We therefore request of you, gentlemen, that you will determine on foxne plan of operations for us to pursue; the revolt hat so effectually deranged this government, and so reduced our consequence, that we imagine some measure ought to be adopted, that will give us the importance we have loft; and tte can think of no other step ourselves, than pro -

curing

A. 1781. DEBATES. 10$

coring us Come fepoys, and about $o Europeans, from Calcutta, or fending farthers people here, and ordering all the fepoys in these dillri&s to the foothward. —Sitteram Rauze is not yet arrived at Vizagapatam; he keeps away in a manner that has the appearance of premeditated delay; all thele matters fenre to create in us anxiety abput the fate of this settlement—and, Shaik Mahomed, the man who heads the revolted fepoys, is gone off, with a great deal of money, is capable, daring, and full of enterpnze; and what arc his intentions is not at present to be conjectured : by this day’s intelligence, he has taken the road to Ankapilly, and it is very probale that he has written to the fepoys at Chicacole of his fucccfs; at any rate common report favours ( hat fafpicion. *

This letter also Gates, ts that the mutineers party under Shaik Mahomed, were, by the lad accounts entering into the Potapilly country—that the rajah, Vizeram Rauze, had written to all the little zemindars to flop them 4 bBt that they yet compose a firong body, nor is it a trifling force that can oppose them. *

Your committee having examined what balances have been paid by the Chicacole zemindars, and what still remained due amounting to 7, 84, 001 rupees, as well as what the terms of their leases were, proceeded to make the fame esqairy with respect toMazulipatam; and found, that,

Op the 2d of 0£h > ber, the president Gated to the board many reasons why

few or no balances were to be expelled from the Mazulipatam zemindars, lad that much indulgence to these countries Was absolutely necessary; to which representation the president subjoined the old Moorish rental, and declared, that 1 rf per cent, upon that rental was as great an addition as could be nude, and that it would be cruel to exafl more : the exhaulled Gate of the compa < ny ' s treasury, and unavoidable increase of public expences, were urged by the governor as reasons for taking low rents, winch the directors, in their general letter, have thought more applicable to the oppulire conclutinn; due care, he said, muG at the same time be taken, to recover ourtl. mding balances. —And upon these terms it appears to your committee, that many leases were let, withour any more accurate enquiry intocircumllances which could point out where the justice of the case lay, between the renter and under tenants on the one baud, and the company on the other. Of this also yoor committee find, that the court of directors, in their letter of the joth of Tjwmaxy 1781, express themselves in the GrongeG terms of disapprobation, and complain of the inconfiGency and precipitation of the select committee ad particularly of their dispensing with that inveGigation which they had so warmly recommended to the committee of circuit; and endeavour to shew that the whole account given of the manner in which the preiidency granted the whole of these diGrilts for five years, in their letter of the 17th of October 1779, is evasive and contradictory; and alluding to the enquiries which they meant to set on foot, through the medium of the committe of circuit, they conclude in these words : —1 uthe court ' s infiruftions were pofuive and unequivocal; they could not be mifiaken : no diferetionary power was given you to depart therefrom; you have done it at your own risque, without producing one good reason for so doing.

ft is impossible for us to ascertain the amount of damage to be fudained by the company in Consequence of your engagements, because the countries

i < > 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

tries have not been examined in the manner directed by the court; but it is incumbent upon us to convince you, and all our servant9 in India, that dif - respect to the authority, and wilful disobedience of the orders of the company, shall not be permitted, nor delinquents fu fie red to escape with impunity.

And your committee find, that the Havilly lands of Mazulipatam were let on the 10th of August 1779 ( as appears by the Madras letter to the ourt of directors, da ed the 14th of October 1779 ) to Letchema Narfiu Valoq, for one lack, of pagodas, although another person, named Vencala. fentato, had offered 25, 000 pagodas more, and that another man also had a leafeof the salt farms at 42, 500 rupees per annum; all these points being carried by the prelident’s catting vote— - and it appears, that the reason sattign ed by the presidenr, and those who agreed with him, for rejecting the pro pofals for the greater rent, were, that the proposer had been agent to a banker, was not a responsible person, and did not relide at Mazulipatam, yet he was favourably spoken or by Messieurs Johnson and Smith. —In all those respects, these reasons do not apear to be supported by any proof or. enquiry —the observatton on the place of residence seems, in the opinion of the directors, expressed in their general letter ( joth January 1781 ) to have had little application to the salt works; and no sufficient reason is assigned ( in their opinion ) why they were not let to the bigheft bidder : and that upon the whole, a loss will be incurred of 2, 25, 000 rupees.

The president appears to have further declared, that except. Pentuto, no, pne had offered above 1, 000 pagodas more than the offer which was accepted but your committee find no reason assigned why this sum was loll to the company : the difference between the offer rejected and that which was received, amounts, on a 5 years lease, to 2, 25, 000 rupees.

Your committee found. That the Ganjam zemindars had been ordered down to Madras, as above fisted, and among others, a man named Ball Kist - nah, the company’s dubaih and interpreter, as he is llyled in the order; feme of the zemindars having been themselves dispensed with, on fending representatives, but as to Ball Kittnah, the order was repeated on the 28th of July 1778, with a good deal of warmth, threatening him with the danger of incurs ring their highest displeasure, and two companies of fepoys.

It appeared to your committee, that the gentlemen of Ganjam had repre - fented to the presidency, that this very man had, under cover of another name, been the real renter of the Ganjam Havilly lands, which were in arrear, 1, 82, 666 rupees, and that for Vizianagur he was in arrear 60, 350 rupees, which he bad engaged to pay—And this appears to your committee to be acknowledged by the board in a letter to Ganjam, 21ft May 1779 *

Your committee find, That on the 26th of April, this man pnefented pro pofals for renting of the dittriit of Itchapore, including the Havilly lands, and the sea and landcufioms; and that he offered to pay,

3 First Years 350000 2 next 425000

5 next 430000

And it appears, That on the 2d July, Mr. Perring expressed himself of opi - tiion, that Ball Kittnah was the fittest person to be the renter; though he acknowledges, that he offers less than the chief and council had been able

themselves

| per annum.

A. 1781. iyE B A T E S. 10

themselves to corit&, and that this opinion was not uncontradided; for Mr. Johnson shewed from experience it had been found disadvantageous to let the whole to any one renter; and that the Havilly lands ought to remain in Mr, Maunlel ’ s, the collector’s hands, who had done his duty in every respect. —I also appears, that General Munro dated the arrears to amount to 40, 000 pagodas, and recommended a reference back to Gaujum.

Your committee find, That on the 13th of July the Ganjam gentlemen had dated their receipts for the lad five years at 5 lacks and upwards. —Ball KM - oah, on the 29th of July, is found to have changed his proposals, and then to have offered a regular annual payment, amounting in ten years to 4, 15000 rvpees, and a regular discharge of balances, to the amount of 40, 000 pagodas per annum. This last article the directors, in their letter 10th January 1781, date to have been, in truth, a favour to himself, as he had been in fast the the renter from whom those balances were re. iily due, and were then payable to their full amount. Ball Kiftnah affirmed, that five lacks was unreasonable : and the president declared his opinion to be, that no proper controul over these lands could be placed in the hands of the chief and council, unless they are let to one person, and thought the offer should be accepted; and then endeavoured to prove, by deductions and companions, that this offer, though apparently less, is in reality greater than the former rent. —This matter appears to have been deferred a few days at the request of Messrs. Smith and John - fem; and being resumed on the 6th of August, the president gave additional rafoasiu support of his former propofirion, which reasons the court of direc - tois consider in their letter abovementioned, as founded on a statement relating toItchapore, in which this man’s deficiencies were entirely omitted. — Bfefire Smith and Johnson appear to have distented, the former dating the past rent to be 5, 55, 000 rupees, which was correspondent to the account from Ganjam. and General Munro did not persist in his reference back to Ganjam for their opinion; so that the lease was ordered for ten years accor - < & > sbr -

By comparing the rent wh : ch was accepted with that which Mr Smith, tncootradi&ed, ft .; ted it to have formerly been, the loss to the company will appear to be fourteen lacks, inde ( endanr of any loss arising on non - payment of old balances, those balances amounting to i, 8a, 6f6 rupees.

1 It does not appear to your committee, That any balances whatsoever were pud at Madras by the zemindars and renters who came down to that presiden - cy; but on the contrary that they were increased by their absence from home, ct at lead that it furmihed znexcufe for not liquidating them; and from ibarhas been here dated, it does not appear to your committee, that the pre - ' daeocy took pains to get proper data to proceed upon, but disregarded such iinformation as the committee of circuit and the subordinare factories afforded Aero; for it appears on the Madras confutations, 15th September 1779, that tie gentlemen of Ganjam represented strongly against the agreement \vi : h Ball Kiftnah, on which the president observed, 44 That be differs so much in fen - 3icnt from the tenor and assertions of this letter, that instead of : peaking in Wurable term; to the court of directors of the conduct of thele gentlemen, be shall, before the dispa ch of the next ship, give his opinion Ful ' y on the rWeft of the letter, and dull accompany his opinion with several papers it\ ooflession in support of it "

Vol IIJ. P Your

io6 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

. Yodr committee having found, from the documents above dated, That all bargains were made by Sir Thomas Rumbold personally with the rajahs and zemindars, which were only ratified by the board, without any investigation of their own; and that no balances were paid, but teeps ( or draughts ) granted, amounting to 1, 30, 000 pagodas, and haring seen that the zemindars were at Madras, anacourfeof negotiation with the governor, from the beginning of May to the beginning of October; and haring found, from the different minutes of council, that the president’s motion for giving the office of dewan to Sitteram Rauze, was made by the president on the 20th of July 1778, and immediately assented to by the council; and also that 1, 31, 000 rupees were Hated to them to have been remitted to Sitteram Rauze, and further Turns negotiating; and [ having examined the terms on which the other countries were let, it was thought proper to advert to some private tratifactions of the governor, which took place in the month of August immediately following the grant of this detyanship to Sitteram Rauze, and during the course of his negotiation with the zemindars at Madras.

Your committee having been informed that Captain Foxall, commander of the Royal George East Indiaman, had carried some treasure to China on Sir Thomas Rumbold ' s account, ordered that gentleman to attend. He informed your committee, that be had failed from Madras to China early in August 1778; that he knew some treasure had been put on board of his ship by rct - forvof application having been made to him either by Sir Thdmas, or his du - baih, for that purpose; and that Mr. Perry, his purser, has seen it counted or weighed—he believed there were eight boxes. He informed them that this treasure was not entered in the book kept by the officer on board, called the boatswain’s - book, an omitfion which he discovered by means of a robbery of the ship in the river of Canton, at which time some of the boxes were stolen; wishing to find out the extent of the loss, by comparing what re ? mained, with what was Originally shipped, he had called for his ooatfwain’s book, and finding no entry, he ordered an entry to be made of what remained, as of the date of his leaving Madras. — - That this treasure was consigned to MefiTrs. Bradshaw and Pigou, at China—That he signed the bill of lading, which he now knows nothing of, and delivered this treasure in conference of ah order from the board in China.

Sir Thomas Rumbold’s solicitor, it appeared, had demanded reparation from him for this loss, in April or May 1781. He told your committee, Tip be had twice called on Sir Thomas Rumbold since his return from Spain ( I January 1781 ) where he had been a prisoner, but had not seen him at eithj of those times—That Sir Thomas Rumbold had returned h ’ 19 visit, and fa him $ but that no conversation on this subject then passed. —Since that tim however, about a fortnight before his examination, he had of his own accqi watted on Sir Thomas, and represented to him, that he was unable to rcpl the loss, having loft 3000I. by his late capture— - To which Sir Thomas si fwered, that he was lorry, but that the money belonged in part to Sir Hedl Munro, without saying how much. —Captain Foxall also said, that the whJ treasure was 12 or 13000I. and that the half had been ftoien. J

Captain Foxall further informed your committee. That in 1778, besidesl own ship, the Latbaro, Captain Prince, and Hillsborough, Captain Colin bad ( ailed from Madras to China; and also the Lord Holland, Captain Lav

A. 1781. DEBATES.

foo, and Glatton, Captain Doveton, after he had failed. —That Prince had told him of his having a little treasure on board for Sir Thomas Rumbold, but be had converted with no one else on the subject of treasure. He also informed your committee, that he knew of no omission of goods then shipped at Madras, in the boatswain’s book, except this particular article; and - that Elkinton, his chief mate, was a careful man—That this treasure was put on board, late in the evening, before his departure, a citcum fiance usual in shipping all valuable effects. He added, that unless the entry of the treasure appeared either in the boatswain’s book or captain ' s journal, it would not appear to the company in any other way, that it had been shipped; and that ifit bad not been for the accident of the robbery, it never would have occurred to him to look into the boatswain’s book. —Upon examining the boatswain’s book nd the captain’s journal, by desire of the committee, Captain Foxall found, that the remaining part of the treasure, landed at Canton, was not entered. — He then coi re&ed his examination, by telling the committee, that one of the chests belonged to a Mr. Ferguson.

Mr. Pigou having been named by Captain Foxall as consignee of the tre - sure shipped with him, he was next examined, and said, that he had con igaments both of public and private treasure during the year 1778, but had leftall his books, papers, and memorandums in China—That from Madras be bad received by the Latham co, oooo pagodas, which at 8s. is 20, 000 !. on account of Sir ' Thomas Rumbold—By the Hillsborough 56, 000 pagodas, 50 000 being on Sir Thomas Rumbold’s account; and that 39. 000 pagodas were invoiced by the Royal George, of which 14, 000 pagodas and 3000 dottars were Rolen out of the ship—That he and his partner were directed to to pay 25, 000 pagodas to the agents of Sir Thomas Rumbold and Sir He « 5lor Monro, and 150, 000 dollars to Mefirs. Hutton nnd Gordau on account of Sir Thomas Rumbold—that as to the 25, 000 pagodas, he does not know whether it was intended to remit them to Britain, but the 150, 000 dollars were intended for England.

Mr Pigou being examined as to the consignmenta from Madras in 1779 fiud that by the Sea Horse, one of the King’s ships, 20, 000 dollars were remitted for Sir Thomas Rumbold, and that ( he had a large amount in specie besides this on board, but he did not know on whose account.

He also informed your committee, that in the years 1778 and 1779, Mefirs. Riper and Cromeline had large consignments of treasure from Madras, but did not know on whose account—That above 1, 000, 000 of money was lying in the hands of Chinese merchants, belonging to Britishi subjects, the usual isterest being 18 per cent, and sometimes more; and that the Dutch, Danes, tad Swedes, take up money and give bills to a large amount, and supposed that Britishi subjects often remit through those channels.

Tour committee has already dated, that Sir Thomas Rumbold, by his third covenant, had bound himself to deliver in to the board upon oath, a particular of all loans formerly made, and of all merchandize on hand, before he should proceed to recover the one, or dispoleof the other—Upon an accurate examination of the proceedings of the board during the whole of Sir Thomas KomboUL’s government, no proceeding to that effect was to be found. a Your committee has also dated, ( hat in the fame covenant he ’ had bound fcinJclf to receive no emolument whatever, except the salary and

P z

i OS

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 178,

sites specified therein, which have been stated to amount to 18, or perhap 20, cool, per annum : yet the committee find, that between the ' 8th Febuary ( the day of his arrival ) and the beginning of August, Sir Thomas Rumbold had shipped the following sums from Madras to China. £.

By the Latham 50, 000 pagodas - - - — - 20, 000

By the HilHborough 50, 000 - - - — - — — 20, 000

By the Royal George 39, 000 - - - ( Part of Sir He&orMuoro’s ) 13, 000

By the Sea Horse, 20, 000 dollars ■ ■. 5, 000

58, 000

Upon examining all the Boatswain’s books of the different ships which had carried Sir Thomas Rumbold’s rreafure from Madras to China, it appeared that no entry or delivery of it had been made in any one of them, although the public treasure shipped by the company was entered and delivered with all the necessary particularity.

Another circumstance of a singular nature was found on the proceeding of the Mayors court at Madras—The late Mr. Redhead bad been secretary to Sir Thomas Rumbold, and died at Madras; his executors, after his death, obtained a warrant of arrel ! again ! ! Sitreram Rauze for. the balance of 70, 000 ru > r$, promised to Mr. Redhead; but no step appears to have been taken by the members of government to prevent this, nor are thcdirectora made acquainted with it by them. And the following codicil appears upon the face ot Mr. Readhead’s will, now in the India House:

u As the nabob Omier UU Umrah has an order from his father to pay me the sum of one lack of rupees, I hope his regard to me will be such as to induce him to pay the same, in order to enable the payment of the bequests of this my will and testamenf. My attornies in England are, General Joseph Smith, Edward Law, Henry Ha ' nlon, and James Simpson, esquires, London. *

Your committee also examined John Stables, esq; who informed, them, That he, together with Thomas Raikes and Robert Mackreth, esq; had been the agent of Sir Thomas Rumbold, during the time he was abroad, and that the remittances received by him and the other gentlemen from Sir Thomas Rumbold, were as follows:

August 7, 1778 ., Bill from David Killican, at Calcutta, in the presidency of Fort William, on the East India company, due the 16th of August 1779 dated the 17th of December 1777, at 12 months fight, - -

Bill from Sir Thomas Rumbold, draw n by Alexander Grant, on Hugh Grant, esq; from Fort St. George, for —

Dated the 20th of February 1778, 60 days fight.

Do. from David Killican, on the East India company, dated

the 26th of January 1778, —

Do. from Sir Thomas Rumbold at Fort St. George, —

Thomas l ' owell on John Eames, dated the 4th of July

3778, - - - - - - - -

Do. from do. at Fort St. George, Richard Doveton on Richard Neave, esq; dated Madras the 7th of August,

£• r. A

5, o ° o 0 0

70 0 0

1, 000 0 o

70 0 0

2, 000 0 0 Bill

t

A. 1781

DEBATES.

Bill from do. at do. Thomas Shaw on Peter Shaw, dated Madras the iath of October 1778,

Do. from do. at do. bill of exchange from the presidency of Fort St. George on the company, dated the 30th of June

1778, - - - - - - - - - - -

From do. at do. a bond of John Whitehill ’ s, on account of Sir Thomas Rombold, dated the 9th of April,

A bill of exchange from do. at do. MelTrs. Bradshaw and Pigou on the company, dated the 10th of January 1779, Do. from do. at do. from the Swedish supercargoes at Canton, on the Swedish East India company, dated the 28th of December 1778, due the 13th of March 1780, —

Do. from do. at do. Bradshaw and Pigou, supercargoet at Canton, on the English East India company, dated the 1 oth of January 1779, — - - -

Do. from do. at do. from Bradshaw and Pigou, a bill drawn by the Swedish supercargoes on their India company, dated the 2 1 ft of December 1778, —

Do. from do. at do. John Utterson on commissioners of victualling office, drawn from Fort St George, dated the 7th of November 1778, -

Do. from do. at do. Matthew Raper, junior, supercargo at Canton, on the English East India company, dated the -

1 oth of January 1779, r

Do. from do. at do. Edward Golding, esq; drawn from Fort Sr. George, on the East India company, dated the iff of

January 1779, - - - - - - - -

Do. from do. at do. a bill of exchange from the Danish presidency at Tranauebar, on their East India company, dated the loth of March 1779, « —

Do. from do. at do. George Baldwin at Cairo, his remise through Treves of Venice, on Nathan Modigliani, dated the 20th of November 1779, — — —

Do. from do. at do. from William Henry Pigou, a bill from Swedish presidency at Canton, on their company, dated the 16th of December 1779, — -

Do. from do. at do. John Utterson’s two drafts from Fort St. George, on commissioners of navy, dated the 30th of

September 1779, - - - - — — —

Do from do. at do. the Danish presidency at Tranqucbar, on their company, dated the 21st of June 1779, — -

Do. from do. at do. George Tafwell ' s bill from Fort St. George, on William and Thomas Raikcs and Mr. Greenland, the ad of October 1779, —

Do. from do. at do. a bond of Quinton Crauford’s at Fort

St. George, dated the 23d of July 1779. —

Do. from do. at do. from Bradshaw and Pigou at Canton, that presidency on the East India company, dated the 31 ft of December 1779, —. .. —

109

£• d.

IOO o o

2, 125 10 10

8. 000 o o 3, 123 16 5

4 775

9, 268 1 9

31, 042 10 6

5. 000 o o 10, 769 12 11

958 6 8 1, 91613 ' 4 699 o o

3, 000 O ©

7, 000 O O

1, 813 7 6

1, 45. 0 0

S7S ° 0 0

SrSS 4 34 Do.

C

X 10

PARLIAMENTARY

i

A. 1781 *

Do. from do. at do. bood of John HuddleHone ' sefq; at Fort St. George, dated the 19th of March 1780; not due till March 1783, •1

Do. from do. at do. bond of Quinton Cranford, esq; at FoVt St. George, dated the ill of October 1779, due the H of October 1781, — ■,

Do. from do > at do. Arthur Cuthbert on the board of ordnance, dated Feit St. George, the 4th of February

1780, ' — - - - - - -

Do. from do. at do, Thomas Moore on commissioners of victualling office, dated Fort St. George, the 4th of February 1780, - - - - - - - - - - -

Do. from do. at do. a bond of John Whitehall ' s, dated April the 4th 1780, — - —

jf s,

4, 600 o o

5, 750 o o

5, 000 o o

9, 375 o o 13, 616 © 7

150, 837 19 4

Do. from do. at do. Francis Welden, for 100 pagodas— - not received.

Had Sir Thomas Runjbold any other agents in England that you know of, besides those you have already named

None to the bell of my knowledge; and I have every rtafon to believe he had no others.

He remitted to Golfing and Clive’s ( not through our hands )

the sum, - — - — ' - p 16, 350 o o

By bill on the Danish East India company

for, -. .. .. 5 75 ° 0 o

and paid the 2d of October 1779.

And do. on the Englifti Halt India company, paid the 3d of January 1781, — 10, 500 o o

16, 250 o o

He also informed your committee, That he learnt from Sir Thomas Rumbold, in conversation, that he had in Bengal at the time of his last going to India, about 90, 0001. part in company’s cash, part - in bonds and mortgages at interest, on some of which, three or four years was due; and that he had left a specification of his fortune in India, sealed up, with his truHees, which they had iince his return delivered back unopened.

Being asked, If he knew of any part of Sir Thomas Rumbold’s property in Bengal having been remitted to him at Madras, or any other ptace on his account ? Mr. Stables referred to certain papers, which he delivered in, and are Hated in the Appendix; this he acquainted your committee to be Sir Thomas Rumbold’s express authority ana desire.

Mr. Stables further informed your committee. That he knew nothing of any pan of Sir Thomas Rumbold ' s fortune left in India or China, not of any money, diamonds or other effects, brought home by him, having no reason to believe that any such were brought.

On the 18th of June your committee received from the hands of theft chairman, a letter written1 by Sir Thomas Rumbold, to him, Hating his defile that certain papers, which accompanied his letter, purporting to be

dupli -

Am 1781. DEBATES 111

duplicates of a journal, and a ledger of his business, both commencing the 31st of December 1769, and ending the 28th of February 1772, might be read by them, and by the concluding article of these papers, a balance n Hated as due in India to Sir Thomas Rumbold’s estate of rupees 9, 92, 201 : 4 : 11. These papers are infefted in the Appendix.

Your committee next examined the conduit of the presidency of Madras towards the sovereign princes, whose friendship or enmity is of importance to that fetdemeot, and the general interest of the British nation in In do Han; and they found that the five northern Cirears had been ceded by the Emperor Shaw Allum in 1765; and that on the 12th of November 1766, the nizam made a treaty with the company relative to the fame distri&s; by which treaty it is araongst other things expressly ( tipulated, that the company shall pay to the nizam five lacks a year by instalments; and that Guntoor ( which is one of them ) shall be in the possession of his brother, Bazalet Jung, until his decease, or during his highnefc’s pleasure. —Guntoor having been therefore granted to him in jaehire, and it Bazalet Jung shall disturb the nizam ’ a country, it was ( tipulated that the English should take immediate possession,

, they having the reversion, and having been before bound to mainuin the peace of the nizam’s country—they aim found that on the 23d of Fcbruaty 176$ another treaty had been concluded with the nizam, making some variations in certain articles of the former treaty, bur confirming so much of it as related to the Guntoor Circar in the veTy terms which had before been nfed.

Your committee further found, That in the month of April 1779, Sir Thomas Rumbold and the council of Madras concluded a treaty with Bazalet Jung, for the surrender of the Guntoor, on certain terms, without the participation of the nizam, which had been expressly ( lipulated for both in 1766 and 1768.

In order clearly to understand the nature and effect of this transition, and to judge of the reason alledged by the government of Madras for this disregard or the nizam; it was necessary to trace this matter down from the year 177 ^, at which time the presidency first conceived the idea of taking Guntoor into the company’s porfeiBon, but not without the concurrence of the nizam.

It appeared to your committee, that previous to 177$, many letters had been written by Mr. Whitehill, when chief of Mazulipatam, to the presidency of Madras, and by officers Rationed there, represenring Bazalet Jung’s having connelted himself with Mr. Lally, who had brought some ( lores and troops into the Guntoor Circar, by the port of Mootapilly; and that the government in April 1775, direlfed Mr. Whitehill to keep a watchful eye over them. —It further appeared, that the fame kind of information was sent in May following; and on the 5th of June the board of Madras resolved to write to Bengal, relative to making Bazalet Jung dismiss those French troops, and inclosed the letters which they had received from Mazulipatam. —That on the 31st of July, the presidency received an answer from Beng. ri, dated the 51b of July 1775, authorizing them immediately to take such Heps as may produce the effell of obtaining the dismission of the French; and that a body of troops should be formed, which, together with the nabob ’ s, might march so the frontiers of that country; and as B < za ! et Jung had called in foreign

ii2 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

affi ( lance, they recommended the infixing on the dtfmidion of that affidance; and concluded with this injunction,. 46on failure of which you will signify that your troops will take possession of his country, and that you will endeavour, by negotiation with the nizam, either by an offer of the whole revenues, or otherwise, to obtain an immediate cession of it to the company. — The consideration of this answer was deferred; and on the 7th of August, General Smith was directed to edimate the force which would be necessary for this purpose; which he performed on the 14th of August; but dated his arguments in favour of negotiating with the nizam rather than his brother; and these were adopted by the board unanimoudy. —It appeared to your committee, that the president on this occasion argued strongly for negotiating with the subah ( or nizam ) according to the treaty of 1760; and that a letter was accordingly written to the nizam, urging him to consent to obliging Ba - scalet Jung, id, either to difinifs the Europeans from his service, and trust to the English for the ‘. protection of his country, which is in reality their own, though conditionally vested in him; or zdly, to let the whole Circar, at an annual rent previously to be agreed on, —It was resolved to defer the fending of this letter till the nabob diould be made acquainted with it; who appears, by the prelidentV report on 2id of A < ’ gud, to have been averse to nego ' iation with the nizam. —It appeared, that the letter written to the nizam, but detuned till the nabob ' s sentiments were further known, dated the treaties subsisting between him and the company, and the drift adherence of the English to all such treaties; but that Bazalet Jung had not adhered to the meaning of them in, harbouring French troops. —It further appeared that on the fame day ( the 13th of September ) the president acquainted the governor general and council of their reasons for treating with the nizam, and were loid in return to that letter ( 23d of October ) that the governor general and council would wait the result of the nizam’s answer before they gave any further indruftions : and it also appeared, that a motion was made by Sir Robert Fletcher upon this subject of taking possession of Guntoor9 in which the point is fully debated, and in which he was lingle.

The niznm’s answer ( which was transmitted to Bengal on the d of November ) appears to your committee to have dated, that he had actually sent a person ot diilinftion to have the Europeans in his brother’s service remoted from Adoni, and " every article ( fays he ) of the treaty shall remain fixed to a hair’s breadth. "

Your committee find, that on the 9th of November the government of Bengal wrote to Madras in rhefe terms : 44 if the nizam diall not agree to the terms proposed, " or if he shall give an evasive answer, we then shall approve of your deputing a person to his court; but his commission is merely to be confined to the affairs of the Guntoor Circar, agreeably to the indruftions which we have already given you, which are to deprive the French of any looting in that country; and that the select committee, having transmitted the nizim’s answer to Bengal, of course waited for a further letter from thence, before they took any additional dep.

It appeared to your committee, that on the adofjanuay 1776, the expend letter from Bengal was received, bearing date the mb of December J 775 on this subject was in the following terms : 44 in our letter of the 5th of July, wc let it open to you, to take possession of Guntoor, unless Bazalet

L.

A. 1781 DEBASE S. 113

tifct Jdnglbbuld dismiss all the foreigners in hit ( ervice : without positively ' directing kne measure, we authorize you to carry it into execution, if yoit should think it adviseablfe, confideiing the general posture of things in the Carnatic. If the nizam obtains the femoral, and we are put in pofletiion of Mootapilly, the objectofout first instrunions will be answered; if not, we flBI allow you the ( ame~fatitude to take potlession of Guntoor, and shall be fa - tSsfied with theaccoroplishment of thi < by any just means. ’ *

Ia the whole course of this correspondence, it appeared that the gorernor of Madras, at well at the governor general and council, never loft tight or the treaty of 1768, but, 00 the contrary, that they made the nizam the principal parry in the negotiation, the council of Madras expressly ftacing the terms of that treaty as the ground upon which they ought to address themselves to the nizam, and not to Bazalet Jung.

It appeared to your committee, that after hit period, the influence of the French with Bazalet Jung hid frequently been represented to theprcfidetlcy of Madras as prejudicial to the interest of the Company; and that on the idth of July 17 78, the pretident and select committee expressed their conviction of the evil tendency of this influence, in a minute to that effect.

Yoor committee find, that on the 30th November, the president, after dating that he had frequently convcrfed with BazaLt Jung’s vakeel ( wh « repre - seated his master as extremely desirous of the company’s good W ’ n1 ) produced a treaty, proposed by Bazalet Jung to be entered into between him a id the Company, and ordered a letter to be written to Bazalet Jung, approving of his proposals, and also another to the governor general and council, desiring their opinions on those proposals; the purport of this treatyappeared to be, that Bazalet Jung should cede the Guntoor district to the company, for a certain annual payment to be made them, tree of all charges, civil and military, and that he should dismiss the French troops in his service, in lieu of winch his country should be defended by those of the company; and that on theaad December 1778, the heads of the treaty appear to have been trans - miRed by the president to Bazalet Jur. g. The letter to Bengal, which accompanied a copy of these articles, appeared to be in very general terms, not specitying who the parties were to be, or what should be the mode of negotiation.

And your committee find, that on the 2 ad February, the governor general and council’s answer was read at the board; wherein they say, " in regard to the alliance proposed to be formed with Bazalet Jung, we highly approve of the measure in general, and leave it to you to negotiate and finally conclude a treaty with him. *

Your committee find, that on the 19th April the president proposed that a force should be fenc under Col. Harpdr, for the protection of Bazalet Tung’s country; which was agreed to by the board 5 and that they acquainted the government of Bengal that they had so done, as Hyder Ally threatened an attack on the Cudopah country.

Your committee find, that on the 22d of April much about the time of concluding the treaty, instructions had been given to Mr Hollond ( who had been appointed to an embafiy at the nizam ' s court, on a most important subject, hereafter to be mentioned ) in which mention was made of the affairs of the Guntoor Citcar. The ( cleft committee therein explaining their idea Voju 111. that

( ^.

U4 PARLIAMENTARY A. i S1±

that Bazalet Jtrng had infringed the treaty of 1768, by pnteruioiijgriif French troops in his service, entered into a discussion of that point, which will appear in the uillrutiions themselvea, Hated at length in the appendix and added these words; " we leave it to your judgment to pref9 our view in this respectuppn the nizam, as far as may be nereflary to obtain his concurrence and good offices upwards their completion ’ — - Your, committee find that Mr. Hofiond afterwards, in a letter frpjit Hyderabad, dated the 9th of May acquainted them that, with regard to the renting ° f the ( Juntoof Circar from Bazalet Jung, as you did not lay any Href upon it in you ipflructions and as I was informed that my mentioning it would be totally, useless, 1 have thought it bell for the present to oafs it over in silenccbut it does not appear to your committee Jy whom Mr, Hollond was so informed. Your committee found, that the troops which the presidency had llipu - lated to place iA ' Bazalet Jung’s country, were put under Colonel Ha pur ' s command and intruded to assemble at MootapiUy, and march to Adoni, the capital of Bazalet Jung ' s other possessions in the Decan; and that in the QDprie of Colonel Harpur’s march, bt was directed to follow a route leading through Hyder ' s country, which might have been avoided by taking another road, and eroding the Kiftna in two places—That Colonel Harpur loon found, by two letters from Hyder ' s manager, that his detachment would nof be permitted to go through a narrow pass in the hills called Atcour, which Hyder had guarded; and that when this was communicated by Colonel Harpur to the preftdent and ftk£f committee, they expre&d themselves, on the 3d of August, to be of opinion, that Hyder d d not feriouily intend to ob flru£t the passage; but d reded Colonel Harpur to be on his guard and that the pretidect should write to Hyder upon the subject. —That on the August Colonel Harpur acquainted the select committee, that Hyder ' s manager had collected troops was throwing every impediment in his way, by cutting doyvn trees, Scc. and that he apprehended a Hand would be made againtY him; that at length measures having been taken to surround his detachment on the 14th of August he marched back into the Guoroor Circar : and it doe not appear to your committee, that the fcletl committee had taken any previous measures to secure Hyder’s permilGon to make this, attempt of marching through his country.

It appeared to your committee, that Bazalet Jung, during the course of this expedition, was very impatient for its progress, and had written fevcmjl ktiers, lull of anxiety, on that subj -. l ); having drawn upon himself the dif - pleasure of the nizam and of Hyder Ally .; —And your committee further find that in a letter of the 29th of August 1779, the nabob sent to the governor a copy of a letter which he had received Irom Bazalet Jung, expressive in the ( Ironcell terms of Hyder at the nizam ' s resentment, on account of hia treaty with the English; encloling copies of letters to him from both tbote princes on that subject, expressive of their hostile intention towards Bazaftct Jung and the company. •.

Your committee found, that the letter written by Hyder Ally to Bazalet Jung contains this passage : " in every part throughout Indoftan, whore the English have established their influence and got a footing, under the colour of giving pyoteltiou and afiiflance, experience has shewn what treatment, those have met with who have had any connc&um with that paiipn. " Hf.

. inflaoces

A. X7 « k 0 E B A T E S. tif

iaftancet the priacn in the neighbourhood of Bengal : " my opinion, " fry he, it, that they ought a t to hare a footing in this part of the country— it if not in my power to content to your giving up the Cirrar to my old and ' bitter enemy —If the English are put in poilession,. we cannot agree—why should their protection be folieijed—how often have 1 defea ed them tn Your committee also find, that the letter from the nizam to Bazalet Jang : contmtaa this patiage, 44 you well know the dispofttion of the Europeans; when ' the > get any thing into their hands, they never part with it; witness the date off Soujah Dow La h, dec. It is highly improper to throw so much power into the tends of Europeans, " and lavs, 44 that Hyder will be little better than a ze - foiodar, if che : r power should increase. "

And your committee find, that on the 29th of September, Col. Harpur wa ' again directed to proceed from Inacunda, where his camp was, to Adoni, by such route as Bazalet should propose, or should appear to himself practicable.

Your committee further find, that On the 4/h of October 1779, the prefi - deat produced to the board a letter from the nabob, desiring to have the xfianagement of Guntoor, dating, that he had heard that leave had been ijHren for this to the representatives of his friends. " and also dating as hi principal reaion, that he wilshes to adminider judice in that country according to his own form. This letter appeared to be dated on the 19th September, and not to have been delivered in till the 4th Odtber, and consequently thatf u mod have been above a fortnight in the president ' s private possession. The terms proposed by the nabob appeared to have been as follows, that he ( hould ’ have the management of the Guntoor Circar for ten years, at the folio wing rent, v\ %. Fird two years 200, 000 Madras pagodas, next three years 05, 000 ditto, next three ditto 210, 000 ditto, next two ditto, 225, 000 ditto, in all 0, 500 for tc$ years.

Your committee find, that Mr. Smith requeded to know of the president, qvhether the subject of the nabobs letter should be considered and be determined in the committee or by the council ? and that the presideat was of opinion, that it should be settlsd in the committee; ' and that Mr. Smith thought it ought to be determined on by the council in their irvenue de - ' part men f : and it appeared, that the presideat declared, that if he should here after find it necessary, he should enter his reasons large for thinking the nabob 5 proposals should he determined on in the committee, Mr, Smith ofi. ftrrving. rhat if he should find it necessary he should reply 10 them. Your commiree find, that Sir Hector Munro and Mr WhirehilJ were of opinion, thar ir should be taken into consideration in the committee.

It also appear to your committee, that the presidtat then laid before the board, accounts of the produce of the Guntoor Circar for four years, asfent lii fi by B. tzatee Jung, and thar those accounts were entered accordingly.

Your comm tree turther found, that the prelident laid before the select committee the following extract from the company’s letter, dated 4th March f767 -

" You inform us, that as soon as our authority shall be perfectly edablidied xo the Cirears, you think it will be for our interest to; give the manager meat of the Circar of Condavir ( or Quntoor ) to the nabob of Arcot, at a rca fooable rent; the reasons you offer in support of this opinion are very satis - £ Ciory; fucj ? boundary 4s the river Jtidna mud certainly prevent all so

Qji lour

t

M6. PARLIAMENTARY A.

lour of difpiHe touching the limits; and the troops employed hi the protec non of the Arcot province, may hold that also in obedience; and you will take care to obtain from the nabob as high a revenue as could be procured in any other way" and desired the opinion of the committee, whether or not the proposals made by the nabob should be accepted subject to the company’s approval, and under /uch further limitations at the committee shall think proper for the security of the revenue and the welfare of the inhabitants.

Your committee find, that Mr. Smith thought the letting of the Guntoor Circar a very important matter, and not having feed the letter from ihcr nabob, proposing to rent it, or the other papers now delivered in by the preGdent, until that day. was not prepared to give an opinion upon them, and requested therefore that the conGderation of the affair might be deferred till the next committee.

. It appears to your committee, that Sir Hector Monro and Mr. WhHehili agreed in opinion with the preGdent; who observed, that as it seems to be - the wish of the company, that the nabob should have the Guntoor Circar at rent whenever it came into our hands, he does not fee bpw, with that part of the company’s letter before them, the committee would be ju&fied its rejecting the nabob’s proposals; that he is against delay in this buGness, as the season is very far advanced, and the revenue will suffer, if some meaforcs are not speedily adopted; that he should have proposed the subje0 be lore, byt was desirous of obtaining every nectifory information of the value of the country, which he has accordingly done; that as he looks on the ' poileJfioo of the Guntoor Circar to be of very material consequence to the company, andi has proposed every tneaiure to the committee that he thought likely to obtain it, he is deiirous the company should know by the ships now under dispatch 3II the fiepa that have been taken in the negotiation and settlement of the country, which he flatters himself cannot fad of meeting with their approval, and do credit to this ' government, whether considered in a political light, or as easing the company of some part of the burthen of their military exigences.

And your committee find, that in consequence of this resolution of the board, the preGdent acquainted the nsb b, that his offer, under certain fttpu - lotions, was accepted; but Hcy also find, that after the invasion of the Car - - natic, viz. on the 2 6. of September 1760, the presidem and fele& committee of Madras acquainted Bazalet Jung, " that behaving deGred to be reGored to his count y, and the nizam having intereOed himself with the go -, renuif general of Bengal on the fame account j they have ordered their trogp; to be withdrawn, ’ for in the month of Jotie preceding, the governor general and council appear to have sent their positive ordere to Madras, for reiqliating Bazalat Jung, and for withdrawing their t - oops and servants, for. bidding the unfortunate presidency to exercise any judgment upon the fub i jtt, but directing them to pay immediate obedience to their orders, as they1 never naeanf the nizam frock ) be overlooookcd, Jt due not appear 10 your committee, that any answer was lent from the board at Madras to this letter, till the; d of September 1780; which they account for by acquainting the governor general and council, that they had considered of their letter of 12th. June again and again, and infilling upon it, that they had authority to con - *

dude

A. 1781; DEBATES. t

etude the treaty with Baxalet Jung, from the letters of 5th July, 9th N ▼ember, and nth December, 1775 and 31ft December 1778 : and you committee find, that they then acquainted them of their having let the Ctr - car to the nabob, but that they had written to desire his rdignation of it. — Ic appears to your committee, that on the receipt of this antwer at Bengal, she governor general entered a minute, and that a letter was written in con - Sequence of it, denying that there either was, or in fair con ft ' uflion could be, any authority given in those letters to break the treaty of 1768, by overlooking the nizam, at these ! e ters contained no more than a general acqui - " dccncc to treat with Baxalet Jung : and he adds, that the government of Bengal was not made acquainted with the concluding of that treaty in April K779 » U the 18th of February 1780, which was several months afterward ?; mod that noanswer had been given, or any notice whatever taken of positive orders from Bengal, for the restoration ofBazalet Jung, dated 12th Jme, to the 3d September, above two months after; and tint in subsequent lettera of die 17th September, the subject was ftudioufty avoided : and that the governor general concluded this minute with moving, that Mr. Whitenil ! shoukl be fofpended ( that gentleman having succeeded to the government on Sir Thotnas Rumbold’s departure, in the month of April preceding ) which urns voted unanimously; and the order for that purpose brought to Madraa by Sir EyreCoote, when he arrived to take the command of the army.

Your committee find, that Mr. Whitehall entered a minute on that occa - faofi; which does not appear to contain any answer to the fa s Hated in the latter from Bengal, but cohfifts of an argument again# the authority of the foprerne council in the present case, and bn exculpation of his own condod, a the treaty had been originally made by Sir Thomas Rumbold.

Your committee further find, That after the vote of suspension bad been pefieden Mr. Whitehill, he was still permitted to deliver in another minnte; in which he sferibes it to his own forbearance and discretion, rhat a civil war firosid not be raised in the fertlement upon this occasion, it force were used to remove him from his feat in council.

Your committee next adverted to the manner in which this transaction vrvtb the brother of the nizam had beet ) represented ro the directors, the fcorimentg they entertained, and the conduct which they held upon it; and found, that when this matter was in agitation in 177 the government of Madras, on the 4th of July 1775 acquainted the court of direQors with the which had then been taken to prevent the growth OMhe French imereft so Guatoor : from which letter it will appear, that the interests of the nizam, and the treaty of 1768, were fully attended to : and your committee further ' find, rhat on 10th July 1778, it had been Oared to them, by a general letter, that the French party in Baxalet JungVservice bad assumed the confluence, which alarmed Bazaiet Jung himself, and that the president had paid attention ro propofalsmeceived from him on that subject; and it stfo appears, that on the 17th October, another general letter from Madras acquainted the of directors, that they had hopes of concluding this mutter with B. > zalet Jung : and your committee find, that on the 13th March 1779, the court of directors was informed, by another general tetter, that the treaty would ' ( boa he concluded, the objects of which are stated in a general letter from - Madras ( dated the 14th October 2779 ) to be not of a pecuniary nature, but

neceflUry

le

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17I *.

IttcriTary for the faceiiry of the Circars, and the nabob northern poCefEons, tfgainll the ravages of Hyder AHy, to which these countries are open.

Your committee also End, That on ytft U&ober 1778, Sir Thomas Rum - bold, 10 a lei ter db reded to the chairman of the East India company, repre - font hs views in obtaining the removal of the French troops from the Gtra - toor Circar, and getting the actual pofldEoa of it, to be, that it may remaia Under the company’s management.

And your committee find. That in tbit letter the directom are told, that the di feu ( Sons which had taken place with the zemindars passed down to the paefidency, would iirike at the root of many evils, and that he had no doubt that their heavy balances would be paid by them.

The letter of the 14th October above - mentioned, is found by your com imttre to acquaint the directors, that the president had employed himself in ascertaining the value of the Guntoor Circar for the few lad years ' of Bazulct Jung ’ collections; and that as the nabob, by the letter of the 4th March 1 - 767, had been promised the Guntoor Gi : car whenever it should come mto the company’s hands, his highness had put them in mind of that promise and had made the proposals above dated, thereby offering a higher rent than had been colietted in aoy of the four preceding years. That the produce of the country could be realized only in one or two ways, either by collecting it, in which case any deficiency mud be made good by the company to Bazalct Jung, or by letting it to the nabob, the only responsible tenant.

Your committee, in order u > enable the House to judge of the true mean ing of the passage eked from the letter of the 4th March 1767, examined the Whole of that letter, and found that the paragraph ( No. 12 ) immediately preceding that which was relied on, contained reasona against continuing the Company’s Jaghire lands in the hands of the nabob for more than a year/ Which the court of dtre&ors represent a equally applicable to the case of the Circars. And your committee also examined a letjtec of the ift April 1766,. Which had given occasion to that of the 4th of M < rch 767, and without which your commitree conceived the laitercouldnot perfectly be underfb ' od. Your committee found, That the letter of the id April t - j *. was wrirteij ioon after the ccllion of the northern Circars; and dated, that the presidcucy of iViadras, by reason of tome pecun nry ir nfa‘lions, were induced, atone time, to entertain thoughts of ietiing the whole Circars to the nabob; but that they had abandoned that idea, from being convinced of the propriety of keeping them in the company’s hands, and in order to avoid giving rfience to the nizam, whose country adjoins to the company’s Cirpars, and who was jealous of the nabob’s designs on the Decan : but that as to Guntoor, your committee find thar they express themselves in these words : 4 As it lies on this fide the Kiftoa, and is inerovxed with the nabob’s countly to the northward, and the troops which he is obliged to keep there to guard that country, will at the fame ti 1 e preserve tranquillity in Condgvir ( i. e. Gun jfer ) it may be for your ioterest to give him ( the nabob ) the management of t nta reasonable rent, as Toon as your aothoriry is perfectly established. ’ ’ Your committee find. That the court of directors, in their general letter of the 10th January 1781, say, M That they shall not wsrfte time in pointing out the vny different ( iteration of affairs atpresent, compared with the period of 1767; nor by poin ing out what many years ex e. ence has shewn, that qooe but the company’s troops should be trafted in any part the nabob ’ s

country:

L

D E B ATE ’ 8.

ewirjrt T a lease lotk nabob for tea years, is dhettly contrary to th# cit a off letter of repeated infbuttions; and that the conduct of the presidedt mmimajority of the council in this respect amounts to little left than open con leapt of the authority of the court of directon : that if the president and feledfc eoffitMUee tad considered the twelfth paragraph of the letter relied on, of th « 4fh March rcfletted on the repeated representations which had bee *

made again# infer ing the Jaghirc laudato be under the nabob ' s managers, they

» ba c fesn the application of ( Hem to this subject, and would not have lifted the nabob ' s people in a ootuury, of which they had so recently posited the possediaa,. and which Separatesihe company from their noftharo dtfU < §b. " : « t

•dfoor committee find,. That the lour of diredom, in this letfer, deny 4 the Letter of 1767 imports any promtfe to nabob, Or that he claim tty such promtfe, as he goes no further chan to > lay, that - he has heard that toff had been given to grant him a. leaf of ihia Cirtu —The diiettors the dMer c, that as. ro. the oilenfible clause which lobjedh the bargain to theli ture approbation, they are really concerned to find• their servants capable of {fettering thetnfelvet behind a fubtenuge which they ought to have been pftmtned of dating knowing, as they mud, the inconvenience and embarrass that mu# attend the operation of that provifd, if the company Should tk fit to amend the agreement— ' That, however, they do expressly diiatioW agreement, and pobtively direct the guotoor Circar to be resumeU for thn p 7anjhrThst Hyder Ally could not be. ex petted to remain an indifferent % ppd Sor, if in addition to the odenfible mjea of expelling the French from w COifntoor Circar, that country were. put into the hands of the nabob, hit inveterate enemy and that the presidency, as they themselves rrpre : ent, III been informed by the nabob, that Hyder was acquainted with every that passed at hia durbar—That colonel Harpur ! march of 6 days Hyder’s country, without his conftnt, was highly imprudent; and if Basalet Jung ' s country is. kept and they are unable to afford him th « fipslattd protection,. he will probably fall a sacrifice to ' the resentment of tktc mum and Hyder Ally; adding this observation, " The Utter has, by $9 trimprudence, hadan opportunity of acquiring and manifeffing additional mmsequence; the result may render him dill more troublesome, and the con farfion be unfavourable to the company’s affairs on that fide of India, "—• r commutes funher find, That in tbw general letter the court of directora Villaadvert upon the manner of letting this Circar to the Nabob, which they t nn precipitate and unjuflifiable; and that they agree with Mr Smith in qpaoion, that the nabob’s proposals ought to have been coofidered in the council at large in their 1 evenue department, and not in the felett committee - iXhat Bazalet Jung, and his accounts, were made a lubffitute for a com msec, of circuit, with this difference, that the committee of circuit ’ reports would have come before the board ?; large, but Bazalet Tung’s representa Isons were, by the cuffgbvof the service, subject in the nrff inffance to tb presidentV inspection only—That they commend Mr. Smith’s condutt, in whfiuog for time to consider of the accounts and proposals till the next com * Htetr; but that this request, which they deem reasonable, was refused,

- Your committee further find. That the directors observe that the nabob’s lessee was above a forrnighc. it; the president’s poffdEon, and when brought to light, a majority appeared ripe for dec; lion; that the quession was forthwith puts

120 PARLIAMENTARY A, i ? 8 »

put, and carded, for a ten year’s lease, with as little cefemotsy as if it had been for the purchase of a bale of cloth; as though it had involved no one confederation of importance, nor been of the least consequence to the peace of the country, or welfare of the company, although the presidency had every reafrn to believe, from the strong representations of Hyder and the nizam, that it would be extremely difficult to reconcile them to the mea - lures, or to fulfil their ( lipulation - with Baza let Jung, even by force of arms.

Your committee having examined the origin and progress of this treaty respecting the Guntoor Circar, and the effect it produced on the minds of the nizam of the Dccaa and Hyder Ally; and having also examined the conduH of thefupreme council upon that occufion, as well as the sentiments and con dust of the couit of directors, proceeded next to examine another important transactiquy what wbs going on, with - the nizam, and which is intimately cotW netted with the transaction with his brother Bazalet Jung above Bated.

- It appears to tb « committee, That on the 27th January 1779, Sir Thomaa Rumbotd delivered in a minute, accompanied with certain letters of intelli geuce which he had deceived i from all which, together with a confederation ' of many points respecting the affairs of the Carnatic, he was induced to pro pose to the committee, that Mr. Hollond should be sent to the nizam s court f and hg urges it as necessary, " if no other oonfequenoe were to arise from ir than our being at u certainty of the views and intentions of the nizam, and tov obtain such intelligence as we now only receive by chance; the settlement of the Guntoor Circar .; the payment of the nizim ' s tribute; the being at some certainty with respatt to any intrigues ( he French may be carrying on, are alt pbjetts of importance; and the fending some person immediately to Hydera - Jxid, « s well as to Hyder Ally, appeared to him sbfolutely necessary. ' *

Your committee find, That the tribute here alluded to, payable to the nizam, is fiv e lacks of rupees, stipulated to be paid to him when the&ircats were furre. ndcred in 176$, and is called peicufh—And it appeared, that the committee agreed to this propoial, and order a letter to be written to the gover - nor general and council, and acquainting them with this measure; which letter, dated 7th February, lets out with acquainting them of their having in tclligence from Poonah, " that the company’s arms had sustained a disgrace 5 and with respect to the nizam, they say, that his avowed attachment to the Poouah mimllers, and the warmth with which he remonstrated to your board, and to thL government, agsinft the designs which he understood to be formed in favour of Kagonatit Row, sufficiently shew how he mull have received the news of this disader, and how. materially this misfortune will contribute to lirengtben the inclination he will naturally have conceived to our prejudice. As our northern Circars are so open to invasion from the dominions of Nizam Al. i, and as there is but coo much reason to doubt of hia friendship for the company, we think it highly expedient, at this juntture, to h ve the bed intelligence of his deity *, and to be timely informed of any motions he may make towards the provinces. For this purpose, as well as to settle every thing that may be necessary for obtaining the Gudtoor Circar, and procuring the diiraiflion of the French troops from ( be service of Bazalef Jung, we have appointed one of the company ' s l ' ervants to proceed to the court of Nizam Alii, in quality of resident : he will have infractions to correspond with your board, and to communicate every information you may require from that quarter. 1 ’

And

A > tJ8 ». DEBATES.

Ul

And your committee find, That the inftro&ions given to Sit. Holloati on. 1his occasioa, w re to the following purport : that he should ende - your to re Move from the mind of thenzam any unfavourable impression he m iy have deceived xtfpeAing the Maratta war, and the expedition set on foot from Bengal $ to fabstitute others more favourable in their Head, and to cultivate she fnendfeip eft sbli feed between the nixam and the company by the treaty cf 1766. But as forae circutnstances had happened with respect to the Guntoor CirCar, which might be thought toafiect the terms of that treaty, 0H. J enter into ab explanation of < the danger - to be apprehended from the Xmch ttoops which were in his service and acquaint him, that they had eebneda negotiation with Baxalet Jung on th < r subject, inciofit - a copy of « C treaty proposed by that prince, together with their answeri and inform that they shortly expect a final condition of it. They acquaint Mr Rollond, that it is left to his judgment to ptefs this matter with the nixam, jmnraeT toobtiiib his concurrence; and inform him, the treaty of 1768 ha fciag teen concluded with the nixam only, they hate hitherto made all their Applications to him, considering him as respoofible for the due execution of dtx part which concerns his brother. They then date to Mr. Holland, that mdirjr opinion, Baxalet Jting has infringed the treaty, by enter. lining French UUpope, and that they have for that reason retained the nizam’s peicufe, or A b iie That this nuft however be explained to the nizam, so as to remove My junto about the future regular payment of his petcuib. And they fur Bfiafditt&Mr Hollond to convey every necessary intelligence to the fupreroe MmsB, as well as to themselves, and to be as early as poifible in all comrau bpinoftito both prctidencies. —And your committee find, That on the 19th April 1779, the fe ) e& committee resolved to acquaint Mr. H « > llond ( who arrived at Hyderabad on the 6th ) with the steps which had beep taken f lift Baxalct Jung, that he might avail himlelfof it with the nixam, in OcArto engage him to take a part with his brother in checking the dangerous eMIgha of Hyder Ally : but your committee do not find the answer to thia ' lutttt entered upon the Madras confuhations, cither within the time in which imtrrs appear in the usual course to have been received from Hyderabad, or after period —It appeared to your committee, th. it Mr. Hollond in September following, transmitted to Bengal his whole correspondebce with tfitt presidency of Madras, and among others a copy of this answer which appears to have been written on the 17th May, and contains an account of the Amatt ’ a being greatly ofieoded wife the presidency. —And it further appeara Os your committee, that Sir Thomas Rumbojd, in a letter to Mr Hollor dr dated 10th June, acknowledges the receipt of this, together with another Macros subsequent date, vix. 4th of May But your committee cannot rtncniin the day on which it vfas so received by Sir Thoma9 RuInbold, as ho only mentions his having duly received it 1 but your committee find, from fsaminiffg the dates and receipts of many letters from Hyderabad to Madras Clint ten, eleven or twelve days is the ufnal time required for transmuting aheen from the one place to the other; and that in the present instance eighteen linjU bed eUpfed between the 17th of May ( the day of the date; and Ap gth Jane, when a very important fiepwas moved by the ptefident, which to the nixam’s resentment.

R

Tout

PARLIAMENTARY 4L t7f

Ywr comtfRtterfind, That this letter of Mr HoHoad dated 17 th ( lay ( addressed to the president and felett committee ) informs them, that in htf audience of the nizam, he had fisted to him the measures taken in support of fcis brother, and the hopes which were entertained that he would assist the presidency with troops, to cheek Hyder Ally; but that, from the change if his highness’s countenance, he few that he was much difirefied; and that when he requefied an answer, the tiizam told him, that affairs of this nature Were attended with serious consequence, and required mature deliberations and gave several reasons why he could not furmih troops or proyi % mr — Your committee ' further find, That Mr Holiond, in tbiiletter, rcpre ( eat % that in a second conference with the nizam, his higbt\efs pbfeeved, tha g Was extraordinary, when a person was lent for the purpose of firengchemng their fi iendship, that the company should engage in measures so little likely to produce that effect—That he read over the articles of the treaty of 1766 ana said, that entering into engagements with his brother was a direct vieU tion of it—That the presidency had no right to interfere in the concerns of Jits family % and that he ought to have been cowfulted. —And it appears to I© your committee, That Mr. Holiond endeavoured to exeufe this, bydb fervrag, that ( he presidency were so well afiured that Hyder Ally intended immediately ' to attack his brother’s country, that there bad not. been time for cofifafring him; but that the nizam denied that Hyder half any fwA intention, and always reverted to the treaty, saying, that nothing coidd ho trged m vindication of the fieps which had been taken, and that if the treaty was : o be observed, the troops should be flopped from marching into tbs country; if it was net to be regarded, he ftould be obliged to oppofft hCJJU Mr, Holiond adds, that the nizam had informed him, that Hyder Ally is fended speedrly to fall on the Carnatic, in bts former manner of plundering and burning, and avoiding pitched battles; and that he has no doubt of tbi nizam ' s wifhe to form an alliance with the Englifti again U Hyder Ally.

Your committee find. That previous to the date of the foregoing letter, the nizam had written a letter to Madras ( received on the 10th of Ma ig which he expressed satisfaction at the appointment of Mr. Holiond, and v&i presented him felt ns determined to adhere fiedfafily to treaties; and that Mr Holiond acquainted the presideocy of his arrival as Hyderabad on the 6th, and the honourable reception given to him by the nizam two days. after his arrival; and that at the second interview with the nizam, he. had afTiued him, according to mftructions, of the company’s intentions to adhere firidUy to the treaty of 1768; that with respect to the pefcufh for the CSrcnra fin full confidence of his giving all reasonablesatisfa&ioa w i; h regard to t£ieCircarof Guntoor, and the rroops in Bazaiet Jong’s service ). it was, their intention t ' give orders for paying the arrears, and discharging the, pefcufh regularly 30 future, according to kifi; and chat his highness made the strongestand raofi earned declarations of his desire so be, upon terms of the fi i£test friendship with the company; saying, Thor he had never deviated in any in fiance, from the treaties subsisting, had refilled foliciration to support the Trepeh, and had caused his brother to dismiss Lally and hi troops from Gsmtoos, which Mr, Holiond informs them the nizam had taken into hit own servicer to prevent their joining Hyder and the Maravtas, H ihe nizam a Hedged And your committee find. That the answer which the president pwposed to

A. 781. DEBATES, taj

be made to Mr. Hoi food ' s letter, appearing on the fel£& confutations of the fth of June, directed him to Gate to the oizam, that it was wished the French troops had been Tent to the Tea coast, where they might have been fear, together with other French prisoners, to their native country, that jthey might not disturb the peace - of the different Gates of India. And your committee also found, That the governors minute then proceeds In theCe words 2 u. loiuft now request the committee ' s per mi ( Bon to lay before them

my ( enliments on a particular point, if possible, to be negotiated with the foabah. If I ( bould be so happy as to find the committee with me in opinion,

2 nroold recommend that Mr. Hollond be wrote to on the subjedb I am fibie it is a very delicate one, and mud not be abruptly gave into; but that the opening it to the foubah ( nizam ) will require much management on die part of Mr Hollond, who mud, by turns, sooth and work on his appro heofioos as occasion may require. I have always considered he pefcufn as ' disgraceful to the company, and an acknowledgment which the foubah had jmsight to demand. The giving up the Guntoar Cirgar during the life of baa brother Bazalet Jung, was fuffuierrt condesceniion. The grant from the Mogul was free and unconditional for the five Circars; ' and the receiving v Tthem afterwards from the nizam, on paying him an annuftTpefcufh, Wat a - iacrifice of the company ! rights. The time seems favourable to threw off £6heavy a burthen; for the immepfe expences the company are put to, both to - the northward and in the Carnatic, renders it necessary that we should endenvoux to relieve them as much as possible. We may with safety make the attempt, and try to obtain a re million of so unnecessary and so improper a tribute, which by the Mogul ' s pbirmaund to the company, the foubah has po legal title to; but in the end, should the withholding of it be impolitic, am likely to be. attended with difficulty, we may then make good the payments to him# 1 am perfuaddd he is not Sufficiently powerful to enforce the de jttsnd; and the ground I go upon is, that he would not have been entitled to /az£kfuch a mark of dependence, if the original phirmawod from the em - - pecor had been properly "attended to/ And your committee further find, jhat after force other arguments fgrounded on the circurafianoe of the pef - ufh having been but two lacks for the first six years, and afterwards raised so five by the treaty ) that he proposed that Mr. Hollond should be written so particularly on the subjetf, that be might use his utmost etfoeavoAirsto. obtain so desirable an obje#; < ( nor ( continued he ) would I have hi n mention any compromise, or llipulate for the payment of any part of the pefculh, sill every endeavour has in vain been used to induce the foubah to telinquiib the whole; and Mr. Hollond riiay from ’ his observations learn, if there are any points in which the foubtab jviihes a compliance on the part of the company that may be acceded to in return for giving up his claim to the pef -, ou ( h. And it appears, that the telcfik committee intirely approved, and ordered the letter accordingly, which was signed on the nth of June ( as Sir Thomas Hurobold Gates in his minute of the 30th of December ) tproceeding in the feme Grain of reasoning with the presidentVminute;

mod concluding in these terms; " Although our wifiies extend to an entire remission of pefcvib, which we would have first proposed to the foubah, and Supported by your bed endeavours, yet we confeft, that without fompthing of importance to tempt hl$j > vx can tardl/expect he will

« 4 PARLIAMENTARY A. i ) « U

•t once be brought to so great a concession; but we hope, by making the demand at this time, we shall more easily obtain what we think we have a julbclaim to, which is a ponsiderable abatement in the amount of the pefcufh It therefore the foubah, after all your endeavours, shall appear difiodined to remit the whole, you will try to bring the pefcufh back to the former standard of two lacks, which is as. much at the countries can afford. " You ? committee find, that the terms of the original treaty are these ( vi *. ) That from 1768 to 1774, the company shall pay two lacks a year—from 177 ^,. the sum of five lacks; and whpn ifie Guptoor Circar shall come into possession, seven lacks. annually.

It appears to your committee, That Mr. Hollopd’s answer ( ? 6th of June ) represen ted the nizam as continuing the fame language a ? he had before bold, with respect to his entertaining Mr. Lally and his trbops, and that he speaks of them as vagrants of all nations. —As to the treaty with Bazalet Tung, that he ( Mr. Hollond ) had represented ro the nizam, that, in fad, the company had 4. right to the Quntpor Circar, by Bazalet1 having broken the second article of the treaty, in harbouring the enemies of the Eog « lish, but that they were satisfied with renting it from him, and undertaking, at the same time, to defend his territories. < r - But your committee find, That when the subject of the pefcufh was mentioned, Mr. Hollond acquaints them, that the nizam was exceedingly agitated, and said, that he finds that the presidency was determined to break the treaty; that there was no further occasion for his ( Mr. Hollond ' s ) flaying there, apd that if they were bent on war, be was likewise ready; and that if they fitw any advanrage in breaking with him, he shoulfl be very well pleated, as he was convined, in case jpf a rupture, the profits of the contefi would be on hi ? f}de < —That the fut > render of these Cirears > yas grounded on thp fraud and ignorance of his managers, and that he had fubpfftted to that heavy loss from a sense of his engagements, and considerpd himfplf as bound by the treaty—That he threatened immediately 0 Join Hyder fA\y, and desired this mi ht be communicated to the presidency, and a speedy answer returned; for if there were any delay, his troops might polfibly advance on Colonel Harpur. —And your committee find. That on the xpth of July, the fele& committee answtred this letter; observing, that although the nipam’s refeptment is raised, they Sill flatter themfylves with greater luccef than they could have procured by a different line of conduit; and that they directed Mr. Hollond to represenr, that no threat wps meant, but that it was intended the remission should pro ceed from the nizam favour and generality—that the claim, however, is built on such foundation of equity, that it cannot bp relinquished, and hope be will be convinced of it—that as they cannot flatter themselves that ap entire remission will be granted, Mr. Hollond may make proportions for abatement of the tribute; and concluded with inftrnlfing hirp, that though they will pay what is duf, when in cash, they shall be fully prepared to revenge the lead insult that is offered to theip.

Mr. Hpllopd s answer to these orders ( dated the 3 iff of August 1779 ) appeared to your committee to Hate, Thpt he and the nizam had gone over the subject with the fame arguments which h d been used on the former occasion—that be feeir. eJ particularly agitated, when it was flated to him that he h d li t ( amt rttniffipn in fpyuur off othf rs—that be still spoke of the, ' peceflky

( ^.

( hat be ( Mr, Hollond ) might have his and eucc of leave in two days; and that he had received a tnefljge accordingly, to prepare himself for his departure. —Mr. Hollond also dated this as the reason why he did not make the proportions of paying the arrears if the pefcodi in future were remitted believing the medage to be an artifice to drive him to the lad pmpodrton he might have In charge, and that Mr. Hollond then represented his wish, that snazir ( orpresent ) might be offered to the nizam, as he is fat sfied that the remission having been once proposed, ought to be carried through, led it should appear to be deserted from weakness; and that he conceives that the sizatnvs reluctance proceeded from the credit he derives from this tribute being paid to him by the English company.

Your committee finding. That the negotiation with the nizam stood in ( his fitnation in September 1779 it was thought necessary next to advert to ( be proceedings at Bengal on this subject; the president and feltft committee at Madras having acquainted the governor general and council with Mr. Hollond9 deputation, on the 7th of February 1779, and having informed them that he wasinftru&ed to communicate with the governor gene - val and council.

Your committee have dated above, That Mr. Hollond had writren to Bengal on the 9th of May, but thenceforward, to the 3d of Sep ’ cinber, no letter appears to have been written by him to the government ot Bengal —On that day your committee find that he wrote very ffiortly, Incloling copies of the several letters enumerated below, the fubffance of which have been al ready mentioned; and informing them, 44 That he should have sent them Separately at the time they were written, but deferred doing it, in expectation of being able to give them more decisive information, with regard to die objecti they relate to " The fonbah ( he added ) talks of taking the fiel4 as soon as the rains are over, but his motions muff depend upon the turn the ne tions take with the miniffers of Poonah.

mclosures are.

His letter to Madras, the 9th of May.

Letter from Madras to him, the tad of April.

Letter to Madras, the 17th of May.

Letter to him from Madras, the x tth of June#

His answer, the 26th of June.

Letter from Madras, the 10th of July.

His answer, the tiff of August.

Your Committee found, That the governor general, on the 25th of October, entered a minute upon this subject, recapitulating the objects of Mr. Holload’s original inffructions, as sent to the governor general on the 7th of February, which he considersas wife, and confident with the power of the goverpment of Madras, independent of the controul of the governor general, being merely calculated to maintain pence; bat observing, by the tenor of the subsequent inffructions, it appeared they had been impercepti My ted from their fit ft design, ioto a train of demands, which are, both in their nature and tendency, opposite to it, and have proved such in their cffb&g. The treaty with Bazalet Jung, fays he, is concluded and avowed without the interpofiriop of his immediate sovereign and Thctr ally « he

arrears

16 PARLIAMENTARY A. i7 r.

Jr rears and current payment of the pefcufh withheld, and effectually, though Indirectly, refused, under pleas highly unreasonable and irregular; and a demand made lor dismission of the French and other enemies, and native Forces, en ’ ertained under the command of Lally, a French officer, a demand in irfeif reasonable and Suitable to the relation in which they Hand with the nabob, but neither politic nor reasonable, while their other demands indicate War, and are even accompanied with indue# threats of it. And the gover - nor general observed < on the light in which the nizam received these propo - fitions, as proceeding from a proper fcnfe of insult; That the demands of dare imply confederation, and a determination to Support them; that the cession of the Cirears was extorted by neceility, and an attempt to deprive the nizam of his pefcufh, is therefore doublycriminal. The governor and council ( continued he ) have, however, on i©th July, expressed their hopes to succeed from the generoftty of the nizam, and have apparently reduced the negotiation to a. quiet acquiescence in the treaty, as it now Hands, apparently, because they conclude with this expredion, that they will discharge what is due when they are in cash, but will defend their just rights if they should be attacked; and observed, that they will have disturbed, in any, event, the good understanding between them and their ally; that ail negoti# ation should originate with the government of Bengal; that they had given. their fanltion to Mr. Hollond’s appointment, under inducements widely different from the circumstances which have Since been made the obje# of that negotiation. And your committee find, that he therefore moved, whether the board shall interfere, or should leave the conduit of the nc « gotiation to Fort St. George; and that it w ? unanimously carried for in#, terfering.

Your committee also find, that a letter was written, on the I ft of Novemr ! ber 1779, to the nizam, calculated to throw as little blame as possible on the government of Madras, in the eyes of the nizam and yet to quiet his apr prehensions; and that the letter flates, that the government of Madras could not have had an idea of tha offensive intentions which his highness imputed to then ); for if they had, they mud have imparted it to the government of Bengal, as such a design could not be carried into execution, nor could the Company’s name be ever pledged without the fanllion of the supreme coun - cil; and that they acquaint the nizam, that they have directed Mr. Holland to suspend his negotiation till he shall h ive received further inflrutlions ' from his immediate condiments, to whom they have written for that purpose. And your committee find, that on the id of November, the supreme. council accordingly wrote to Mr. HoHond, suspeoding his negotiation, and ' inch ’ sing the foregoing letter. Your committee further find, that the governor general, &c. also wrote to Madras on the 4th November 1779, in the fame ft rain of propriety and moderation that was held in their letter to the nizam, and inclosed to them copies of their letters to Hyderabad, requiring their drill conformity to the subje# of these letters. It appears your committee, that Mr. Hoilond, on the 18th December 1779, acquainted ! the governor general, that he had delivered his letter above men tinned to ! the nizam, who oprefiVd great satisfaction. And it also appears, that tb « nizam’s answtr dwelt on the reputation of the English for good faith, tod, then advened to the negotiation of Mr# Hoilond; and states, that the go *

yernment

4Li ? 8fc - DEBATES. Uj

ytmmtut of Madras had by violence fazed the Circar, which by treaty be

sage to his brother f and aftit what was he to conclude from such conduct breach of ifie treaty ? and declares, that he was on the eve of revengu tog these ' iofulu when their letter arrived, \ > \xt that he has now put a stop tw bit wcafures. If ( fey he ) what you. write is from your heart, and the government of Madras will remain ltrift to treaty, and will refinquish pof < fcfiicm of the Circ r, it is well; it not, 1 have nothing of more consequenc# tbaq defending my country It is from this new line of conduit of th £ng « Mi company, that the foundations of enmity have been laid in the whafcn country of Indoftao, And he concludes with detiri ig their friendship may

CBBtiaue ( teady. ..

: Your committee find, that on the 14th February 1780, the governor ge ml and council Cook into confiueration a letter from Madras, dared r 5th January 1780, in answer to theirs of 4th November; in whuch. the pr ? fidrnt A council of Madras cap refs so prize that their endeavours, - by friendly and peripafiv ^. meaqs to get rid of heavy and disgraceful burthen, shoutA by dot wed a breach of faith; they ( late their first representation to rfm 4fisn, as erring, rather on the fide of forbearance; and that tfye violent Manner ip which the ( bubah received then ?, had occasioned the spirited ron pretentarion made by Mr. Hollond, and their subsequenc orders to addrefm the ninam to a style, fukable to the offence he had given : they expirfs them fehef as greatly concerned at the intefpbfition of the governor general, andt the manner of it; asserting, that no interference on this occasion w. s justified by their refraining powers : they cite the cluides above Hated in the di QcorgcUI. aadobserve, 41 that the retraining power is confined t > tw point *, orders. for declaring war, or for making treaties, not a positive com yelling power extending to all political affairs; but tb < t the niz - tnr chofii tn - onoftructhis iqdfenftve,. end even forbearing conduct, into a design of wmkfipg hofrlioes, nod to txprefe hitnieif in a ( h ie that betrayed morn n ksd end foUy than any purpose from which they might apprehend danger; w mid add, that they had wiktea to the nizam to ( atisfy him in re rd tatbcpefcuJh,

Vmr committee further find, that this letter, inclosed a minute of Sir Thomas - twhich the council of Madras alluded to as cot. taming

tfayir own ( enti#tejH |; in which he complains both of the matter and ( hie of ffcn letter from Bengal, and then. proceeds to shew, at very great length, that tbit nizsmVrcfenuocnt arose from the Maratta war, and the part which the government of Bengal had taken in it : and it appears, that the presidenft vary elaborately difpuies the point of juriididinn, and endeavours to shew, that the con trolling power is confined to the concluding of a treaty only, iad o ) to the intermediate negotiation; that he infills upon the fame poll, tkm which are dwelt upon in the letter which accompanied it, at much greater length; and observs, that the ( loppage of pefculh is justiikd by the bne practice which obtained in the case of Shaw Allum; recriminating upon the oooodudof the presidency of Bengal with much warmth, and acquainting them, that in the lad committee he had moved for the recall of Mr. HoU w. 4to whom letters had been sent for that purpose on the 17th Decembef preceding,

If our

m9 - t > ARLt AMEtf T ARV A.

Your committee find, that the governor general entered a minute upon these letters, hoping at the same time that the Thoard would concur with hint in referring these extraordinary performances, as he ttrifts them, to the court of directors, and that he declined making any particular reply to ( hem *

In answer to the letter from Madras, the governor general and council appear to your committee to satisfy themselves with protesting fgaihft the doctrine therein laid down, which endeaVoutg to cofifide their controlling power merely to the concluding of a treaty; and not seeing hdw the fest, in any shape, applies to the measures of either boards they make do reply t at. —Your committee also find, that on i6 h January Mu Hollohd acquainted the governor general of his recall; and was much surprized that the letter which recalled him should have desired the nizam to fend down one of his own " confidential servants to Madras, to confer whh that pfefidency on such matters as he might have to pfopose; " and that he concluded from his having had no separate letter or official copy of that to the nifcam, that the governor was personally dissatisfied with him; and conjectured, that thiO ' might arise from the nabob of Arcot or Fazel Beg, whose intrigues he all Waj $ fufpcfted, as a free intercourse with the nizam was mifchievout to both, or from his having communicated pursuant to his instructions with thego vernor general and councils

And your committee find, that he thought it absolutely impossible make the nizam easy on the head of Bazalet Jung, wfclom that prince con fiders as independent the moment the company’s troops reach Adonis and that Mr. Hollond Hated his own opinion of the very pernicious tendency of his subsequent inltruftions relating to the pefcufh, especially at so critical a time, when Hyder was connecting himself with the French, and Lilly i£tn « ally gone over to him.

And your committee further find, that on the 14th of February 1780, the governor general and council, in order to obviate the ill efifc&s which might proceed from Mr. Hollond’s fndden recall, took into consideration the neccifity of appointing a person to reside as their minister at the court of the nizam. The reason particularly fitted, is, that his recall would have too viable an appearance of disunion between their government and that of Madras; they there fore resolved, that an application should be made to the prefi enf and l ' elect committee at Madras, for their permission to appoint Mr. Hollond to reside as public minister on the part of the governor general and council at the court of the nizam, for the purpose of negotiating such ma ters as remained to be adjusted with him. They further resolved, that Mr. Hollond should be furnished with credentials for that purpose, and directed to remain at the nizam’s court, until an answer should be received from Fort St. George : and they date, as additional motives for appointing Mr Hoi load their resident, that advantages would arise from his being jointly appointed by both presidencies, and his having had the approbation of the le left committee at Madras.

And it appears to your committee, that Mr. Hollond was accordingly written to, his negotiations being restricted to his original inltruftions; and that the governor general also acquainted the nizam with Mr. Hollond’s new apointment, and communigucd this to Madras,

four

DEBATES. 129

Tour committee further find, that whilrt the governor general and council wen ’ thus employed in restoring the company to the nizam’s friendship, the government of Madras were taking measures for the recall of Mr. Hollond from hisembafiy; for on the 14th December 1779, the recall of that gentleman was moved by Sir Thomas Rumboid the prdident, adding, that the Bt£aa should be informed, that they Arnold be glad to receive any person hem kit court; and it appears, that on the lame day he entered a minute upon that subject, and wrote to tue nizam acquainting him with Mr. Holland ' s iccall, and again, on the 30th December, delivered in another long md elaborate ‘minute, entevingJargely into the Mararte war, and protesting against being answerable for the consequence of obedience to the orders of the governor general and council, but yet submitting to them f rom a sense of the necetfity of preserving harmony between the two boards. From the S December 1779 to the ift April 1780, the records of the preftdency at Madras, could not be furnished to your committee, as they had been loll on board the General Barker, and no duplicates bad been sent by other lh ps; bat the following minute of Mr. Johnson, entered on the 22ft of ivtiy ( from which period some of the records are in England ) is sufficient to shew that lir. Hollond had been suspended from the company’s service, with severe refie6bons upon his whole conduct, and as far as relates t > this particular fejea, will fenre in some degree to supply the defeet in the company ' s records.

- It appears to your committee, that Mr. Johnson declined entering into tie difcuHion of the powers claimed by the supreme council ( which he aircrta twluvebeen the oftenfibie reason for the suspension of Mr. Hollond ) chuling to confine biiqfelf to the arguments contained in a minute left by Sir Thomas RatnboM, and dated on the iftof April preceding, recommending the fuf - palion of that gentleman from the service.

That Mr. Johnson denominates this minute a political testament, by which S Thomas Rumboid allumed the power of directing the proceedings of the committee, even after his resignation.

| Tour committee find, that Mr. Johnson endeavours to refute the late pre -

; fifaft interpretation of that part of Mr. Hollond’s instrudions which directed L hmsta communicate with the supreme couocil, viz. 44 That such communi - enuoo was only to be made of matters relating particularly to Bengalob - fetfing, that the words of the instrudions ordered him to convey every ne - iCtiuy intelligence to them, as well as to us, and to be as early as possible - mbit intelligence to both presidencies; and that in other intlances, where. ifcrcarvefpondent ' c was meant to be limited, it had been so expressed.

Mr. Johnson appears to your committee to have combated another argument, viz. That Mr. Hollond had never been particularly directed to commnocate with Bengal on the subject of the pefcufli, which depended upon iabfcquent instrudions, and therefore could not fall within the scope of his general instrudions to correspond with the supreme council; and also animadverted on some allusions of Sir Thomas KumbolJ, to matters which btfre come to his knowledge, but which he forbears to txprefs Mr. John - ka tsket notice of an epression contained in the late president’s minute, wherein ( after objeding to Mr. Hollond’s correspondence with Bengal, and Ins receiving a fresh appointment from thence, and coniidering it as a great Jwowur ) Sir Thomas Rumboid is stated to have observed that this exceeds Vol. Ill, '. $ all

l

l3o ’ PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

all that went before; to which Mr. Johnson opposes the prior letters of great commendation which had been sent from the president and committee to Mr. Hollond. And it further appears, that Mr. Johnson ascribes all that had happened respecttng the treaty with the nizam, not to Mr. Hollond s having a&iialty amtled the views of the nizam ( as Sir Thomas Rumbeld had af - ferted in his minute ) but to their having attempted a negotiation with a country power without the permission of the supreme council, and conrraiy to the injunction of an act of parliament. Mr. Johnson further appears to have compared the reasons aligned by the late president for the recall of Mr. Hollond, on the 30th December 1779, namely, a compliance with the withes of the supreme council, with those which were given on the tftof April 1780, viz. an unauthorized communication with Bengal, and great breach of trust on the part of Mr. Hollond, in favouring the views of the nizam; am ) observes, that these reasons, if they existed at all, existed in December, but were not then dated.

It also appears, that Mr. Johnson vindicates Mr. Hollond for having obeyed the orders of the supreme council, in remaining at the nizam ' s court, notwithstanding he had received previous letters of recall from Madras; and concludes with speaking of Mr. Hollond as an able and faithful servant, and ( trongly objecting to his suspension from the service of the company; which however took place; but that gentleman has since been reinstated by order of the court of directors.

Your committee have thought it proper to state this minute at length in the appendix, as it is the only document from whence the conduct of Sir Thomas Rumbold and the council can, in any degree, be collected, subse - quest to 30th December 1779, refj > efting their opposition to the inter - ' ference of the supreme council upon this occasion to which interference the court of directors have given their sanction, by the general letter, dated loth January 1781.

Your committee having traced the course of the negotiation with the nizam from its commencement to its conclusion, and having examined the trans - a&ioa with his brother Bazalet Jung, which terminated in a lease of the Guntoor Circar to the nabob Mahomed Ali; then proceeded to examine the conduct of the governor and council of Madras, in letting certain other laods called Jaghire lands, belonging to the company, immediately adjoining to Madras, and which were also let to the nabob of Arcot for three years.

The sentiments of the company on the subject of these lands, appeared to your committee to have been fully communicated to their servants abroad, in their letter of the iath April 177 ( the fame which established the committee of circuit; ) in which the directors order, chat the Jaghire lands should be kept in the company ' s immediate p ffion, and that the nabob should nor rent them, onless he should agree to such arrangements as they deemed necessary so mutual advantage. Yau are to agree with him ( say they ) for renting them for one year only, and that on condition that our committee or circuit are at liberty to explore the country, and to afeertftin the real produce and revenue thereof. "

Your committee thought 4t proper to trace the practice of the company in letting these lands antecedent even to this period o : 1775, and found that those lands were granted by the nabob in Jaghire to the company, at different

A. 1781 DEBATES# r x i

cut times, in the years 1763, 1764, 1765, and in 1768 and 1760 were fur veyed by order of the presidency. —That in the year 1769, the board at Madras represented to the court of directors the impropriety of letting those lands to the nabob on any terms; and as his then present lease was to expire in July 1771, desired to be instructed as to their continuing under the nabob’s management or being let to other renters, or being managed by amuldars; that the directors, in answer to this letter ( on the 20th April 1771 ) expressed rhemselves as averse to leilening the nabob’s importance, or iocrtating his jealonfies by not letting to him the Enaum lands ( or certain lands which had been elyraofinary ) and that the objections to his renting the Jaghire lands might be removed by Jetting them for one year only; and directed the board at Madras to make out a lease for that term, and to reprc - ieot to the nabob, that in this indance they have podponed their own inte - itft to his desire. And your committee find, that before this letter from the court of directors could have arrived at Madras, that presidency had again written to the court of directors, repeating their objections to the nabob’s renting the Jaghire lands; and that in the course of the year 1772 and 1773, the presidency in their several letters continued the like representations, but complied with the directions received from home on the 10th April 1771, as above dated, and with similar directions of the 25th March 1772; and it appeared that the grounds of these several representations were, that the inhabitants undergo continued opprefiions, and that the lands, though very capable of cultivation, are not improved; that all the weavers live in the Jag - hire lands, and that upon the whole, no benefit is derived from them but the mere rent.

And your committee find, that on the 25th of January 1773, the directors were informed, by letters from Madras, that the Enaum lands had been let to the nabob for one year longer, from the id August 17 73, and that all possible weafures had been taken to prevent injustice and oppression; and tUb on the 21ft September 1776, another letter informed them, that another, annual lease had been granted of the Jaghire lands, such had been the mode of leafing, as it appeared to your committee, antecedent to the 12th of April 177y, when the fame course was directed to be continued by the orders of that date.

And your committee find, that their orders were attended to in Mr. White - hill ' s fird government; for on the 5th February 1778 the directors are in formed, that the Jaghire lands had been continued to the nabob for ( he then current year, upon the fame terms as formerly; and were also informed, that the conditions required by the court, and other fiipulations ( conducive to the improvement of the lands ) had been attended to; and it appears that the directions of the court were requested, as to the taking the Jaghire lands into their own possession, the instructions of the 12th of April Dting fuf - fidcntly explicit to authorize that measure.

On the 20th July 1778, your committee find, that Sir Thongs Rumbold, the president, entered a minute relative to the nabob, which your committee have thought proper to flat ? at length in the appendix, in order that the opinion which prevaiied in the council with respeCfc to his highness on the aoth July 1778, may be compared with their conduct on the 2d October jbUowing; at which time a lease of the Jaghire lauds was proposed by the

S 2 president

ija PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

president to be given to the nabob for the term of three years, notwithstanding the positive orders of the company that they should not be let for more than one year, as appeared to your committee from the documents above dated; and notwithstanding the practice of the company bad always corre - fponded with those orders, and the propriety of letting them to the nabob on any terms had been questioned by the company’s servants during the course of several years.

Your committee found, That in this minute Sir Thomas Rumbold, the president, represents the nabob as owing very large balances ro the company, which noarguments, or fcnfe of the common danger in case of a war, can prevail upon him to pay, even in part, though he has large sums hoarded up BtChepank, and has granted tunkas or securities, on very valuable countries which will not bear inspection; adding, that this complaint against his highness is not the complaint of a dav, but that the records are tilled with distresses anting from the trifling and dilatory conduit of the nabob whenever money has been demanded of him; and that his love of money has increased with his advanced years t

And your committee further find. That with respect to the Jaghire lands, the president observe ?, that if his highoeI a would but consent to pay his just debt to the company, and what is due from him on account of the Jaghire lands, which ought to be a constant and never - failing resource to the company, the settlement might support irfelf for some time.

That the nabob mult be roused by determined and spirited measures, his debt at that time being very heavy, vie.

Balance of old debt and account of current charges 754 981. 31. 29.

Balance on account of the company’s Jaghire 147. 170. 25. 70.

Pagodas 900. 052. 25. 70.

That betides this sum, many other articles might be justly charged, that his debt was encrcating at the rate of 40, 000 pagodas a month, betides a lack of pagodas, which would be due for thejaghire lands in September following j and that tunkas ought to be obtained from the nabob tofecure those debts.

Your committee also find. That on this occasion the president observed, that the {aghire lands, a valuable possession of the company, were mod shame - fully neglected and oppressed, not by the nabob, for he might be ignorant of it, but by his collectors; which your committee found to Wave been much complained of from the year 1769 down to this period.

The president then appears to have proposed, That advertisements should be published for letting these lands; but that the nabob should be made acquainted with that measure; and that the fyfiem of letting from year to year, which the president terms a destructive one, should by all means be avoided, and proposals received for three or five years leases, which might recover thatdiftrift from its present ruinous situation; and that it was also necessary to appoint a receiver of the rents till an agreement should be concluded : and your committee find, that a letter was ordered to be written to the nabob accordingly.

And your committee find, That on the 28th August 1778, five weeks after the date of this minute, the president reported the nabob’s desire that the Jaghire lands might be continued to him on the usual terms, and that he offered

A. 178 n ‘ DEBATES. 133

fered to enter into any articles that might be judged necessary for the improvement of ihem; and that on the 4th of September he further reported, that he had endeavoured to converse with the nabob upon the subject, but had found his conversation unsatisfactory; and that he had reason to believe that the nabob was actually treating with individuals for mortgaging the revenues of the Jaghire lands before he is afTured of renting them; whereupon it was relblved, that they should be advertised to be let for one, three, five or ten years; and on the nth of September, the nabob requeued generally that he might have a lease of these lands for five years, engaging to keep the tanks in repair; but that the confederation of this proposition was deferred till the time within which the proposals were to be received should have expired, the president having proposed that they should be leased to the nabob for three years.

And your committee find. That on the 23d September, proposals from three persons were delivered ini pursuant to the adverdfement, for a ten years lease, which were as follows:

Antonio de Sou fa 370, 000 Ps. to increase in the five last years to 390, 000

Kidnajee Punda 313, 000 to 320, 000

Vankatta Chattam 320, 000 to 390, 000

And that these proposals were ordered to be sent round for the confident - lion of the members of council.

Your committee further find, That on the 2d dayof October 1778, the president entered a minute upon the records, representing, that the advertise - roents for letting the Jaghire lands were meant rather to be a means of ascertaining the value of those lands, than of letting them to the highed bidder, which, be informed the board, was, in his opinion, an improper mode to be observed; that this valuable acquisition ought only to be let to a tenant who could furnish indifputablesecurity; thst the nabob, who had for several years rented them, was said to have attended sufficiently to the necessary repairs of the tanks, &c &c. though the inhabitants were oppressed by the collectors, which he imputed to want of attention in the government, to fee those terms observed for which they had dipulated.

That the nabob is apprehensive, that his honour would be injured by the advertisements, of which the president dill however approves, as shewing that the fele& committee had been actuated by no other views than what ( heir duty required—That the nabob paid a larger rent than he had coile&ed, and had fobmicted to this from the credit he derived from his lease, and the fupjfiy which it afforded to his family and attendants; and that without the occupation of the Jaghire lands, he would be obliged to remove to Arcot, which would be of great prejudice to the company, though l ' ome inconveniences arise from his residence at Madras. —That his residence at Madras iiiits his inclinations, which at his time of life it would be cruel to thwart— That the company have always seemed cautious not todiftrefs him, and have never given orders to deprive him of the Jaghirfc; and that the mode of letting, from year to year, is a mod dcdru&ive system, as it has always kept the n bob in a date of uncertainty, and made him backward in making repairs, and prevented his being indemnified for the loss he fudains, by paying more than be receives.

i34 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

/And your committee find. That the president, after ( biting that be had ts ken pains to find put what the country had yielded to the nabob ( which he Hated at 330, 000 pagodas ) proposed that. be should have a lease fot three years inhead of five, which he had requestcdt observing, that this would give the company time to obtain the information necessary for their future guidance in this matter; and that being engaged in a war with France, an annual lease would be impolitic, because so considerable a part of the revenue ought not to be left to the chance of falling in any other hands than the nabob ’ s, in case of troubles arising—That the company in their last disparche had expressed great friend ship for the nabob, and had directed them to conciliate his mind by every means; and that in this present juncture, it would be highly impolitic to four him. That Mr. De Souza’s proposal is the only one made for renting the whole, and being for a ten years lease cannot be accepted, and appears to be with a view to speculate.

Your committee observe upon this last passage of the prdident’s minute. That three persons appear to have given in proposals as abovementioned, and that the objection made to the proposals as being for ten years, is furnished by the advertisement itself, which invited proportions for one, three, five, or ten years.

Y our committee further find, That the president concluded his minute by proposing that the nabob should have the lease granted him for the term of three years, at the rent of 324, 000 pagodas, stipulating for conditions calculated to protect the inferior people, and make the payments regular and certain.

And your committee also find, That on the 5th of October 1778, the president moved that the minute abovemtntioned should be taken into coo - uderation; which was accordingly done. And it appears to your committee, that the council concurred unanimously with their president, chiefly upon the grounds of this being a measure which would conciliate the mind of the nabob, and would best accord with the company ’ ? wishes respecting that prince expressed in their letters.

Your committee also find, That on the t7th of October, a letter. was written to the nabob, acquainting him with the board’s having ' granted him a lease on the conditions above mentioned; of which he accepted by letter, dated the 5th of December 1778.

And it appears to your committee. That the court of directors ( having been informed of this transo&ion, by a revenue letter from Madras, dated the 17th of October 1778 ) in their answer on the 16th of June 1779, make the following observations upon it; they deem the letting the Jaghire land to the nabob for more than one year improper, referring to the letter of the 12th of April 1775 a ° d fry, " We arc very sorry you have thought fit to depart from that order, and though the nabob was alarmed at the adverrife -.. roent, yet we have no doubt he might have been satisfied with a lease for one year, as usual. " They then observe, that as he had lately shewn great aeal and attachment, they acquiesced in the present agreement, but that no future lease shall be given for more than one year.

Your committee find. That by a general letter from Madras of the 4th of April 1780, the directors were informed, that the nabob had addressed a letter to the presidency, desiring permission to rent the company ' s Jaghire for 1 the

h 17&t. DEBATES. 135.

the term of twenty years; which it war thought necessary to refer to the eoofideratioa of the court; and that on the 31st of May 1781, the directors desired, in their general letter, that his highness might be informed of their good intention towards him, and that they would take an early opportunity of explaining themselves to him on that subject.

And your committee find, That with respect to the several other matters, which hare been herein above dated, namely, the transaAion with Sitteram Rtuze during Mr. Whitehill’s first government, and the transadions with Sitteram and his brother Vizeram Rauze in Sir Thomas Rurobold’s govern ment, the abolition of the committee of circnit, the calling down of the aemindars to Madras, the manner of the president’s negotiating with them in person, the implicit credit given by the council to his reports, the inadequate rents reserved, the non - payment of balances, the want of dipulationa 00 behalf of the uoder tenants, and the acceptance of Sitteram Rauze the father as surety for his son when adopted by his uncle the rajah; the reftor - ing of the fort of Yizianagrum, the whole transaction with Bazalet Jung, and the ten years lease to the nabob, which followed upon it, and the negotiation with the nizam of the decan, are highly disapproved of, and feverdy censured, by the court of directors, iu their general letter of the xoth of January 1781; and that by this letter they tmmifs from their service Sir Thomas Rombold, Baronet, president of their council, and governor of Fort St. George, and John Whirehill and Peter Perring, esqrs. members of their council; and express their strongest displeafute at General Munro, for his concurrence in abolishing the committee of circuit, and the countenance riven by him to measures which they deem very improper, relative to the letting of the distri&s; but as they cannot suppose that he was influenced by. cortupt motives, as his military conduct had been highly meritorious, and as those subjects were foreign to his profession, they proceed no further than to exprefe their disapprobarion.

March 27.

The ( heriffs of Coventry were brought to die bar, reprimanded, and discharged.

March 28.

No public business.

March 29.

No public business *

March 3a.

Adjourned as there were not 100 members present to proceed to a ballot on an election committee.

March 31.

Adjourned for the same reason.

Jfril

■ A ’ 1781

136

Lord Md~ bo *.

PARLIAMENTARY

' Jpril 2.

Lord Mahon called the attention of the House to the con - fide ration of a petition which he had in his hand to bring of from the manufacturers, dealers, and venders of articles in gold. The noble Lord stated the purport of the petition to be to reduce the high and extravagant standard required by the statute of Edward the First, for every article of gold manufactured and made in this country. The standard required that there should be twenty - two carrats of pure gold, and only two carrats of alloy. By this means the trade suffered an injury of no less than forty per cent, in a competition with the manufactures of foreign countries, where the standard was less. In Geneva the standard was twenty carrats of gold, and four carrats of alloy. In France it was twenty - one and three carrats of alloy. By this means great superiority was ascertained over the English market, not only on account of the expence being, as he had stated forty per cent. in their favour, but also that their standard was in fa ft more applicable to many or most of the articles, in admitting of a higher polish, and being much more durable than o\m.

It gave an hardness and elasticity to the gold which ours wanted, and it was in many respects to be preferred, three ounces and an half of their gold went as far as four and an half of our standard gold, and a snuff - box made with the Geneva standard would be more durable, more polished, and more elegant than one made with our gold. The little city of Geneva, by this advantage, was enabled to make more watches in one year, than the two cities of London and Paris did both together. In converting one day with a tradesman in I Geneva on the subject, he observed, that the disadvantage ' which the English manufacturers laboured under was, that there was too much yellow lead in their articles. His Lord - ship could not conceive what He meant by yellow lead; he had never heard of such a thing, but he was given to under - stand, that yellow lead tignified gold; and in fact it ieems, - that without the alloy, the gold is little better than lead for the purposes of manufacture. The noble Lord observed, that it was surely the business of the legislature, at a time like the present, to give every encouragement and assistance that they could to the manufactures of this country, as it was even on the restoration of peace, from the increase and flourishing condition of manufacture, that we were to look for national lalvation. —r - This manufacture was not in the predicament of most others. It was not in a state of rival -

ft

' 31

A i7& DEBATES *

ship and competition with ( ome others in this country; but it was in competition with all the world. The noble Lord mentioned several cases, in which the lowness of the dan - [ dard would be of singular advantage, and some in which it

f would be right to preserv the present dandard. It was therefore the prayer of the petition to preserve the present standard, and also to have two others appointed, the Geneva 2nd the French dandards. He truded the goldsmiths ’ com paoy would not oppose the petition; if they did, he must lay they were the mod absurd set of men in the world; for by the increase of this manufacture, which would naturally cnfuc from this alteration, their profits on marking the articles would also encrease in proportion.

Mr. S. Smithsaid, he should certainly oppose the bill in Mr. S,

I every stage. He was not yet prepared to give the House " 1 the necessary information on the matter; but when he had received the advice of the goldsmith’s company, he would oppose it. It was his firm opinion, that the alteration would be productive of strange inconveniencies in regard to coins, medals, and other articles of the trade.

Lord Mahon said, it would in no instance affect coins and Lore Ms medals, as a provision would be made to prevent any incon - 0 vcnicncc of that fort.

The petition was now read, and referred to a committee *

! Mr. Duncombe now rose, in the absence of Sir George Sa - Mr. Don vile, to bring up the petition from the delegates of the several associated counties. He lamented that the petition should suffer by the absence of the honourable baronet, who [ would have given so much respect and energy to the humble and legal re < juifition of the condiment body of the people; i but at the lame time he rejoiced in the public opportunity which he had of declaring his approbation of the principle and the tendency of that petition, which spoke the senti - ments, and expressed the wishes of lb many thousands of his, own condiments. He declared at the same time that the prayer of the petition was altogether confident with his own wirnes and principles. —He thought the reform which was solicited by the people not only proper, but al folutely necessary to the welfare and exidence of our conditution. He read the tide of the petition; it did not date the subscribers to be the delegates of associations, but to be freeholders of different counties, He moved for leave to bring it up.

Mr. Coke pro/efled himself to be, as formerly, the firm Mr. C A.. friend of those conditutional petitions which had come in the Vol. HI, T last

1 ) 3 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

last leflion from the counWes. Hfe had himself flatted one of them, and he highly approved of their principle, and objeCfc But things bad fprohg out Of thofb petitions of Which he dtfl hot approve, becaofe he conceived. thrill to be at once dangerous and unconftitutiortal; - those were the associations

2nd the congress of delegates. If the present petition wa therefore from the delegates, he should certainly oppost it He could admit Of no such characters in a legal and cohftt - tutional point of View, and he delired to see the fenf6 of tft6 HOufe fully expressed On the occasion, as it was more ittaitly to oppose it in the first inltance, than to suffer it to lie ori the table, and establish a precedent of a dartgeroub tendency He spoke so freely, because he knew all the gentlemen Who were the delegates from the different counties, and knew them to be men of the moll respectable charaSer, and froth whom, personally, ho injury to the constittiticfn could be apprehended. But the establrshment of such a body, and thO recognizing of them by the acceptance of theif petition, Kd looked upon as exceedingly improper; and for that reason he commended the city of London for having excluded them from the chambers of the city. He had thought it nCcCfRiry to fey lb much, in order that the House might kntow his opinion on the subject; and that if the petition pYofelfed it - fess to be from the delegates, the feMe of the House might be declared at once.

Mr. Powys Mr. Pmys salt !, that he had particularly Attended to thO title of the petition, to Idarti Whether or hot it was exp re fled to be from the delegates. He fa id, if it had beeh so, he should, like the honourable gentleman, have opposed the motion for bringing it up, because he did rtot khbw, by the cortf ! it ? tftiorL any such characters as delegates, but It w$s hot from the, delegates, ' fhc petition was frOth gentlemen stated to be the freeholders of counties, and as such the House could not, in his opinion, reject it.

Mr. Du Mr. Dunning fai ' d, there could be no4 oeftion now, rior "& no debate about the propriety or impropriety of accepting a petition from men represented to be delegates, because no such petition was offered to the House at this time. When it was, he should be ready to defend the propriety of fudh a petition, because he conceived there was nothing either illegal or unconstitutional in the character Of in the name of a delegate. He wished tb provoke no debate ort this day; it was merely intended to move for the petition to lie on th table, in order that it should be taken Into ttofttykrkrioa OH

414 ttfu -

39

A. i78 |. P 3 S A T E S,

a future day. It bad been his wtfh and design to have proposed to refer it to a committee; and he conceived it was a topic well worth the mod feripus confederation of the House. But he found that that proportion would have been diiputed, and therefore he wished to give gentlemen Leilure to read the petition, and to consider it, before be should make the motion; and he bad reason to believe that when they read it, and saw the names by Which it was signed, the objLe{U. to which it went, and the purpose which it aimed to accompli Hi—they. ffuqld not th n think it proper to refuse the jnotion of referring it to a committee. Such a refusal would in fa& he to say, that there was nothing in the petition deserving the consideration of the House. This he believed they would pot venture to say. The petition was almost the lame in every respect as that which had been presented last year, on which the House had come ta the resolutions of April 6, and which resolutions he would conceive nothing but the diil ' o - lotion of Parliament had prevented them from carrying into effect. '

Mr. Foq said, he did not rife to provoke a debate by say - Mr. r *. ip any thing on the subject of the petition to be presented tofhe House; hut he could not lit ftijl - and hear it allerted, that it was an illegal or unconftitulional thing to appoint deletes, or that fhole delegates should petition Parliament *

He ponfidered it, on the contrary, not only as a legal, but in t e present circumstances and situation of their country as a laudable measure, by what law, or what acte was it declared to be uncopftitutional for the people of this country to appoint delegates to reside in the metropolis, and to watch the conduct of their representatives t And by what law or whtt act was it declared to be unconditional for their de - 1, legates so appointed, to apply to Parliament by a loyal, dabtniffive petition ? Did they lose the privilege of the freeholder when t y afTumed the title of the delegate ? or did it in any degree change the nature or diminish the confc - auence of the persons when they adopted that character

Sorely not; such a petition would be perfectly conditional. He found no law nor act to prevent it; but hq found it from every consideration to be not only a legal but a laudable measure—and if that petition had been declared to be the petition of the delegates he should have beep ready to havo figoed it in his delegated capacity, and to have defended it in that House as a faithful representative of the people. It had pot bqen fighqd in that manner, because it might have

T 2 _ been

( ^.

4

PARLIAMENTARY

A, 1781.

been disagreeable to feme gentlemen who were otherway $ friendly to the objects of the petition.

Ur. CM#. Mr. Coke said a few words m reply, in which he observed, that he knew, and would admit of no delegates but those which he saw in that House. Yorkshire had two very good delegates, and if they were wife would wish for no more.

The petition was now brought up, read, and ordered to lie on the table.

Jftril 3.

An inquiry was instituted into the cause of an ' apparent delay in the delivery of the writ for the election of a burgess, to serve in Parliament for the borough of Honiton. — Mr. Smith, deputy to Mr. Harmood, messenger to the clerk of the crown, was examined, after which the inquiry was adjourned till after the holidays.

Jpril 4.

No public business.

Jpril 5.

Ifr. WtUtx. Mr. Wilkes rofc to make his annual motion, agreeable to the intimation which he had given. He said, he did not rife to enter into any particular enumeration of the arguments which had from time to time been advanced on thi subject; they were not unknown to the House, although this was the first session of a new Parliament. He should always think it his duty to bring on the question, both from the regard which he entertained for the violated privileges of the constituent body of the Commons House of Parliament, and in particular, for those jof his own constituents, the freeholders of Middlesex; and he traded, the House, in the recoiled ion of the trust which had been so recently reposed in their hands by the people, would think ' themselves bound by their duty and gratitude to shew their abhorrence of that resolution which contained so daring an infringement on their rights and franchises. He had not one new idea to offer on the subject. He believed the House were in poiTefhon of every thing which was necessary to their conviction. He particularly adverted to the condu£fc of the present speaker on this queuion in the last Parliament, and paid him high compliments for the manly and independent part which he had taken in reprobating the resolution of the House, and he doubted not, but he would now have the satisfaction of declaring, that the House agreed to the expunging of that resolution unanimously. ( The House pould not restrain from a loud laugh at this expression ) and

he

A. 1781. DEBATE S. 141

he observed, at he knew what sincere pleasure he mud feel by declaring that circumstance, he would not detain him from the eoj < mnentf by entering into any argument on the

occasion. He therefore desired, that the journals of the 17th of February 1769, containing tlfe resolution of ex pul - fion, might be read by the clerk at the table. And this being done, he begged leave to move,

‘ That the resolution of the House of the 17th of February 1769, tc That John Wilkes, Esq; having been in thii lession of Parliament expelled this House, was, and is incapable of being elected a member to serve in this present Parliament, be expunged from the journals of this House, as > bring subversive of the rights of the whole body of electors of this kingdom/9

Mr. tlyng rofc and said, that in the particular situation in Mr.

which he duod he considered it as his immediate duty to feqood the motion of his honourable colleague. The expul - fioo had been an attack of the moil daring nature on the rights of the county of Middlesex, immediately, as it was on those of all the constituent body of England in its tendency and principle. It was a resolution which had given nniverfal alarm and didatisfaction; and he declared, that ont of that House he did not meet with a person who pretended to approve of it. He sincerely hoped they would then assert their honour as men, and act up to the sentiments which they possessed.

Mr. Charles Turner represended the spirit of levity which Mr. Ch rl# prevailed in that House, to the extinction of all grave and becoming demeanour. The resolution complained of, was no subject of merriment. It had in fa& been one of the great crofcs which had separated this country from America. It badjpven the colonies just reason to didrud the Parliament of Great Britain. After such a resolution they could no longer consider them as the condiments of the people, but the packed adherents of a profligate minidry. Was not the fofpicion but too well founded ? Of what was that House composed ? One half of them were seated by Peers. There were a few popular boroughs, where the heavied purse gained the conqued, and they were devoted, in a shameful degree, to the treasury bench. They were no more to be considered as the representatives of the people. He called upon them, with the mod anxious concern, to refeue themselves from the imputation of such servitude and vadalage, and in doing

this

I

m PAR > I M. EUT~A Y. A V *.

thie would mow; effectpally Invite the meriffuw to f return of their confidence, tfian by any otjbcrt; step yahn\pv$fr toriSmry Lord Surrey warmly ( reconapaended the xpotion, and declared that it tyas pot only the sense of the epunty of Middlesex, but alfq of the wfiole country, that thatrcCbhition highly subversive of thpjr rights and privileges. The House might easily remember what general difsatisfaction was giyep by that rofotutioa. It noj only inspired thcfufpicion, that that House was devoted to the minister, but also that the rer solution was the a St of resentment a ainil an individual for having with his pen explained to die people the dangerous apd alarming tendency of the system then forming for the Overthrow of the empire. This was the general opinion, and / it heightened the difsatisfaction, because it was the fentimptyt of every man who had any regard for the canftitution of this - epuptry, and wish to see that gentleman daily employing his. pen in detecting and exposing the errors and the vices of the present admipinratiop.

On a divjfipn the pumbers weye : Ayes 61, Noes 116.

In a committee, went through the bi l for laying an addi *

tional duty on paper, with amendments.

April 6.

VnWmh. Lord North ) in pursuance of his notice given ibme days ago, moved for leave to bring in a bill for the better managing and coliefling the ta t upon servants. His lorctship stated to the House, that a great deficiency had arisen in the produce of this tax, for instead of ioo, oooo1. at which it had been computed, not more than half that sum had been thp annual collection : yet at the time when he first proposed to tax feryants at a guinea a man, hp was thought to have c ? L culatfd top lour, in estimating the amount at only ioo, ooooh per annum Such a disappoiptment, he was persuaded could not have resulted, but from great defect in the cplleq - ? - tiop and, indeed, it was universally allowed, that the present mode of levying this tax was very imperfect. He therefore should submit to the House, that it would be a great improvement to take the collection from the parochial affcf - fors, and give it to the officers of excile, which was the object of the bill pow moved for. It was obvious how many advantages would result from this alteration, and how much more likely the tax would be thereby to enfuve the defigix of Parliament; for the present collectors, in the first place were not under the controul and diferefion of the board of taxes j but the officers of excise were strictly amenable to their commissioners.

A. 1781. DEBATES.

missioners. The former had only two or three collectors of window lights, for the purpose of iofpection, thrdugh an ex - fenfive district; bttt the litter were numerous in every city and town throughout the kingdom. The excisemen, too, lad constant opportunities of observing the object of this tax, and checking any knposition, while employed in their com - ifcon avocation !. for these reasons, it was extremely probable that the revenue Would be greatly improved by the alteration he recommended, and he saw no objection that could arise to if, except gentlemen were disposed to take alarm at the very, name of an exciseman : but he must beg leave to Obviate any reasonable apprehension on that ground, by in forming them, that no introduction of the excise laws Whatever was intended. The officer would have no authority by this bill to enter the house, or make any researches whim the present assessors were not empowered to use : in short, uis intention was to liter the collectors, and nothing else. — As this tax had not been productive, it surely was incumbent oa Parliament to make it so, if possible, and those who had already been fully assessed, would have much reason to be, dissatisfied if the lum was increased, becaufip the collection had been unequal : it was therefore right to try this experiment in the first place, and if it fhopld not answer hit expectation, it would then be early enough to thinkof making any addition to the tax.

Gentlemen might, perhaps, think that in order to spare the ( inking fund, by making the tax productive, he ought to impose some new burden, by doubling, of at lead increasing, in feme degree, the present tax; but though this might hereafter be found necessary, yet he held it to be more than justice, to those who had fairly paid the tax, to contrive means ., and try every expedient to makethofe pay, who had, hitherto evaded the payment of die tax; and until he should have tried those expedients, he thought he could not without fljustice, raise an additional servanta ’ tax, Upon those who hxd already hohcftly and fairly paid the old one.

He had another alteration to introduce by this bill, which. Iras to make the assessment on the present year, and not on the preceding one, as under the former mode of Collection; for as the case now flood, there was always one year’s taxe in Irrears, and would, necefifarily be so at the day of judg - flaent, if ' the fax should continue.. fb fpng. He intended ttoefore lh t the excise officers should begin their ro\£gCt£Qn t ) n this ' a ' latfgh was raised "from the idea " that

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

that it was proposed to make a double collc&ion for the current year; but his Lorship explained his idea to be, that the assessment for 1780 should be laid aside, and a new one take place for this year only.

Sir Ed - Sir Edward Jftley said a few words, not in opposition to the noble Lord’s motion, which he entirely approved of but for the purpote of suggesting, that a duty on cyder, which Was in contemplation some years ago, ana laid aside, from a reluctance to admit excisemen into private houses, was nc - vertheless a very proper, and would Hill, if adopted, become a very productive tax.

Mr. r. Mr. T. Town/hcnddiffered from his honourable friend in Trw jbt d. this opinion; for however eligible a tax on cyder might be in Other respects, its produce could never compensate for the odious introduction of excise officers into private families. With respect to the present motion, he entirely acquieiced in it, and was glad to see the noble Lord proposing to encrease the revenue without imposing an additional tax. This was opposite to the general tenor of his conduct, for he had commonly observed, every nominal improvement had turned out in fa « to be a new burthen on the people.

Thero was something, however, which dropped from the noble Lord, at which he could not help confessing his dilap - probation; his Lordship had talked of this alteration as an experiment, on the failure of which the tax was to be encreased; but he hoped nothing of that kind was in contemplation : for though one guinea a servant might be moderate and equitable, two guineas would be an intolerable burthen. Ut. Bsktr. - Mr. Baker begged of the noble Lord to explain, whether the additional five per cent. on excise duties, imposed this year, would be added to the servants ’ tax by the bill now proposed

Lord North replied, that the five. being imposed

only on those duties collected by the commissioners of excise, before the act by which that addition was made, could not affect a branch of taxation, which should be afterwards given to their management. He then said a few words in answer to Sir Edward Aftley. After which the question was put and leave given without opposition.

His Lorship then rose again and said he had a proportion to make in the committee of ways and means relative to the duties on almanacks, but it would be necessary first to move it in the House, that it might go in the form of an instruc - tioa to the committee. By me laws now in being, thefo

duties

4, 1 ? *. ' Debates,

dories were divided into two branches. those on sheet, ancf ihok oq book almanacks; and the latter were double the amount of the former, the one being charged only with duty of two - penpe, while the Other paid four - pence each. The idea of the iegiflature in making this difference was, that book almanacks being more valuable, could afford to pay a higher duty than the other species; but a door had here been opened to evafionind fraud against the revenue, for the fhcet were now printed of so large a paper, ami made to fold in such a manner as to answer all the pUrpofcS of book almanacks though they paid but half the duty; This practice had been complained of by the bookselless, and wai plainly injurious to the public. This appeared by a comparison of Ac duties paid on sheet and book almanacks in twb years. In one year 3. 16, 515 {heet almanacks, and 261, 000 book almanacks—but in the next year the contrivance of printing sheet almanacks had so far succeeded, that book almanacks had in the vtrj next year fallen 32, 060 of the above number. He should therefore propose to provide a remedy against it, by railing the duty on {heet almanacks to the fame amount as the other; by which the encrease of duty Would be. about 2; 6ooi. a year, on the nearest computation it was possible to make. But his plan went further than this, and he thought it would be best to open it now fully to the House, though it would be foreign to the question of to - day; The right of printing almanacks was for a long tithe monopolized by the stationers company, and the two universities, till the latter gave up their privilege to the flatiotiers, on condttion of receiving a yearly compenfarioii irt money; which was settled at cOQ guineas a year for Cambridge, and 550I. for Oxford; tnefe annuities were employed by the universities for very noble purposes, and highly beneficial to the public, for they defrayed the expence of printing many valuable works, which would otherwise have been 1 oft in ob - jmf. But after this agreement had long subsisted, and WmMopoijr which gave rife to it had been exercised with - out dispute for more than two hundred years, it was questr - oned, and after much litigation defeatea, by the assiduity of Mr. Caman, a printer, who supportjed the right of printing : k$ fipr hirofeff and the public at large, and obtained fcrij in the Court of Common Pleas feme years ago rShe stationers and the universities, by which their Was declared illegal. He meant in no degree tO crafure on the conouft of Mr. Carnan, His exeN lit U tiona

i

146

Sir Ed

•watdJJUey

Mr. S -

ken.

Mr. Byng -

The S for General *

P A It L tA M E "N ARY X. J7#t.

tions had done him ctedit. In confluence of this, his Lord ship continued, a bill had been brought into Parliament for making that legal, which by the laws then in being was pronounced to be otherwise; and the great injury which would redound to the universities, was the principal ground on which the House was requested to renew the monopoly. — He himself was a friend to that bill, but had the misfortune to find himself in a minority, the House being of opinion - that they Ought not to authorize monopolies in any cafo; ' and feeling beside the great detriment which would redound to Mr. Caman, by destroying the effect of all his expences, and publio - spirited industry. However, it was suggested on that occasion, and understood to be the sense of the House, that feme means should be found to compensate the univen - fities for the loss of their annual ' incomes. —Having Hated these particulars, his Lordship said that he thought no provi - fion could be made with so much propriety for reimbursing. the two uni verities from any other fund, as from that if - crease of revenue which was now in - contemplation, by i&i - sing the duty, oh almanacks; : and heihould therefore propose, in the committee of Supply on Monday next, to charge the produce of this new. tax with cool, a year for the univerhty, of Oxford, and the fame sum for that of Cambridge.

. Sir Em Afiley fuggeffed a fear, that a charge might be made by this spirit of liberality, which the whole amount of the duties might not be sufficient to answer, as great numbers of t aJmanacks. might now be on hand.

Mr. Strahunrole to inform the honourable gentleman, that

an almanack only serves for one year, and there was no rea -. son to apprehend that the additional duty would injure tEye trade; and Lord North satisfied him, that no other fond would be charged with the propofid annuities, should this not prove responsible.

. Mr. Byng declared he would give his ©pposition to the no -

ble Lord in this mark of his private and local generosity, for. he thought the country was not in a {ituation to afford it.

. It was a job, and of the fame nature with those favours which the noble Lord so profusely bellowed, at the public expence,

. in order to {lengthen his own interest. He also profeitod his disapprobation of the proposed duty.

The Solicitor General felt himself called upon in gratitueje

to the learned body who had conferred upon him the distih -, guished honour or making him their representative, to foj > ~, port the noble Lord’s proportion; but had he no peculiar r motive tQ actuate him on, this occasion, ( till, as a public

man,

47

A. 1781.

D £ ? A T. E fl.

man, and a member ofthatHouse, he. should heartily ' concur in a naeafure, which he conceived was eficntial - to the honour and interest of the nation The proposed grant could not be deemed a private one;. for nothing could be more eminently a public. interest than the prosperity of the two uni verb ties; finely it was needless tp support that ( truth among so many gentlemen who owed their education. ter those famous ! semi - juries, of which tHeircountiy experience the happy effect.

He then entered into. the subject of the monopoly; and though he admitted. the legality of the Jeciiion by which it was destroyed, contended the universities sustained thereby a coflhderable hardship *

. Mr. John Townshend also pleaded the cause of the universi - Mr. jobn ties with infinite Spirit and acldrefs The honour of the em - pire, he said, was connected with its literary ch a rafter, and 111 a great degree dependent upon it « j. Surely it would never be hud, that the liberality of Parliament towards, the two

noiverfities would ever, be confidel - eji aju. a jo ^, nor ranked among the favors of the minister, distributed fqr thp > purposes of influence and corruption. It was nqt of ten that he couhj have the pleasure of supporting the imeasures of government but when he could do it with the confidence that their m a -

fores were flight, he; would find infinitely,. more satisfyfhon in supportip j than in oppofing them ? This was one of thq few motions in, which he not. only thought the minister was right, but alfe laudable; ana it was certainly among the first dories of thelegiflatune to cultivate the respect and the glory of letters, by $e honourable patronage wnieh they bellowed 09 the two universities. It would be amiierable situation, equally diladvanjtage s and disgraceful to the country, if tljcre Was not a prefsin the kingdom at which a man of ge mus and learning could trull any performance beyond a play ma oovel. 0 '

eTJjord Surrey did not rife tp oppose the motion from Lord - Vr r.

Aifrespect to the two universities ^, for which bodies of mci

"\he greatest veneration. He was very willing that they receive the sum. nrpposed for them by the noble lord v thought it fhp Jd potpe from another fund than a tax oilTarmanacks. Almanack - makers, His Lordship obfesved *

Were a very useful fatpf mcQ. Therefore let the sum to be nifed for the universities be levied on the holders of finccures, ipeneof which have three. thousand a year.

V5ir William Dolben mentioned the particular obligations h$ m Wider to one of the universities/ahd fpokcof the advan -

U a tage

14$ PARLIAMENTARY A. 17ft.

» ge, of the university pteflfes, in which feme works tad come out, and in which tome others, he Understood, would soon come out, that would do honour to the nation.

Mr. tyfff. Mr. Byng said that he conceived it to be too humiliating to thi dignity of the two bniverfities, to solicit a two - penny fit Oil almanacks. The King had a great revenue granted him for one exprest purpose, which was, acbording to Lord Somerset, that of rewarding merit. Let the civil list then supply the thousadd pdurtds to the uhiverfitib. Ten thousand pounds in the nefr loan ifras equal to a thousartd pounds a year; and that, acctittiing to the noble Lord in the blue rib *

• bon, was the ieaft that can be given to a metnbef bf ParUk - ment. It was below the two universities to solicit a futh not greater than that which given to one member of Parliament.

Sir w. VoL Sir W Dolbtn fafid, thkk he was surprised to hear the hdu. gentleman, who was so zealous ad enemy, to the excess bf Influence of the crown contending for increasing it. by yielding to that branch Of the fegiflatbre the honour and advantage of patronizing, and ! gdimpg iti influence ip thfc uni - Yerfittes. y ’

port Nyrtb. Lord North, in answfer tft what had fallen from different speakers, said, that no fivbhi1 whatever had been fhefrri ' ifrthe eollcftion of taxes by government to ibf part Of thb kingdom; and he heartily Wished, that the taxes might be femy and fully colle&ed1 throughout the whole. As to granting the thousand pounds out of the civil list, the king paid already tvery ref ins professor in aH the universities, in noth England and Scotland; and thus the croton had already been a tfttehd patron of the mufefe. With regard to Mr. Byng s argument against the notion, talked from the flnallnest of the funi to be ifeifed by the tax propoftd, he could not deny the truth oftis premises, though he could not draw the lame condufion. At any rate, he hoped ? that if it should be teckohed a good kr - gUmerit against the nOpbfition of a tax, that it was very smalt, it would ibe a good argument, from parity of reafOhing, foe the laying on of a tax that was a heivy one i a kihtl of rtafoto - ifig which he might find it very coflvfetttent 6h many oebafion to adopt.

Hislibrdship ptbeebded to jfcft with Mr. Byng concerning •the fmifftnefsof the flint of A thoOfarid pouridS, Whihft, lie said, he uqderstood the honourable geWdjiah thdughc the little to be giyen to a member of parliament.

A. i 8f. T > E B A f E S I49

Mr. Byftg tejrtieAWSir W. Dolben and lord North.

The motion was then agreed to.

Apr tf : '

The report from the committee of Ways and means re *

Ijpecting the additional doty on sheet almanacks was brought Op by Mr. Ord, and gave Tife to a short conveWation, in which Mr. Byng opposed the tax, because it wai repugnant toMr. the general principle of taxation, according to which, no duty ought to be laid on the nation bof for public good : ill the present case, the tax to be laid was for a private end; and though the sum to be raised by it was inconfideTable, and def - tinedto a use against whichhc had no objection; yet he wa determined to oppose, in the very otitfet, the introduction of a system or mbde of impofinjg taxes, which militated against the established rules and spirit of parliamentary grants. Therd Was still another objection to the tax. The noble Lord whd had moved it was, he beUeved, erroneous in respect to hii Calculations : for though the noble Lord had been pleased to say on Friday last, that the sale of book almanacks had fallen short by 31, 900 of the number fold annually, previous to the difiolution of the monopoly, yet he was of opinion, that the difio ! Otion of the monopoly was by no means the cause of the dTCreafe i and that the sale of sheet almanacks had not ih -

Efed in proportion as that of book almanacks had deer e a fed; he was aiithorised by Mr. a ' rnan, who was supposed to 1 : profited most by the extinction of the monopoly, to say, that bC did not fell more than two thousand sheet almanacks annually, since the monopoly had been overturned.

Sir William Dolben in lifted, in opposition ' to ’ &fr. ' 4Byngj

that the tax was really for public as well aft private purposes : that many learned prod unions, highly beneficial to the public, and to mankind in general, had peen printed and published

{ tthe expeoceof the universities j and the learned bodies ad carried their seal for the propagation of the light lite - fathre and morality so far beyond the line of their revenues, that if they hid not been assisted by private benevolence, they would have found them ( elves in a. very di fig recable predicament indeed. Hence he conceded, that as the tax was for a tourpose ffpm which the public mud ultimately derive advan - sage he Contended, that to carry it into a law was by no means repugnant to the general principle laid down by the House, for it# guide in tax tion.,

Another

Sir mam

L

ri# P ARM AMENTAfc, Y A > i78 |,

A pother, member, whose name wecould not Ifarp, asserting that the public derived advantages frou > the publications of learned works, under the dice&ion of the trniverfities, proved Jiis assertion by this remark; that the price of books was by fhofe means kept lower than it otherwise would be, and that bibles were now cheaper than they had - been fifty years ago, jV.. This assertion produced a loud laugh; by which the House seemed to e ? pref& an opinion that this could be accounted for otherwise, '. that ). by ascribing it to the prefles of the univerli - ties as if piety and devotion were become luke - warm, and that as the demand for bibles was no longer as great as it used. to be, so the price of course might very naturally have fallen. Mr. y * Mr. jf. Yownjhcnd ( aid, that an of munificence from ' Xjwmjbend. parliament to the universities, of enabling them to bring out hew publications, ought not to be coofidered in the light of a private grant 5 it was. undoubtedly of a public : nature, because jt was for the public good. ' The sum Which fte universitie$ were to derive‘from the tax in question Wasr equally moderate and reasonable; and consequently he held it his duty for ward the nieaTiire as far as in him lay. ‘‘

The report was at last agreed to without k dftftiotf.

North The House then resolved Ltfelf into a cOmrfttrtd£ of supply $ in which Lord North moved, for iooool. per, to be dif « j tributed in equal parts between the two universities.

Sir Edward Sir Edward AJUey hoped that the grant now moved for Afib might be. made chargeable on the produce of the additional duty on almanacks, and on that produce alone '; so ' that if the hew tax should not produce the fum‘that the noble Lord eXr fcitl pedted from it, ' the annuity should not be charged upon any u. other fund; but should immediately cease and determing. LordiVor/i. Lord North ' ( M, that. this Was exactly his inteution. Th new tax, how ' ever, was fco be considered as a public regular tion of the revenue, as well a5 a mode of raidhg ' an annuity for the universities; for, hotWithstanding what had been said by an honourable member, the ddcrCafe of sale in the book Almanacks hid been occasioned by pothing else but the evafiori of the duty oh sheet almanacks, which he had explained on Friday; if the new takf fhotfld take away all possibility of ’ evasion, the public would certainly derive advantage from it and no harm, but much good would follow from granting a share in the advantage to the universities.

The motion passed; as elfS a second, by which It was re - foLved, that the above annuity df lO 0\. ' perannum, be charged On the fluid arising from the additional duty on almanacks.

Xhe

I

A. 1781. v D fc B A T E S.

The House was then resumed : and immediately Lord North Lord North. iofe to make a motion relative to the East India Company, it was not his intention, he said, to move any specific proportion before the holidays, qr to ga into a debate on the important business that the regulation of the company ' s affairs would open to the view of Parliament. However, he thopght it would be proper for him to say something this day on the subject that gentlemen might fee upon what grounds it would be necessary to proceed. For this purpose, it would lie requisite for him to go back to the year 1767. In that year an agreement had been made with the company, - by which they were bound to pay to government 460, 0001. per mnnum for two years, in consideration of a further enjoyment t > f the revenue arrifing from the territorial acquisitions in India. This agreement he confessed was faulty, and hard ' wpon the company, for it bound them to pay the stipulated $bm, under every possible situation of affairs; even though ' they should be obliged by war, or any loss flowing from some other cause, to lower their dividends for that purpose. In

1769 another agreement took place, by which the company was bound to pay the annuity of 400, 000k fornix years : but this second agreement was not liable to the objection that might have been made to the former; for the directors of the company were empowered to regulate the payment of this ' annuity by the dividends they should make or rather by the jfhccefs of their commerce, or the Losses they should fultain; f© that the annuity should so far - fluctuate with the company affairs, that if their profits should be under the standard according to which the annuity had been regulated, thfenthfe annuity should be proportionably under 400, 000k a year; scut if the state of affairs should enable the company to make dividend of eight per cent, and still leave a surplus in their ' treaftiry, then the net profits over and above the dividend of eight per cent, and all the expences of the company were to be ' divided; between them and government, at the rate of three firarths to the latter, and the remaining one - fourth to the Jonper. The completion of this agreement, which was to have ' tailed frdm 1769 to 1775, was prevented by the calamity that betel the company in 1772. Gentlemen might remember that the drafts on the company, in that year, were so great, that they cohid by no means satisfy them : in this almost bankrupt Hate; for bankrupt he might call it, when the demands on the company were greater than their resources to satisfy them, it was impossible; for the directors to fulfil their agreement : Parliament at this seasonable moment interfered, and by a friendly indulgence, as well as by certain regulations,

raised

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178V

raised them from the brink of ruin, to that optflent, flourish - jog condition in which d > e company now stands. Parliament granted them a loan of 1, 509, 0901. by which they were enabled to discharge aJLl the claims that were then made upon them : the conditions of this loan were, that until the 1, 500, 0001. should be repaid, the dividends should not exceed 6 per. and that till their bond debts ( hpuld be reduced 1, 500, 0001. ( he dividendf should not be more than j per. but if the fucCefs of theiy affairs should enable them to make a dividend of 9 cent *, after the extinction of the loan debt, and the reduction of thq bond debt to 1, 500, 000 !. then the old agreement was to be resorted to; in consequence of which all the net profits, over and above the dividend and eypences of the company, were to be divided in the proportion already mentioned, of three fourths to government, and one fourth to the company. That sera had ( ince arrived; for the company had since divided 8 ant. but the net profit exceeding that dividend had not been divided with government, who consequently had a demand ' upon the company for whatever sum three fourths of the ne ( profits have produced. '

This was the situation of the company and the public, when offers had been made by the former to government, fipr a renewal of their charter : these offers had not appeared to him sufficiently advantageous to the public, who, in his opi - ' nion, were justl. y entitled to a participation of those profits and advantages, which the company now enjoy through the generous a {finance of Parliament. It was now the business ' of Parliament to interfere, since the company had not thought proper to renew their applications, or make better offers fof the public. It would be for Parliament to pronounce whether it would be proper for the crown to take the territorial revenues and acquisitions into its own hands, or leave them tathe management of a company. It was also for them tj > con fid er if it was proper to throw the trade to India entirely open, or grant the monopoly of it to another company. He did not mean to bring before the House, on this day, the question of property in the territorial acquisitions and revenue : for his own part, it was a fixed maxim, that whatever territorial acquisitions are made by subjects of this state, muff necessarily belong to the public; and consequently he was as clear as he was of any thing whatever, that the territorial possessions in India, are the undoubted right and property, of the crown ? Qjd the people. This was a question which had been disputed by tty ? company, though the grants made to them were founded of that right moss clearly expressed; and the annuities ft i pul a ted to be paid to government, were the price of the suspension, or

waving

a. 17811 t > £ b A t e s.

•ft - aring thit right, for the terms agreed upon in the different agreements made with the company : this had ftirprifeJ him greatly; and nothing could heighten his filrprife, hut to hear that they mould deny the just claim that government had to ari annual participation in the profits exceeding a dividend of 8 per cent.

But it might be said, that the commercial profits atone without the territorial revenues were equal to a dividend of 8 per cent. and consequently, that the company ought to be en -

titled to such a dividend, without being liable to have it lef - fened, to procure greater emoluments to government, on the supposition that the territorial revenues, and not the profits of commerce alone, enabled the company to divide 8 per this objection might be founded on the report of a fele£l committee, by Which it appeared, that on a medium of 47 years, from 17 8 to 1755, before the territorial dequisitions had been made, the company had divided anrlually 8 per. this

ohjedfcion, though seemingly very plausible, was not unanswer - able : the committee who admitted the dividend did not say, that the situation or posture of the company’s affairs during the forty - seven years alluded to justified so large a dividend; and the consequence that attended it manifestly proved that it was highly unjustifiable : for when government reduced, the interests on the debt it owed to the company one - half per cent. the directors reduced this dividend from eight to fix

per cent, which clearly proves that the debts accumulated iii consequence of former large dividends were very great indeed : and yet no sooner had the company acquired their territorial possessions, and been enabled, by the loan of 1, 500, 000 !. ' to avail themselves of the benefits that in time they knew they must derive from them, that they not only repaid the 1, 500, 000 !. and reduced their bond dent to 1. 50, 000 !. bur. also raised their dividends from fix, to which they had fallen, to 8 per cint, hence it was clear, that the mere trade of India could never enable the company, without the territorial acqui lit ions, to make a dividend of 8 per cent.

His Lordship further obfeived, that though he did not then intend to state any specific proportion relative to the sature management of the company’s affairs, ftlll he held it to be his duty to state to the House some points, that would be very proper for them to consider, before they should pro ceed to vote any question. First, the propriety of making the company account with the public for the three fourths Cf all the net profits above eight per. Next the propriety of granting a renewal of the charter for an exclusive trade Vo l. if X for

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

for a short, rather than a long term. Thirdly, of giving greater degree of power than had hitherto been enjoyed, to the governor of Bengal; and that he might be in future something more than the other members of the counsel, a mere primus inter pares. For his part, he was an enemy to absolute power;

but it the genius and habits and religious prejudices of India Were inconsistent with a free government, then necessity would justify Parliament with a degree of absolute power, to be exercised by him with moderation and discretion. Fourthly, he would suggest the propriety of establishing a tribunal at home here, for judging of Lidia affairs only, and punish - fog those servants of the company who should be convicted 01 having abused their power. If gentlemen should object to this tribunal, that it would be wrong to have a man tried in a manner different from that in which the rest of his fellow - iubjects were tried, he would in reply to this objection observe, that there was no compulsion for any mao to go out to India; the a£jt was voluntary, and consequently an implicit submission to the authority and competency of such a tribunal inuft necessarily be implied from the very act of going out and a person who mould be liable to be tried by such a tribunal, would have no more cause to complain, than an officer who is tried by a court - martial - a court, which has

jurisdiction only over military men, except in cases when martial law prevails. Fifthly, gentlemen should determine whether it would not be proper that, as by agreement, all the dispatches received from India by the directors of the corn - party mull be communicated to his Majesty ' s Secretary of state, so all dispatches to India, should be shewn to him, before they are sent out. To throw some light upon this fob - je£t, gentlemen should recollect the great concerns which th public have in India affairs : the interests of the company and government were the fame; and as the latter must necessarily support the former, in cases of danger, so it was certainly proper tlrat government should fee all dispatches, left the directors might at some time or other precipitate this kingdom into a war without necessity, with the princes of that country. Sixthly, it would te the business of the House to determine upon what terms, and whether with or without the territorial revenues, the charter should be renewed. Seventhly, whether if government iliould retain the territories, it might not compel the company to bring home the revenue for government. And eighthly, whether any, and what regulations ought to be made with respect to the fopreme court of.

judicature *.

, 78 *. DEBATES. SS

judicature. In the whole of the business two objects Wert to be principally attended to, the benefit of this country, and the happiness of the people of India, whose prejudices and long habits certainly deserved consideration and indulgence.

With respect to the renewal of the charter, he recollected one part of the offer made to government, which involved no incondeferable ambiguity; it was this; the company demanded a full enjoyment of all their charter rights; he did not exactly know what might be meant by charter rights; in his opinion it meant no more than this $ an exclusive trade for the term of their charter; but if it was understood by the words charter rights ( and he believed the company wished so to understand them ) an enjoyment of the exclusive right of superin trading the whole of India affairs without any controul from government during the continuation of the charter, theft he would give it as his opinion, that Parliament ought not, even for a day, to part with this superintending power :. the reason was obvious; the intereffs of this country were intimately connected with India, and any mismanagement there might be to the lass degree dangerous to Great Britain. It was consequently the duty of Parliament, never to renounce acocktrouling superintending power over India. His Lord - Hup now concluded along speech with the following motion:

That th is House will, on Wednesday the 25th of April, refatve itself into a committee of the whole House, to consider of India affairs; and to consider of the propriety of the crown taking into its own hands the territorial acquisitions of the East - India Company, and securing to the public, a fbare in the revenues arising therefrom. "

General Smfb rose to reply to the noble Lord, that gen - Gen. Smith. tkmen might not go away with the impression that the manner in which his Lordship had ffated some things might make

upon them. The claim of the three fourths of the net profits was perfc&ly new, and so unjust, that he had not a doubt but the impartiality of Parliament would prote& the company agnnft so unwarrantable an affumpeion.

The Sm ret ary atIVar rose to request gentlemen would not The S « r

then debate the business of the company, but wait for the 25th, when the noble Lord would flite his propositions.

Mir. Gregory expressed a willingness to ( upport the noble

Lord in whatever measure should appear to him to have for rj '. its object the mutual interests of the public and the coin -

' X a Mr,

• > M6

Mr. Burke *

Mr. Grt *

gvj.

Mr. B•

Cfnfra )

Srr. it I,

Lord

jdabqn *

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781 *

Mr. Burke rose, he said, for the purpose of flopping the debate; and yet he could not help laying, that the noble Lord had in the course of his speech advanced several things to which he could not subscribe. The claim, he believed was unfounded and he warned the noble Lord against beginning by an a < A of violence a business which would require all the moderation as well as all the wisdom of the legislature finally to adjust. He concluded by pledging himself, 3nd his worthy friend who had preceded him, and those in ppposition with whom he had conversed on the subject, to support the no ? ble Lord in every thing that shoul ( J appear to them conducive to the joint interest of the company, and the kingdom *

Mr. Gregory got up again; and with warmth observed, that as no man was more ready to support the noble Lord, in every thing reasonable than he was, vet he requested the honourable member would only pledge himself, and nobody else, for the support of the measures that might be proposed : he said he flood connected with no party, nor with the honourable member who had spoken iaft; he would give his opinion freely, and his support where he thought it due 5 but still regardless of the promises of others, he being as independent in his principles, and his feat, as any man in the House.

Mr. Burke was hurt, declared that he had meant no infi - •nuation derogatory to his independence; and observed that as the honourable gentleman thought proper to renounce any connexion with him, he was very welcome to do it.

The question was then put on Lord North’s motion $ which was carried unanimously.

General Smith, in order to convince the House that the company were not in a state of bankruptcy, when government advanced them 1, 500. 0001. moved that there might be laid before the House, an account of all the assets of the East - India Company in February, 1772. — -. The motion passed, and House adjourned.

Jpril 10.

The report was made from the corpmittee to whom the Goldsmiths petition had been referred j and an order was made that it should lie upon the « table.

Lord Mahon said, that it was then too soon to enter into the merits of the case, which would be much more properly difeufled, when the bill, grounded upon the report, should bt brought into the House. However, in order to convince gentlemen that the subject was of great importance, he could r not

4

57

A. 1781. DEBATES.

not but state to the House one article contained in the report from the committee. It was this— - That from the d fFwence in the standard of Geneva, from that of London, three ounces, containing eighteen carrats of fine gold, go a far in manufacturing at Geneva, as four ounces, containing twenty - two carrats, fine, in London; and iometimes three ounces of the Geneva ftaodard had been known to go as far as four and a quarter of the London standard. The difference was very considerable; for three ounces of Geneva standard gold, at 3I. 6s. qd. per ounce, was worth o : and 3d. while ounces of British gold of 22 carrats 1 me, to which three ounces of Geneva at 18 were equal f r al ’ the purposes of manufactures, amounted at 4I. is .; d. per < jp 3, to 26L 6s. 4 - d. and as three ounces of Geneva j - old n, it gO as far as fotjr ounces and a quarter of Br nlh. t : ie - ence then would be exactly yl. 6s. $d. three - fartni ;, gc, : ViS value of the gold contained in any two pieces of manufaci uje, made the one of Geneva, the other or the Loml > n ' aid gold : in this difference gentlemen saw, that tiu di : Fc. r. ce of the value of labour was by no mens included; f that it mud Br ike every member, that the JJi tiih manufacturer in gold can never get a sale for his wares at any market, wht e gold manufactures from Geneva can be had; as the Geneva manufacturer mud necessarily be able to under fill u % as welj from the difference of the value of gold, as from the cheap - ness of labour in Genev ^. His Lordship therefore r questd, that gentlemen would not lose fight of these circumstances : and when they should have maturely considered them, he bad not a doubt but they would think with him, that toe British standard might be altered.

Jpril 11.

Mr. Dempfier moved, 44 That this House do on to - morrow tyr. Dcmp > fortnight, the 26th instant, resolve itrelf in ' o a committeeyfer. of the whole House, to consider of the Aate of the linen, manufactures of Great - Britain. " The honourable gentleman stated his reason for this motion to be the superiority that was given to the Irish manufactures of this article over the British, which, now that the restriCb > ns on their trade had been abolished, he confide red as unjust and injurious to this country. The indulgence in favour of the Irish linen manufacture had been given by a com pad, in lieu of another manufacture. By the extension of trade bestowed by the late act, the Irish were relieved from all the disadvintakes for which the linen trade had been granted j and there -

L

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

fore it was but fair and reasonable to give to the linen manu - Lftures of this country equal advantages with Ireland.

The motion was agreed to.

In a committee of ways and means came to the following resolutions:

Resolved, That towards raWing the supply granted to his Majesty % there be issued and applied the sum of 757, 0871. 17 % 10J. remaining in the receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th day of April, 1781, for the disposition of Parliament of the monies which had then arisen of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund,. commonly called the sinking fund.

R solved, That towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of 313, 7081. ns. lod, hJf - penny remaining in the receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th day of April, 1781, of the two - sevenths excise granted by an act of Parliament of the 5th and 6th years of the reign of their late Majest es > William and Queen

Mary, after f - itisfying the several charges and incumbrances thereupon for the half year then ended.

Resolved, That towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty, there he issued and applied the sum of 40, 0001. remaining in the receipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th day of April, 1781, of the duties on wines granted by an act of the t8th year of the reign of his late Majesty for paying annuities on Angle lives, pursuant to the said act, after reserving sufficient to satisfy the several annuities to the 5th day of January, 1781,

Resolved, That towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of 56, 0001. re maining in the receipt of the Exchequer, on die 5th day of April, 1781, of the duties on glass for paying annuities on lives, granted by an act of the igt. h year of the reign of hip late Majesty, after reserving fufliciefit t < ? fotisfy the several annuities to the 5th day of January, 1781.

Resolved, That so much of an act made in the 6th yearpf the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, " An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation of certain goods and merchandizes, for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving such ports, for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom, and for securing the duties upon goods imported from

A. 1781. DEBATES.

from the said island into any other British colony, " as relates to the opening and establl/ning pertain free ports in the island of Jamaica, which was to continue in force until the j fl day of November, 1773, and from thence ter the end of the then next session of Parliament; and which, by another a mads in the 14th year of his present Majesty’s reign, was continued until the ift day of November, 1780, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament, is near expiring, and lit to be continued.

Resolved, That so much of an act made in the 7th year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the free importation of sago, powder, and vermicelli into this kingdom from his Majesty’s cclonies in North America for a limtied time, which was to continue in force until the first day of December, 1781, is near expiring, - and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That so much of an made in the 9th year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland and the iiri - tish plantations in America, which was to continue in force for five years from the ift day of June, 1769, and from thence to the end of the then session of Parliament, and which, by another act made in the 14th year of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then session of Parliament, is nearly expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That so much of an act made in the iQth year of the reign of his present Majesty as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be consumed on board merchant {hips on their voyages, which was to be ' in fore© for two years from the first day of April, 1779, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That an act made in the 2Cth year of the reign of kis present Majesty, intituled, " An act ! for a ! ’ owing a bounty on the exportation of British corn and grain in ship ' s, the property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, " which was to be in force until the 25th day of March, 1781, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Ordered, That it bean instruction to the gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a bill pursuant to the fourth, {eventh, nd eighth resolutions, which upon Tuesday last were reported from the committee who were appointed to enquire What laws are expired or near expiring, and to report their opinion from time to time to the House which of them. are fit to be received or continued, and were then agreed to by the

House,

160 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

House, that they do make provision in the said bill, pursuant to the five last of the said resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the sum of one million nine hundred thousand pounds be grated to his Majesty for paying off and discharg1 ng the Exchequer bilhmade out by virtue of an act passed in the last felhon of Parliament, intituled, u An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or Exchequer bills for the service of the year 17 0, and charged upon the first aids to be granted in this session of Parli nen ^,

Resolved, That a sum, not exceeds 85511. 8s. 8d. be granted, tp his Majesty to make good the deficiency of the grants for the service of the year 1780.

Resolved, That the time allowed by law for the exportation of, ’ or the payment of the duties upon, bugles, when warehoused, upon importation into this kingdom, be enlarged.

Resolved, that goods, the produ < 5t or njanufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean seas, be permitted to he imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in Britirfi or foreign vessels, from any place whatsoever for a time to be limited.

Resolved, That a duty of ope penny farthing per pound weight be imposed upon all cotton and cotton wool imported into this kingdom in foreign ships or vessels fora time to be limited.

Resolved, That the said doty be liable to the additional im - pofl, or duty of five pounds per cent, laid by an a£ of the 19th year of his present Majesty’s reign.

12.

No Bufinefo. Adjourned to the 24th instant.

1 April 24. *,

No public business.

A25. ir. Turner Mr. Tamer called on Lord North to know jyhat was be - < come of the money granted by Parliament for growing flax and hemp; as the land in the part of the country he lived in was very proper for such cultivation, but he could not learu that a iiugle /hilling had been advanced for that purpose. Ld. No > tb - Lord North, in reply, said, no application had been made from any jterson in England to receive it; and he supposed the nv. son was. that they could make a better uie of their land.

$ \ '. land was allowed a part of the parliamentary grant; ap - j/ cai. on Jiad been made for it, and it had been paid. There now remained in the Exchequer 44, 000 !, not applied for,

and

l

l6i

A. 1781. DEBATER. '

fmd he had intended ( if it had not been mentioned by Mr. T. j to have taken the sense of the House to have it applied to the public service.

Afrit 26.

Lord North thought in " A bill for gristing to hit Maje - LordAVfL fty an additional duty on almanacks, printed on one side of any one sheet or piece of paper, and for allowing a certiin annual sum out of the fidd duty to each of the universuries of Oxfofd and Cambridge, in lieu of the money heretofore paid to the said universities ly the company of flat i oners of the city of London, for the privilege of printing almanacks. "

. Mr. Charles Turner said, the had opposed the principle of thfe Mr. bill, when it was first proposed in the committee of the whole7"r"r - House; and he was determined to perferere in what he thought the conscientious discharge of his duly, let the fuc - cess of his endeavours be what it might. The whole idea of « the bill just brought in was erroneous : he Fubmitted it therefore to all who heaid him, whether it was decent or becoming in a British House of Commons, to countenance a bill built upon a falshood. As a private individual, the noble J. ord in the blue ribbon had ever been regarded, and indeed was per - fe&ly known tb be a man of as ftri6t honour as any other individual living; but as a member of Parliament, he was not bound to believe what fell from the noble Lord in that House in the character of minister; 4and when he said this, he considered himself to be speaking in a true constitutionai manner, and as a gentleman : if he was not, he was ready to confess he knew nothing of the constilution, nor of the proper behaviour of a gentleman. Having this opinion, he scrupled < iiot to reffeat, that the principle of the bill was founded in a fal - fity; for what had the noble Lord told the HouTe, but that those two great seminaries, of which they had heard so much lately, deserved every possible encouragement, for that their welfare and prosperity were of the utmost importance to the public ? He did not believe a tittle of this assertion. On the contrary, he verily believed that the two universities were a public evil, and not a public benefit. At those seminaries it was that the feeds of mischief were sown and took root; which, when ripened to maturity, were sure to spring up and spread and blossom in that House. [ A loud laugh ] Gentlemen might laugh, but he always spoke his mind; and he always would call trees by the names of the fruits they produced; if a crab was grafted on a peach, the proper name of the fruit of the tree was a crab, and not a peach. He had himself had the honour ( as it was called ) of being educated at one of the two seminaries he was speaking of, and had been

lfoL « I1L ] Y under

P LI AMENT AHY A. 17

under thefuition of two a learrfed and as able men as ever ’ lived. ^. One of them had taken Uncommon pains to make hiid maiJeroLthe principles of civil law. He thanked God he had got all "that he had learnedv of the civil law fey that timejji ty wettotyt of his head. [ Another laugh. } He rejoiced at it; he was sure, tha if he had not laboure# to forget wha hehad learnt resppcting the civil law, he Should not be half so good member of Parliament as he ( was; and when he said this, he did not oa$an to arrogate any gQeat credit to, himself. He knew fie had no othgr merit than that of endeavouring to do hi duty, and inf that ' he Wfculd persevere to the hei\of his judgment. But if gentlemen recollected the uncon fti tut ioiral doctrines sometimes held in that Hous ^, by the professors of civil law, they must, if they spoke their minds, $oin jyitji him in opinion, that it was a blessing to, bef ignorant of all that related to civil haw. It W3S from tKat baneful source that there flowed so much servile attachment to prerogative, and such blind obedience to power in preference to constitution. It was from this school that tfee Crown received its advocates igainst the people; and from thenci it was that all their nlge and ridiculous arguments were derived, which were brought forward In Parliament, to confound and defeat thte upright exertions bf plain fenle ia favour of human freedom. With regard to the pre nt bill, it was not oifty£oufrtfe : l on faltity, but it was an instrument of opprefliam brought in with a design to run down

and barrafs an individual, who had broken through an illegal monopoly, and defend public thanks, and public feppovt, instead of public persecution. Mr. Carnan had acted in a manner Wlu i claimed reward rather than punrflithent. He had, at a great expenci to himself, opened the right of jointing almanacks to the puflic at larg£, for which the minister had turned his prosecutor. He was perfe£lly aware that the noble Lord, ’ as Chancellor of the university of Oxford, was urider. a degree of bia r It was natural for men io wish to make some return th those - from whom they derived a degree of rank and consequence in the world. He was ready to make a proper allowance for tlys ^. whichMi© considered as a laudable partiality .; but dill it was ho £uftideation for harrafling aijd oppressing an individual. The minister liad before attempted to bring in a bill for the re - establishing the monopoly, which the House had refilled, and refilled with firmness, and he lumped they would do the fame now, and he for his part Ihfpild. oppolb the bill.

V rt6 - Lord North, in reply, ’ said, when the honourable man b an his speech, and brought forward a charge

gentfe -

agait ft

him

L 1781. E B, A T E S. lb

him of having stated & falsify to Houfij, he was somewhat alarmed; but the honoura$ > l# gentleman, in the progress bf what he said, had made him tolerably easy, in jcclaripg, tflat it was aot a falsity in pofnt of fabl, but a f3rRty in point of opinion, with yhich be meaqt to chargf him. Tfhp ho - uourable gentleman had certainly opened iris accusation in as 1 polite a manner, and with as little office, as such an accu - fation could poflibiy be urged; but at first, he was rpady to oonfefs, he felt himself a little because he was fat so -

iled, that he"never had pi fhmed to call the attention of the

House to any matter ^ ejjher of great 05 little importance, which was not nri£Uy ttue as far as his, dnformatijM} went.

His tmfcifiness was now removed; and as the fcdfity of opi - oionbn which the honourable gentleman netted, was declared to be his ailertion, that the welfare and prosperity of the two unfrerfities w re of great importance to the public, he made raffcruple to repeat tli§ aflfertion, and to cpnfefs that he differed totalfy from the honourable gentleman on - that head.

IV only argument ul ' ed by the honourable1 gentleman iit fspport of his opinion, that the two learned fenunaries were i public evil, and not a public benefit, was, that they taught, the civil la « nd that a knowledge of civil law was of the ' most mifchievou consequence within those walls. In answer U ) thisyihe would venture to congratulate the honourable geatleraan on the little ground that tlitfji ' e his fears;

because he believed it wq ld be flowed, that f \v gentlemen retained any great fiiare of the civil law which they learned it the upiverlities. He was lurb not enough of it to taint or toafleJl their political principles : For his own part, he had now but I tle of \t, left; and if he had justly conieived the honourably gentlen in, he had fdicit ted himself on having ! moJ ( l wholly forgot all that he had learnt at college upon thatsubject; here then they joined issue, and were perf&Stly - greed. With regard to Mr. Carnan, he was a little fwrprifed to hear that thb mhiitter had periecuted him; that the minister was a friend to illegal monopolies, and meant to difeounte - nance and punish all who successfully endeavoured. to abolish then ). The fact was veiv much other wise : Mr. Carnan had, at hi own risque, challenged thq legality of a charter under the; uthotity of wjbich the ttationers, company had for near 200 1 years, without the fmaileft interruption, been the printers and venders of almanacks in right of the two tmiverflties, upon an annual sum paid to Oxford and Cambridge. The matter went to trial in the fairett and most regular manner. The de - ufionwas in favour of Mr. Carnan, and he had ever since ex - - ceifedthe right of printing almanacks in common with t ie com - Y 2 pany

I « 4

PARLIAMENTARY

A 178 *.

$ir P

Jenningt

CUrke.

pany. But the whole of theqpnteft Was a matter that merely lay between Mr. Carnan an4 fije company : admiriistration took : ni > fkiit jn it, jnor had they to that noit ' interfered either onfc wajrLpr fheojjfcer : nor had Mr. Carnan any right tp com - 7 plaip; l e ba4 not been led from court to court, nor hatrafflecj In any manner whatever. The present bill was ordered in after two separate debates on the subject, and upon a decided majority on two divisions. The ground of the bill was to pfr vent irauds that had been practised, equally to the prejudice of the flationers ’ company « ncj the revenue of the kingdom, and as a considerable sum was expected to be raised by the additional 4 « ty, the House had adjudged it right to apply a part otRhat &m to make good to the universities the annuities which they had loll in consequence of the legal dcci - fion respecting the right of printing almanacks. In all this business fhere was, he conceived, no $enfure due to, admijti - Hrition. The bill was the bill of the House, and 3S fpch, he did not doubt but it would pass without oppositioiE. The bill wras read a fiijll time. J

Sir PKiSp Jennings Clerke called the recollc&ion of die House to a bill, formerly brought into Parliament, but re - je&ed, the object of which was to impose a tax von places and penfiops, - for the purpose of railing a fund to support the American refugees. This bill h$d been brought into Parliament by an honourable gentkmen now in « lhe House [ Mr. Gilbert ] and# as tfyc motives which gave rife to - k were considerably llrengthcncd by the protracting of dfc American war, he hoped the honourable gentleman intended to, bring it forward again this session Parliament. He rose for the purpose of soliciting the honourable gentleman to declaim whether that was his intention; and lfdtwas, though the noble Lord who seconded the motilli on the former oocasion f Lo ) ic George Gordon ] was no longer a member of that House, the Sll should not want a supportcr, if his poor abilities could extend toiupply the npble Lord’s place

1 Mr. Gilbert declared, that he had pot the moll distant intention of reviving the bill.

On which Sir Ptbilty rose agafej and said, as the honourable gentleqaan had ' abandoned it, he himself would endeavour to promote a measure he thought so very equitable and expedient as this : he therefore gave notice, that he should, on a future c ay, move Tor leave to bring in a bill for the purposes above mentioned .; - )

Mr. pUttn. Mr. Pent nmoved for leave to bring in a bill so better preventing desertions in the navy; he Hated to the Jdoufe, that the number of men who had Hcferted from our ships of war,

during

s\r p. y. Cltrki.

L

A. ij8 u

DEBATES.

during tfec h&year, amounted toriio less than 42, 000; a mif -

chief so alarming demanded. a speedy remedy; but to suggest any expedient, folly fffic&cious, was a matter of conhdara - bk difficulty, for there w$re a fee of men, known by the appettetion of Crimps, who were perpetually fed aping men fata ite service, ip spitt of every penalty which the laws bow in being had imposed for such misdemeanors. Did not those men save encouragement, desertions would be very we; and therefore to deter such offenders by strict penalties was more likely to prevent the mischief than ny severities tint could be in i&ed on the sailors themselves. He did not mean, however, to make the punishment more severe than under the laws now subsisting, but to adopt aXnore summary v mode of mfli£ting it, that the example might be more frequent and notorious; The first object in his proposed bill rt toumpqie a fmtof five pounds for the first offence, and tee pounds for the ftcotid, on all persons who entice men hop his Majesty naval service, the same to be recovered sffafonftation made before any justice of the peace; the fe - send was; to impose the Tame penalty, and to be levied in like manner upon M fhofe Who fee ret any sailor, knowing a deserter. But there Was a third clause in the bin of Am more importance than eitherof thfe preceding, which hid a onfideraole fine upon Captains of merchantmen, who flhll knowingly harbour or employt > £i < dJhis ship any feck desertef. The specific fine to be Wnpoftd he had not fhtenBmed upon, but should leave It to be settled by the judgment of the committee; Ke ' thought, hdwever, it ’ fhofeld be a large one; this last he did not propose to lay by that fanmary process given in the former cates, but by bill, plaint,. or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record.

Having now fbbtniAtaf to the House the nature of the measure he proposed, he might be expected to declare an opinion that it would in its operation be adequate to the desired effect; but this he would by no means predial, for die evil had taken fuqh deep foot ’ fhat it would be very difficult to eradicate. He should only liyr, that those provisions were the most eligible ' of any his judgment could filggcft, tad that fbmething was indispensably riecefTary to be done.

Mr. Turnerrofe to exprest his ' objections to any bill that Mr.

kd to bmcrafs thesubject, nd deprive individuals of the free exercise of their natural liberty. He said, he dctefled the tgpa of deemiflg an impressed man a deserter. He never could ' An impressed roan,

in

S

View fodfc an individual in; that light.

i66

parliamentary a. 17 1

in seizing the first opportunity of making his escape, did n ° ' more than nature, justice, and reason dictated; and it was {

' cruelty in the extreme to authorize tfe punishment of persons of the description Hated, for attempting to regain their liberty. But the bill, as opened by the honourable gentleman, went to stili more alarming lengths. It wenrib the punishment of those who concealed impressed men, ib cfcap - ing, with a heavy fine. What t would any man psGtend to that he ought to be fined for concealing his brother, nis friend, or his neighbour, wjig having been lhatched away f rom his family, and dragged from his house on board aship, had found means to get on shore again ? Humanity fhud - dered at he V ea ! He for one never would adopt it. He i made no scruple, upon his legs, to declare, that he had concealed some hundreds of impressed me in time. And he did it, not to injure the public service, nor to impede he ne - ceflary operation} of government, but bfecaufc he thought he \y < $ doing right, and as long as he lived he would difehame his confeience, let the conference be what it would WWb regard to the British Teamen ( for though he was not used to speak in thatftile often, ‘•hfe ’ thought the present cafionte quired it ) if there was ond set of men nobler thanljfnothet, the British Teamen wGtc ' that set. They deferred every. Iking of their country; they were its honour, its support, tad its glory ! —In God’s name, then, let them be encouraged, and not oppressed ! Give them additional rewards, to stir them on, and incite them to court the service, but do not with crupl though unavailing restraints alienate their affections. They were not men to be intimidated ' or deterred. New penalties, and new punishments, only created new crimes and new offences

Sir Herbert Sir Herbert Afackworth made a Itfng speech, the chief pur - ckworth. pQrt 0£ wj1jc 1 was, to remind jhc House, that he had in the last Parliament suggested a plan for removing, in a great degree, the neceslity of impressing and for rendering the service a deferable object to fe iqfn; so giuch so, that instead of their cxifling grounds for framing laws to prevent desertion, nd obtaining additional hands, the service should be so regulated, that there should no longer remain a doubt of a sufficient number of Teamen flocking to the royal navy, nor a fear of any Teamen leaving it, after they had entered. Sit Herbert said this plan was vet in agitation without doors, and a number of very respectable gentlemen had forffied themselves into a committee to manage it, meaning, when Jhey had

* brought

3

4

A. 1781,

DEBATES.

brought if to a fit ( late of maturity, to have it proposed to the consideration of ttytfaoufe ' In the mean time, possibly the bill now moved for might be of use. - Th jnotion passed, and a bill was ordered in.

Sir Jeorg Tonge revived the enquiry into the circum - $ir Giorg ( lance of the delay in the delivery of the Honiton writ. Mr. 7®" k Harmoo& Mr. Smith, Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Treward, were examined. —After which the inquiry was further adjourned, and Anthony Bacon, Esq. was ordered to attend in his place.

:. The order of the day being next, read, for the House to re -

( oive itself into a committee in order to take the Bate of the British linen manufacture into consideration, the Speaker left the chair, and Sir Archibald Edmonitone took his feat at the table.

Mr. Dempjier tfien rose, apd called the attention of the Mr.

committee to the subject upon which be hsA moved for the ' House to resolve itself into a committee. He said, no mfet

Jiced more sincerely than he did, in the humane, prudent, generous regulations that the House had last year adopted relative to the trade of Ireland. He wished that country fin - ctfelj well, should ever consider its interests as closely

wA i e brably coftnedled withjthe intferefts of Great Britain.

Hip thought it tyrannical - then, and still did, that any part of t e King ' s dominions should lose the benefit of any local act - Tantage it possessed by - its foil, climate, situation, genius, ' or industry. In what he was about to open, therefore, he truffed that he should not be suspected of looking on the flou - rishing state of the Irish linen trade with an envious eye; indeed the resolutions which he meant to offer to the committee tended equally to benefit of Ireland and Great Britain. Gentlemen well knew, that by an act passed so long ago as the 29th year of King George II. a bounty was granted on all linen exported from Great Britain and Ireland; but in that act a cLause was inserted, excepting printed and stained linens from the said bounty. The reason Or the justice of that exemption, Mr. Dempster said, he had never been able to discover, but the wisdom of the Irish Jegiflature had induced them lately to pass an ’ a < £l, in which tjiey had omitted the exempting dause; so that at present printed and stained linens exported from Ireland wer entitled to the fame bounty as other linens. The difference Mr. Dempster said, was about ten per cent in favour of the Irish linen trade as it flood just now; what he should propose therefore was, to pass an act, allowing the bounty upon all linens, printed and stained, that fcoald be exposed from Great Britain; which would operate

W

Parliamentary

$ a benefit to Ireland as well as to Great Britain, fihce at j > resent a ipuch greater proportion of Irish linen, printed and framed, was exported from Great Britain than storn Ireland. After expatiating pretty largely upon the fabjeCl, of which Mr. Dempster appeared to be a complete matter, he Concluded with reading his ficfr resolution as follows

# " That it is the opinion of ♦this committee, that the respective bounties on plain British and Iritti linens, granted by an act of thq, 29th of his late Majesty, and continued by several subsequent fratutes, be extended to British and Irim linen printed or framed in Great Britain, and to buckrakns and fiUetings. "

Mr. Dempfrer next said, that he meant to go stil ! for : ther. Avery great quantity of soap was used in waiting i and as it had always been the policy of this country to cherish the materials for juanufacture, he wished to point put a hard - ship in this article. The duties on soap were altogether three halfpence. By the iath of Queen Anne the linen manufacturer was exempted from one halfpenny, but the subsequent penny duty ttill lay against hitn; whereas the woollen manufacturer had an allowance of two - thirds of this penny also. He wished to extend this advantage to the linen manufactory. It was an advantage which they wanted; for in Ireland there was no excise whatever on soap; so that in this particular the linen manufacture of Ireland had amanifeft advantage over that of Great Britain; the resolutions he should otter on this point were:

" That it is the opinion of this committee, that the fame allowance of excise upon soap which is granted to the woollen. manufacture, by an act of the 16th of Queen Anne, be extended to soap used in whitening new linen in the piece. " u That the said allowance, and also the allowance of the duties on. soap used in whitening new linen, granted by an act of the 12th of Queen Anne, be extended to soap used in hleach - inglinen, thread, and yarn. "

The other materials used in bleaching he. wished also to foe ( exempted from duty, on the principle which he said had always been attended to by the wisdom of Parliament, of permitting the importation of raw materials, duty free. Thele were barilla, pearl, pot and wood allies; and also ( altpetre and brimstone, which were the materials from which the oil. of vitriol was made, an article much used in bleaching. There. was one other consideration very material, which w s the - duty. on ( larch. This duty was 3d. per pound and the price of itself, independent of the duty, was only 3d. It was much

used

At 1781. DEBATES. 469

nfed in Meach ing, and the doty wad a burthen on the manufacture which it could hardly bear. He wished to see the manufactorV relieved from that duty. These were the proportions which he had to offer, and ne read them as follows.

That wood and wood ashes, pot and pearl ashes, barilla, and that species of blue called fmalts, be allowed to be imported duty free. *

M That all brimflone and salt petre used in the making of oil of vitriol, be allowed to be imported duty free. *

M That there be an allowance of all the ! excise of starch node use of hi bleaching and whitening nfew linen. *

After which the chairman put the first refblution.

Lord North thereupon rose, and after declaring bimfdf a1 hearty friend to the linen manufacture of this kingdom in general, very candidly admitted that the British linen manufacturer, had a right to expect to ffand upon the fame footing with the irifii manufacturer, as far as had reference to the relative advantages of the manufacturers of both Countries, previous to the pafHng the acts of last sessions. If in conference of those acts a pinference of trade had resulted to Ireland, and Great Britain flood comparatively in a worse Hate now, in the year 1781, than ( he had done in the year 1779 certainly it was reasonable to call upon that House to reduce the natter to its old level, and let each country carry their goods to market unddt the fame advantages, and with th6 lame equality as heretofore. On this account his Lordship ttdbefaw no objection as to the first resolutions passing I tocommittee. The bounty upon painted and stained linens ought to be granted, if Ireland by an act had done so; but he could not agree with the honourable gentleman in respect to others of his propofirion *, which had no reference to the competition, or to the relative stateof the manufacture.

The excise payable on soap, used in the whitening of linen j bid been paid by the British linen manufactuier, previous to to regulations made respecting the trade of Ireland in 1780; it had been found that granting allowances upon soap was liable to very great frauds, to the manifest ptejudice of the revenue. With respect also to this resolut ABio : ;, and to the fr - verai others, they all affected matters oh wh. ch government bad relaxed a proportion of duty two years ago; and he saw no reason why more should be given up, especiilly where it tended to lessen the revenue. Allowances were always de - tnittental to revenue, because they opened the door to fraud; tod from the experience that they had - had, he trusted that Vei *. Ilia jS other

L

170

PARLIAMENTARY ish.

other means of encouragement would in future be adopted in the place of allowances.

MuTirntr. Mr Turner spoke in favour of the resolutions,. and complained of the English members neglecting to attend and take care of the linen manufacture; in Scotland, he said, there was a linen board, and in Ireland another, but itrEbgr land nobody troubled their heads about the matter, though it was a very important branch of trade, especially in the part of the county of York in which he. lived He spoke about the money voted by Parliament for the encouragement - of the British linen manufacture; and - in the course of his speech advised the noble Lord to lay a duty on the importation of flax - feed.

VLrJMinckin Mr. Afincbin pressed the adjournment of so important a question till the next sessions, declaring that he had written to Ireland and Scotland to make himself fuflicifntly matter of the subject, and aiTerting, that it was impossible to proceed correctly, till the slate of the manufacture in both countries was kno > vn, as likewise the real tendency of the ad patTcd by the Parliament of Ireland lad sessions, which had been alluded to by the honourable gentleman who made the motion.

The Urd The Lord Advocatesaid, he was glad to And the linen mi *

JUvocmt nufacture of Great Britain was in the road to meet some favour. i ' hat floufe had been called tfpon, again and again, to open its eyes to its true interestp, as far as they were connected with a subject of so much real importance at the linen manufacture; but the House had obstipately pedUted in blindness, till the wisdom of the flrish legislature had re - do red it to fight. With regard to the adjournment asked for by the honourable gentleman who spoke lad, if the subject had reded on the result of any deep enquiry, or a reference to matters of intricacy, or matters at a didance, he for one / should have been extremely ready to have agreed to the re - quest; but the truth was, the business then under consideration was of a very different nature, and turned foicly upon Ample fads then before their eyes; upon - the fatute of the 129th of George the second, and the datutes of Queen Anne, each of them at that moment lying upon the table, and upon the Trish a Cl ' of Parliament, which was also upon the table. With respect to the date of the British manufacture and that of Ireland, in point of comparative success, his honourable fiiend had not said one syllable; the whole of his argument had turned upon the regulations of 1780, the great

17 *

A. 17&J. DEBATES.

grot and avowed ground of which was, that neither Ire -. Iwd nor Great Britain should enjoy any positive advantages idling from statutes, but that each should trade exactly upon the fame footing in that point. Ai to any local advantages trifing from peculiarity of foil, climate, or situation, they wne. wholly out of the question, each country undoubtedly luting a right to make the most of them. At prefem, clearly the linen manufacture of Ireland enjoyed a positive ad outage of statute over the linen manufacture of Great Britain; and he was glad to find the noble Lord in the blue ribbon ready to agree that Great Britain had a right to give icfblf the fame advantage. Much however as he was accus tooted to be convinced by the noble Lord’s arguments in general, he could not say he was at all satisfied with his objections to the frveral r ? l > lutions read subsequent to that novr noted. The noble Lord had owned himself willing to do the linen manufacture of Great Britain a little justicej let kirn be the noble Lord ' s - adviser to do it more justice, by acceding to all the resolutions, every one of which he was persuaded was equally just and equally prudent. The noble Lord had talked of what was done in Ireland; there was no aeceffity for going across 5r. George’s Channel in search of arguments again# any point - the noble Lord chose to oppose *

The noble Lord h d ingenuity enough to deduce arguments from his own mind, and to rest them on fads nearer home.

The learned Lord used several other arguments in support of rhr resolutions.

Mr. Aftncbin made a ( h rt reply.

SitTlrtmas Egerton said, he feared the proposition for grant - sir ing the bounties on printed and stained linens might affect Ac cotton manufacture, and therefore he desired the commkte mi ht report progress, and adjourn for ten days, in order that he might have time to conf *. lt his const turn’s up - on thesubjed. He concluded witti declaring his resolution maitcr a motion to this purpmt.

Sir Grey Cooper reminded the honourable gen Ir. man, that s > < 7,

the present qjas a - previous committee only, and tin : there would be ample time to esquire, upon the point he had started, in the progress of the bill, as the matter might be debated at any one of its various stages.

Sir Adam Fergufin, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sir j; 1ni

2nd other gentlemen defended and supported the resolutions. £ ' > »,

Lord Foirford begged four days only, that he might fee the JjV; c lriQ act of Parliament. ' J ' ’

Z 2Mr.

m

Mr. D•

ftr.

J - ofd North *

Lord Nortl

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17ft

- Mr. Dempster produced the i£t, and said, be dreaded ‘delay, though but of a fe\y days, as that might end in the loft of the feflton He rrplifd to several of Lord Norths objections.

The first resolution was carried.

Upon the ad and ? d ( those relative t# the excise on soap ) being moved. Lord Nartbrofe, and related his obje&itws, His Lordship also took, notice of forpe the arguments of the learned Lord, and of Mr. burner. W « th regard to the latter ’ a observation on the sums yotpfj for the support and encouragement of the British linen manufacture, hp Repeated what be bad said on a former day, that the money ' now lay in the Exchequer; and as po one bid thought proper to claim it, the sum had accumulated to the amount of 44, ocol. which if not Toon claimed, he meant to move $0 have parried to the supplies of the present year, as one of the ways and means. His Lordship tyd further, that he was too good a friend to the British linen manufacture, ever to propose a tax on the importation of fiax - feed,

As soon as his Lordship had concluded, the pogxnittee divided Ayes 19, Noes 28 *

The fourth resolution, relative to wood and wopd - afbes was agreed to, upon the condition, that Lord North should not be considered as pledged to accede to it, when under dif - icuflion as a part of the bill.

The fifth, relative to brimstone and salt petre was negatived; and the sixth, relative to starch, was with leave with drawn. Lord North having declared it to be a matter of great consideration and of sufficient importance to be made a single topic of difeuffion.

The House was then resumed, and the two resolutions agreed to by the committee were ordered to be reported on Monday next.

April 27,

• Lord North informed the JJoufe that he was not yet prepared to bring forward his propositions respecting a settlement with the East - India company, for the renewal of their charter He had seen several of the directois, and an open ing was made towards an amicable settlement.. It was not however so advanced as to give him the confidence to declare that it would be concluded He wished therefore to adjourn the committee to Wednesday next. Even at that time be might not be able to bring forward the business, but he jvould be able either to inform the House that the difference

A. 17 iu D E B ATE ’ S.

would be settled, or to appoint a day when it would certain - ly come under their confederation. There was one dircum - dance however, which he thought it his duty to call the au tention of the House to, which was the late disaster which wc had fufFered in the Carnatic. It bad engaged the attention of the world in a very great degree, and undoubtedly k waa a circumstance of material confluence. An indirect account of the calamity had come to hand feme time ago, but no regular intelligence of it had arrived till Eastec week; he could not therefore take notice of it sooner : but now that it had come to hand, and had given rife to fomuclf public clamour and uneasiness, be thought it right for the House to enquire into the circumstances, and the cause of that irruption. For this purpose he meant on Monday to ottovc for a secret commitee to enquire into this business.

He thought it better to refer it to a secret committee, as there was much more dispatch in a secret committee and fetch ofajects were more fit for a secret than for an open committee. They only would be appointed to enquire into the business, and report to the House the information and the knowledge which they were able to collect. They would sot come to any decisive qu eft ion. He begged to be under - flood not to mean to impute blame in the present proportion toaoy body. Perhaps there ought to be no imputation; but there was a great national calamity which called for the attention of Parliament, and in moving for the inquiry they fixed no disgrace to any man or set of men. The inquiry was meant for the purpose of discovering whether blame might to be imputed to any of our servants or not; and be truiled, that if it should be found that there had been palpable and apparent neglect or abuse of trust, the crime would receive, from the justice of Parliament, the punishment which it merited.

Mr. Baker rose to appeal to the noble Lord, whether it Mr. Sstm would be proper for the House to proceed precipitately to the length of appointing a secret committee upon a subject of such infinite importance, without first having some proof before them of the existence of the fads, into the causes of which the committee to be chosen on Monday were to be ? nftruded to enquire ? At present the House knew nothing of an invasion in the Carnatic; they had no papers on their gable that contained any such information, nor was it in any parliamentary shape before them; he submitted it therefore to the noble Lord, whether the fads ought not first to be

authenticated.

74

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

authenticated, and whether, before they were authenticated, it would not be a direct violation of every rule of proceeding in that House, as well as an absurdity in itself, to chuse a committee to inquire into the cause of them

LmANirth, Lord North conceived that the notoriety was a sufficient rea -

son for the House to enquire into the business. It was a notorious fa& that Hyder Ally had made an irruption into the Carnatic, and a very material disaster had been the consequence. This was a great national jalamity, and therefore the House ought to enquire into the cause of it : but the East - India com - jfeny had published an authentic and avowed account of it in all the newspapers. Without this, however, the notoriety of the fa& would be sufficient to justify, and even to induce the House to take it up. There were many precedents for such conduct; and being a national calamity, they ought at least to enquire into the truth of the report.

Mr. Fur. Mr. Foxsaid, that what had fallen from the noble Lord had given him the highest satisfaction. The noble Lord’s argument was perfectly wife and politic; and though it came a little auk ward ly from the noble Lord’s mouth, he congratulated him sincerely on his having at length embraced a doctrine, which, in a variety of other cases, he had refilled and oppof - ed, and, but too often with success. When facts of such vast importance to the public, as the late ipvafion of the Carnatic, and the disasters that followed it, had become a matter of public notoriety, he vyas ready to join issue with the no -, ble Lord against his honourable friend, and to declare that it was necessary to proceed to an immediate enquiry into the causes of these misfortunes, and that it would be childish to wait for minute proofs of the particulars. In cases of such magnitude forms were a mere farce, and no man of real poii -. tical wisdom ought to let them Hand in the way of enquiry.

If there was such a thing as a certain rule of policy, this was, that rule, and he rejoiced that < he noble Lord had followed it in the present instance. He was right for the first time, and he gave him full credit for being so; at the fame tiu e, however, he could not help remarking the extreme difference that there was in the noble Lord’s conduct, in cases in which he was personally concerned and in which he was not. In the latter case no man was more capable of judging and of acting right. In the former, no man was so blind or so un -. fortunate. In the present instance, he was convinced, that, if, upon its being asked who was the cause of the disasters in the Carnatic ? it should be anlVered— Hyder AUy was the cause; the noble Lord would laugh in the face qi the man x who

4

A. 1781 DEBATES. 175.

who should be weak or mad enough to offer such a ridiculous reply, and, to thifrk that such a reply conveyed the satisfac - tion required. And yet the House would recoiled ! on how many occiifions the noble Lord had answered exactly in the fame stile. When it had been asked, what was the cause of the American war ? the noble Lord had answered, the Americans were the cause I Again as to the cause of the French war, the Spanish war, ami the Dutch war, a similar answer had been given. The French, the Spaniards, and the Dutch were the cause. In like manner when an inquiry had been attempted into the cause of the, loss of our West - India iHands the answer given was, the French took them from us, an < consequently they were the cause of our losing those islands; but now, he flattered himself, there wo ld be an end to these puerilities and absurdities, and when a committee should be moved for, to enquire into the causes of the present calamitous, impoverished, and degraded state of the nation, the noble Lord would be among the first to forward the measure, and support a motion of that fort; if not, the world would fee, that in his own case, or where his own conduct was likely to be involved in the consideration, and he was, of course, to be affected by the consequence, the noble Lord set his face against all enquiry; but where he was a by - stander ( for strange as it was for the min liter of this country to appear in the character of a by - stander, with regard to the iituation of our affairs in India, yet in feme degree, the noble Lord might be so considered ) the noble Lord could ad as uprightly, as "

wifely, and as fairly as any other man in the kingdom.

Lord North made a short reply to Mr. Fox, and said, that LordNnii he never had opposed an enquiry into his own conduct, nor ever feared one If his opinion was asked, whether the American war was owing to the ambition and lull of power of the rebellious Americans, or to the oppression of the British government, he undoubtedly should answer, that he thought the causes of that war were the ambition and impatience of government of the rebellious Americans. In the enquiry, which he wished to institute, possibly it might come out, that the causes of the difacers in the Carnatic, were the ambition, rapacity, and injustice of Hyder Ally. It might, however come out, that there were other causes, and it was for the jnirpose of discovering those causes that the enquiry was to be jsiade. But surely he had not refilled an inquiry into the American war, nor acted differently in the case in which he was himself materially affected and where he was not. The American war had been repeatedly inquired into; it had. been. .. - the

C

1 6 PARLIAMENTARY A. tjto

ttie daily subject of discussion and debate for the laftfbur years and consequently it could not be said that he had been the means of nifling inquiry.

General General Smithfard ne was happy to find that the House imith. wdre to ijistitute an enquiry into this calamity. It was certainly an object of the greatest magnitude. But he recommended it to the noble Lord not tb confine the inquiry to the mere CirCymftance of the irruption into the Gatnatic, but to take in also the conduct of the council of Bengal, with which it would be found that the irruption was moil intimately con nedled. That it was owing in a great degree to their Coil audl that the calamities had ensued, he had not a doubt, anil it was very necessary, that the House should khow the fact, as he hoped that the enquiry would lead to a very serious and important issue, and that the House would think it incunn bent upon them to go to the bottom of the business.

I Artush. Lord North said, that undoubtedly if the committee, in tftd course of their enquiry, found that the irruption and disasters Were in any degree occasioned by the negligjerice, the rapacity, or other mifeondudfc in the council of Bengal, they would make their report to the House accordingly. But hie was averife to multiplying the objects of this inquiry, because it would retard them. He wished to keep them to the point, for the fake. of dispatch, which was now so needfary for thi interefi of the company and of the nation, i fa Burke. Mr. Burke, in a very fine speech, recommended it to the noble Lord by all means to extend the proposed inquiry to all the objects which Were connected wrth the disaster Of the irruption into the Carnatic. To limit it to that particular calamity, without taking into consideration the concomitant measures and circumstances that had led to it, would be idle and nugatory. The House would not receive the information that was absolutely necessary to form a judgment, or to act with wife caution on a matter that deserved so much dif Cuflion and inquiry. The conduct of the council at Bengal undoubtedly was connected with it. The whole of the proceeds ws, the origin and the conduct of the Mahratta war Were io immediately connected with Ais business, that they tnuft be included n the enquiry. Nobody could believe but that the Mahratta war was one great cause of the irrtip - tion of Hyder Ally. It would not be believed that that irruption would have happened if it had not been for that war, begun by the members of the council. In short, there was a great variety of important objects connected with this bufi - uefs, which ought all to be attended to It was a moll intricate

A. rj8$i

DEBATE S.

m

tricate and serious business, and would require that meii ftoold come to it with the cooled heads and the fleadieffc hands, j&eing a fee ret committee, the necessity that there was for caution became greater : he was far from condemning a secret committee; he knew that a secret committee was the only effectual way of doing business, but then it was unavoid *

3, and frofcn its nature, the cause of public suspicion - his therefore, was to lessen the suspicion and encrease the efed; and this he thought Would be the consequence of ta king up the enquiry on broad grounds. In that case the pub *

fsoold have Confidence in the committee, and would look success from their efforts -. He repeated it however, that he meant not to direct the enquiry to a general consideration of the affairs of India. He had, for a long time, been employed in examining and searching into them; and he knew from experience that they were at once too extended and too com pjjcated, and bad the views, passionsj and interests, of too many different men Chnnected and blended with them, to bt easily developed or tolerably understood on a fudd&n Lord North rose often more to assure the honourable mem - Lord her, that he had not the moil distant wish that the enquiry {herald be a partial one. He considered the subject as extremely Weighty and important and he hoped it would be enquired into burly, seriously, and dispassionately. His Lordship Wgaiil explained his reasons why he thought it more adviseable to point the enquiry only to the affairs of the Carnatic, and he added, that every thing, which in the course of the invefli - ration should appear to have been among the causes of the didders in that district of India, would necessarily fall within its ( cope.

Mr. Gregory ft id he was heartily glad to find, late as it Mr. Crt was, that the affairs of India were likely to be taken into the ? serious consideration of that House. He wished it had hap pened to have been the case earlier, because he was convinced if it had, the late mischiefs would have been much less than unfortunately they have been. In the course of the enquiry it would be material to know how it happened, after we had driven the French out of India, that Hyder Ally ravaged the Carnatic, and not only broke in upon the possessions of our allies, but upon those of the Company, and marched up almost to die very walls of Fort St. George, without any one mea - fore appearing to have been taken by thofo in power in India, to prevent such a disaster from happening, or to flop the ex tent of it when it did happen.

Vol. HL. A a This

V -

PARLIAMENTARY A. i7 « i

This was cflendally necessary, and he hoped that exemplary punishment would fall upon that man, or those men, who Should turn out to be guilty in the particular above stated he they whom they would; if it should be proved that the disasters originated in the rapacity of those in power, thtey ought to be punished without regard to personal influence wealth, power, connexion, or any other consideration. Mh Gregory concluded with saying, that, ’ late as it was in the season, some ships were just now prejiafing for their voyage and their carrying over, inform at ion toindia, that the Britishi legi stature had entered Tipon the ferrous consideration ef Bfe state of that country, and of the causes tf the lateevenS there, would, he was perfbaded, be attended with the most salutary consequences; he, therefore, for one, was ready to give the measure every assistance in his power; and he pledged •hitnielf to do so, and also to take care that all the information which the India - House was possessed of, should be iaidbefore the commirtee, and that if there ftaould be any concealment he would complain to that House. '

The order was discharged, and a fresh order was made ) - for the House to go into a committee next Wedrtefday.

Jpril jx.

The House, on the motion of the Secretary at War, nefolved itself into a committee of supply; and Mr. Ord having taken the chair,

The Secretary at JPar observed, that ' gentlemen might 0 - tr ' collect, that when, at the beginning of the fession, he pro -, •posed a reform or reduction in the army and militia, he ap - - prised the committee, that it might anerwards be thought expedient to raise some troops during the course of the ' yesit That measure had iitice been adopted; and orders had been - given for railing forty independent companies in England, and forty more in Ireland, to be placed on the English tftabUshment. The expence of this augmentation, he said, would encrealeby very little indeed the general supply of the yeatj for the savings, made by the former reduction, would Very nearly answer the whole expence of the establrshment of ' ttie eighty new companies. By one branch of the recta&i ' qto,

51. 0001. had been saved, and was now in the Exchequer : mid and by another, 57, 0001. so that it would not be necessary proviue for more than the payment of about 8 or 9000I. But though the money was procured, it was a necessary to bave a resolution of the House, by which it would be appropriated to this use. He then moved, that a sum, rot exceeding

117. 0001. be granted for the maintenance of eighty additional independent companies.

v c gle

A. lySu

PARLIAMENTARY

79 *

Sir P. Cleric dfcfired to know why the companies were not Sir p, regimented : cltT ke -

The Secretary at, Wax said, that if hereafter it should be The 5#. w

fauqd expedient to regiment them, it certainly would be done; but at present they were at much less expence to the nation j and the nature of the service made it necessary to raise com - 1 panies, not regiments; for they were raised by the captains; and companies were much easier compleated than regiments : besides, in their present form they might be very serviceable : there were some regiments serving on board inips, the field Officers of which were. rendered ufetefs by the nature of the feryice.. As toon as the independent companies should he complete, they might he font to service in the room of those raiments which might then he called home.

# The House being jreCamed, Lord North rose, and moved, U > t& North jrorfuant to his intimation of Friday last, " That a committee of secrecy be appointed to inquire into the causes of the war bow fubfming in the Carnatic; and of the present condition of the British possessions in those parts; and to report the fame, with their observations thereon. " His Lordship fa id, that he had worded this motion as widely as possible, to ob - yiate an objection made against it the other day by gentlemen who wished the enquiry mould extend into the presidency of Under the general terms he had adopted, it would competent for the committee to pursue their enquiry. through all our Jfettlcments in India, if it should be found pro - pflr so - to do > 6 ascertaining the causes of Hyder Ally ’ sf inva - : imn; and if the Maratta war had, as was suggested, contrb hnted to that event, it would also come under their confide fation; but to include the presidency of Bengal directly A the motion, before it was certainly known whether the mifr j&ief. originated these or not, would in his opinion have uifr pyqffirily impeded the progress of the enquiry, which ought Pihe. opnaudked with all possible dispatch. r

JLord Newhaven roie. to return the noble Lord thanks, for Lord Nnu *

JpRituting an enquiry at once so just and necessary; and r£ - l, av‘n quelled to know what powers his Lordship intended to invest the committee with; he wished for ample powers; as the 3 uiry would prove, nugatory, if the committee should not re - fgve such powers, as would enable them to proceed with jCnkacy in their pursuit. 1

, 1 - ord Worth laid, it was his intention to follow his first LardAVrt. paction with another, by which he meant to give to the ediq - rjnpittee all the usual powers of committees; such as calling for papers, examining witnesses, See. and likewde a new power,

A a a which

i8o PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

which was that Of fitting at the India - House, if they1 think proper; this was a power which, he said, would promote dii - patch; as they would he on the ( pot to read those papers,

which otherwise should be copied to be lent to the House of Commons.

Mr. T. Mr. T. Towrt/hcnd said that he did not rife to find fault with TrwnjhtnJ. motion of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon; nor would ' he agree with the noble Lord Jus friend, to thank him for the motion until he saw farther im the design of the npble Lord, by the manner in which this committee was formed, and the powers with which it was furnished for accompltshing with effect the purpose for which they were appointed. It was a business of the utmost importance; and if the inquiry was carried on with Heady and determined ipinds; if no party considerations were permitted to have influence; and if no fee ret management was foflsred to intervene, then he should thank the noble Lord, and think himself called upon to do ( o, because then the noble Lord would act with wisdom and energy, and do his heft to retrieve calamities which perhaps thedmbecility or the corruption of his administration had had a very confiaerable share in bringing about. Without open ness, without impartiality, without entering upon it free from all motives of baseness and degeneracy, it would fail of the desired end; it would be a mockery or justice. He observed that a person high in office ( hook his head at the mention of impartiality. —rlt was an ominous sign; but he yet trusted we meant to make this inquiry a serious 6ne. We had facrified enough to patronage and partiality; and the unhappy system of the present ministry had been sufficiently fatal in its consequence ? in the East, as it had been in the West. He thanked God that no friend of his could bfe affected by the issue of the present inquiry. He did not mean by this to point out indi - Yiduals, who poifibly might be aftedted by it; but after having ( at so long in that House, he was not to learn that there were a body of ipen distinguished, arid properly so, by the name of " Nabob members, " who found particular favour la the eyes of ministers, whatever might be the means by which their fortunes were acquired.

It was pbfervable of those gentlemen, that very soon after t they came into the House, a material distin&ion was made

between them and country gentlemen; and, some bow or other, decorated with titles or with honour, they were

introduced into feme share of the administration, ' they were leen in that House aspiring to honours by servility; —ptudtmt frsenomine molia auricula; they were observed with their titles

an

A lySf,

DEBATES,

18#

tai liftinguishing appellations thralling up towards the trea - fhry - bench, and ] no men Were fa obedient, so ufefal, or so necessary to the tnlnifter as them; the country had to attri - h « te to these men a gteat flwc of their calamities in the baneful example which they give of Asiatic luxury and Asiatic corruption. He said it was a circumstance which would tadly be denied, that that the support which the company’s servants bad received from ministers; the protection they had mn them when charged with peculation; and the rewards which they had bellowed on them when convicted of treachery, had been the great means of instigating those servants to go to lengths olf strafe unkown in former times .; and from which the ppefent calamities had been derived. It was now then a duty incumbent on that House to enter on the present injury with seriousness and with resolution, that the report ought go out to India, and reach the ears of the company’s servants, warning them against future peculation by the pro - Ipeft and the certainty of parliamentary correction. It was Aid, and he believed with some truth, that at this moment the nabob of Arcot had between seven and eight members in that House devoted to his service, and who were to fbpport the Minister, if the Miniller befriended him. Was not this a reason for making the present inquiry serious and determined, and not to fuller it to be like all former inquiries, a mere farce, a piece of political intrigue, by which the Mi - nifter was fereened, tl\at be might secure his friends.

Sir Thomas Rumhold rose, he said, at that early date afterSir thing fas admission into that House, in conference ot some mat - - ten and infinUations that had fallen from the honourable gentleman who spoke lall, and which evidently hinted at his Stuation. In respect to the inquiry proposed by the noble Lord, he not only agreed in the propriety of it, but also thought it exceedingly necessary and becoming. The litua « - tion and stateof our affairs in India were such as to require the scheij and serious investigation of Parliament, and there was nothing which he more ardently desired than that the whole of this business should be thoroughly and fairly examined.

At one time he was afraid that India affairs were not to be taken up in that House at all, and he was sorry that it was now so late in the fession; he considered it as necessary that the matter ofeinquiry should go farther than the immediate object of the ei falter in the Carnatic; indeed in his opinion it nraft go ftrther. The Parliamentary agreement with the company, which had taken place in the year 1773, ougkt to be the date from which the inquiry should let out. That

contract

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

contradfc was avowedly iuterwjed s. an exgejjxn$nt of regulation and government. ItougKt to be inquired whether thp plan settled Parliament fiaa been productive of ( alutary otk detrimental effe6Vs to the, commerce, the revenue, the estab lishment, and the security, of the company ., / The noble Lordy had decided of that agreement, that he coiild pot gnfwer foj the consequences, hut that he meant to try them, and etthen to repeal of alter, and amend it, just as its operations ihouldf turnout. That act had n6W exi fled for abput. eight years and its, effect might be pretty well ascertained, and fureiy in, the prefen t object, it ought Jo be inquired whether it had tended to conciliate or inflame the powers of India, to restore una - nimity or give rife to difTentions. In fa&, the present war wa comie&ed with the buflness of this term, and he did not fe how it could be possible for the committee to inquire into tha causes of this war, and this calamity, without reviewing the conduct of the presidencies during this period, and the effect of the regulations introduced by the last settlemeqt. Thi scale of inquiry would, he was convinced,. have been mor4 likely to produce a good effect than the qarrow one marked out by the noble Lord; and indeed, without examining intQ the history of the wars in the different parts of India for forue years past, it would be imppllible to come at the true causes of the late disasters in the Cqrnatic; a matter which he fin cerely hoped would be fully gone into, because he knew that the more deeply the matter was probed, the more evident would appear that his conduct in India, ( whence it was well known he had lately returned, after having held a high office there, ) was justifiable in every part of it.

With respe£I to the institution of the committee, undout ? cdly it would be very unbecoming of him, circumstanced as "he was, to be a member of it; and indeed it was a matter, which he, by no means desired; but though he was aware that a secret committee was better calculated to do business with dispatch and effect than an open one, yet there was fomer thing about that word secrecy, which he could not say was perfectly satisfactory to him. In the course of this inquiry it would be found that there was very great intricacy ax a much labour. It would be difficult, amidst the voluminous mafies of papers which they must necessarily have before "them, to fele& such as immediately pointed jo the object of the inquiry; it would be difficult for them to call for fu < Ji by name as directly went to that end and in tfce multiplicity of work, and the difficulty, they would have much need of assistance and aid from gentlemen, who, being in office

A ! 781.

DEBATE S.

Lithe thtoe, N nd interested in the business, would naturally fe more acquainted with those objects. An honourable member of that House, who was in the council of Bengal, and himself, who had been the governor of Madras, might be of dfential service to the committee in this respect, and he took the liberty to lbggeft this to the House, without indeed having confuited the inebriat ion of the other ' gentlemen, in order tttat feme method might be settled by which this opportunity Alight be given them. In order to shew the necessity of this fftatter, be gave an instance, material to hhriieif,. in which tte council of Bengal had written a letter to that of Madras, Ufcthe subject of a treaty which had been entered into with the of the country powers, whose name we do nor precisely IjColleft. In this letter they declare that they had not writ - « n to Madras since the 29th of October, 1775, when they ifire&ed the council of Madras not to conclude that treaty irithout farther advice and authority; and that1 having done Jb, it was tonttaryto the kws of the company, as settled by Ute hft charter. This letter, oortiing from a council - board, Altered regularly on the recdnltrbf the court, could hardly be Conceived to be Fnaccurate witfh respect to ft boitit of such Importance as tdfhe m&tt df ' fidSI; and frttnufh, that •kord, either fhrough the mifiiiformation or negligence of office, or through the hurry and the confufton of business, it Was mcorredf; ror they had Written letters to the council of Madras, fobf&pient toO&ober, 1775, in which they had given diprcfs diredf tons for the conclusion of that treaty. This fa& Would serve to point otft‘to The House the necessity of the fiftanco which he had mentioned : for it woilA not readily, Ctcnr to ' then, ' Who were rtot immediately concerned in the latter, that there could be so material un error of office as flat which lie haft pointed out. It would therefore, by such Cpportunfty, be in his power to lead the committee to such papers as wduld vindicate his chata6ter. It was his wish that every part of his conduct, as governor of Madrt3, should Ife fairly and folly gone into. He only desired to have a fair tfel; for in his government it had b$en throughout his study Ad his wish to p sue the intereils of the company, and to fillbw the rules awl orders prescribed for the servants. But it was fuggeltetbt the honourable gentleman, who fpokelaft, there ' Werfe nabob members in that House, who having fdrttmes by peculation, were patronised by ted and aggrandised. For his oWn part ddchre that there never was a moment at % j ) rich. he so much desired, x > x could desire, to have a feat iu Vi 1 v,.. that

PARLIAMENTARY Aj ijtfii

that House. as the present. The House could be at no loss to divine his motives. He was anxious to meet inquiry, from the conviction that a map could. always explain his own case himself, efpecjally when it was full of the intricacies that his mud rieceflarily be. He did allure the honourable htleman that he had too jud an ide of the weakness of his talents, to fancy that they could give hiiii any importance in that House : The vote of one man, or even of two, could no % possibly give him much intered; or even claim the favour of a smile, or awhifper, from the minider. He had only feed hiip once. since his arrival from Indi and then he had addreded him in this manner : " My Lord, I desire no other than a fair opportunity of vindicating my conduit and character : and that when I mail have the happiness of ascertaining ray innocence I may have the honour of your protection, and that you will not luster me to be sacrificed to party. " This was the language which he had held, and this was the reason which had made him anxious for a feat in that House. The House were not to learn, that there had been a great deal of invective and calumny in circulation, by which prejudices were conveyed to the minds of the public, and much misrepresentation had gone abroad. It had been but too long and too fatally the fydem of Indian management It was a traffic to which, however, he had never had the meanness to descend. The time that he entered on his government was very well calculated ( of the exercise of the pen; there was sufficient room for libel and flander; but he had scorned the" contemptible pra&ico. He had disdained the reputation which was to be supported or advanced by throwing obloquy upon others. He wished only for opportunity and candour in this House, in the court of proprietors, or in the courts below; he desired, to meet inquiry, and court trial with openness and with confidence, ana he exceedingly desired, that in this committee, the : - opportunity might be given him, which he had pointed out as necessary ana proper.

Off Mr Gregory expreded his satisfaction, that the prefen inquiry was to come on, and he traded that it would not be a mockery of judice, nor mixed with party i ntereda and party friendships, to the insult and the injiflq of the company and of the kingdom. It wap very true that the buuncU would be very intricate and complex. There would be oc - caiion for many volumes of papers; and as to the fear expreded by the honourable gentleman who spoke lad, that die committee, would not be furnished with the proper papers, he would make it his dudy to watch with a narrow eye, that i no

85

it. 17&I D B A If C S.

ho concealments might be made, and no papers or in formation denied them, that might be necessaty or useful in The prosecution of the inquiry < He pledged himVelf to the

House,. that, if any such cftcumftarice IhouW occur, he would move in his place for the mod exemplary censure and punishment that could be inflicted on the man, or frc of men; rim Ihmld b ' guilty of this offence; and he called upon the House to alfift and support him injthis talk *

Sir Thomas Rumkold rose to explain what he had before said *

The honourable gentleman had entirely ditfconceived him; Rumb ld. he ha - i not suspected that any papers would be withheld from the committee, but had merely « spoken of the difficulty of the committees knowing what papers were ‘necessary f > r their inspe&ion, and what were not. For instance, the Dapers of # the Madrass government, during his having the honour to preside there, were so extremely voltimnious, that the committee might search for five months after a particular passage; whereas if he was present, from knowing them perfectly be could point it out to the committee in five minutes.

Mr. Burke, in a speech full of the most forcible and clou

quest arguments, pointed out and urged the propriety rendering the committee open, instead of secret; The honourable Baronet had desired a very proper and fit thing, the opportunity of vindicating his chara£ler from charge and af - perlion. By making it a committee of selection, in Head of a committee of secresy, that opportunity might be given; and by this attendance and the attendance of other honourable gentlemen, the most advantageous assistance would re - fult to the committee in pointing nut to them such papers as were material in the inquiry. I he honourable gentleman would be of great service « to the committee by attending in this manner j at the same time, that on account of his pecu liar circumstances, he would be very improper to fit as a member of it; and he was himself convinced of this tru h.

It as in the nature of a ' judicial inqunyyand bein - aju - dicial inquiry, it < - u ? ht to be of n, unlclis they intended it ' to be a mockery of justice, instituted to quiet the murmurs of the moment; be bewun w > tH h < at, and broken off with hisse. Oper ? in medio defixa relinquit aratra. In this in -

quiry, the fortunes, the lives, of many inomdual we e at ftake; and it was a principle of the law and the justice of Great - Britain, that her judicial proceedings should t. e con dueled in the face of day. ft wduld be an imputation upon the country, if pul ) bc punishment, or even public acquittal, lhnuld follow private trial. left suspicipns of gush upon Voi. ill. B b 4 the

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781 -

the man that was innocent, as it gave room to jealous con - clufiona of innocence on a verdict of guilt. It was always die nature of secrecy to inspire suspicion; and it was the virtue, the glory of the British law, the cause for which it was venerated and applauded among nations, that it was admini - ftered in public. That which threw imputation and obloquy upon the judicial trials of despotic states was, that their trl - ak were secret, that they were kept concealed from the investiy gating world, by which their partiality and their injustice migm be covered; by which they might favour without dete&iofi or deviate with impunity.

What was it that made the Spanish inquisition so obnoxi ous and detestable ? Not the principles of the institution for they were founded in many instances in substantial justice and in admirable policy; but the conduit of the court rendered it abhorrent to nations > the secresy of their proceedings poisoned the justice, and bred fofpicions in the minds of men, which neither their purity nor their impartiality could wipe away. The general. rgument against their tribunal, was simply thi «, that men could not know whether they condemned with justice, or acquitted with honour.

Perhaps it might be fjiJ, that in the present case the pubr licity of the enquiry might lead to difclosures, of which the enemies might avail themselves to our disadvantage. This was a Ifentiment founded in error. No such consequences could arise. It was not in the nature of things that secrets could arise, of which the enemy were not already in the possession, nr if they were not, from the circUmnancesof the ficuation, they could be of nolervice to them; since by this time the struggle must be decided, or at lead the posture of affairs fochanged, as to render those secrets inllgnificant. Secrets of ineffiracy, of treachery, or of Corruption, were the bane of governments. He never knew of a ilate that had been ruined by the openness of its iydena by Its readiness to search into its di ( tempers, and to lay bare its wounds; but he had heard and read of many that had been ruined by the timorous secrecy of their proceedings, by the concealments which they observed in their inferior branches and dependencies j by which corruption and disease were suffered to gather head, ilnttj when they butft into eruptions, they were too formidable for remedy, and withstood all the powers of physic. Such was always the effdt of jealous and timid secrecy in the system of government; and nothing could tend so much to the confirmation of calamity as a timid concealment of its exigence.

Make, fays he, your enquiry open, full, comprebenfive, and public, and what would be the consequences ? You

would

Lvflu DEBATES.

wttili give consequence to the Bates that surround you in In you would teach them to look to Britain with a degree rrfiice add respe&, and shew them, that, from no ir, and from no power, they could expect such equal and such permanent security, as will fldw from you. ' has been the cause of all your difaften, but the secrets ' had been observed in those enquiries ? What is k as alienated the affe&iotis of surroundinn nations, and nude die oame of England hateful in the East, from Mount Gfocafas to Cape Cornorin ? What but the profie&itm which luSjpien given to delinquents, the blindoefs which has fub 6min the Bate, and the licence that has consequently been tffcfn by the servants of the company to invade property, to Ijf rapacious of dominion, to violate treaties, to outrage fl ttourhood, to sacrifice faith, and to make enemies on werf Kand ? It is this that has forced those nations to con -

Severy Bate as their friend, that would take them under protection instead of you. They have aUb considered thecnoft despotic empires as more liberal than Britain ., Rc - then your principle, since it is founded in vice, and pro - Jira#rc of calamity. EBablish a generous principle in its ~ rm, of fair, and full, and public justice. Shew them that

tj&jue determined to become the protedors, not. the of - wfers, of the country. ' That you wish to hold your autho - the solid rock of their happiness. Consider that there ‘ty millions of fouls involved in this affair; and as you maintain your government by mere power, study to pwfte it by policy. Let there be no private business nof pftitefpterefts to interfere in this inquiry; no one set of n#i to protect and five; no other to harrass and destroy. Pit not be confined to the mere disaster in the Carnatic; affirm it your investigation to points so little in the important of the business $ to the defence of a pass; to the jMfcness of one place, and the quantity of Bores in another, _ /Me are the mere pustules, the er. up ions on the lkin, and itttybu are intent of the examination of these, you neglect uitTeal feat of the disease, which is in the blood, from the btifuption of which these appearances have their rife. The wRontof government ought to be applied and exerted, not ffftruch to the cure as to the prevention of the disease. It ct ht to have the fenfeand the penetration to anti < r ate consequences in their causes; —to fee them in their appr > ch, 5q to ward off, ' by feaknable preventives, the impending Kb#. This Is the true duty as well as the virtue of govern *

B b a ment f

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 178ft

ment; and ft is in the exercise of this salutary wisdom that it is able to give security and ' happiness to the governed. Let us then, in this inquiry, go into the whole of this inipor— tint bufinelg. Let nothing be concealed ;, but let us trace the conduit of those subordinare governments from the date of the last charter to the prefrnt hour : and let us enter on this inqu rv with a determined spirit to fereen no delinquent from punishment, however high; to perfecucc no innocent man, however unfortunate. What will be the cor. sequences of this conduit ? You will reunite the nations that fu < round /you irv ' bonds of trust and friendship. You will shew your own fetvants that nothing but the faithful discharge of their duty can recommend them to reward, or secure to them the enjoyment of the fortunes they may acquiref You will teach the people that live under you, that it is their inteceft to be your fuhjeXs -; and that, instead of courting the French, the Dutch, the Danes, or any other state, under heaven, to protclfc them, they ought only to be anxious to preserve their connexion with you; because, from y - u only they had to cx pfex public proceeding, public trial, public justice. Do this, and you L ' ive a neceflVy example to your servants; you give happfness to your subjects; you give confidence to your neighbours; you give oefpair to your enemies. hurope would stand astonished and awed by your conduX. They would fee a system of government formidable from its puriry, permanent from its use. In all justice, as in all government, the best and surest test of excellence, is the publicity of its administration; for, wherever there is secrecy, there is implied injustiee. When the eyes of men went along with the judge, when they could fee and investigate the procedure, then the justice was complete. Even in the awful judgment of the world, at the last day, we ary taught, in the Scriptures, that God will concefcend to manif ft his ways to man. His judgment will be public. What then, shall p < or, finite, limited man, ' incumbered with passions and prejudices, presume to judge in secret of man, when his almighty Parent declares that even his ways shall be public and open ! We are called - upon by every argument of morality and of policy, by every precept of religion and of duty, to make that justice, which we reverence, as public as the noon - day fun. It has been the sentiment and the ftnfe of all ages. 44 Let me fight with Jupiter, " fays Ajax, 44 but give me day - light. ’ Let me have condemnation or let nie have acquittal in the face of day. The acquittal that i$ secret cannot bg honourable,

v ^.

189

A1781. DEBATES *

ahl *; it leaves a stain even upon innocence. The condemnation that is fecrec cannot be just; it leavrs a prejuJice in favour of the criminal injurious to the tribunal by whom he was tried. The members of this committee must be pained at the idea of their being forced to fit in judgment, and to acquit or condemn in private. He had betn for some weeks engaged in a committee up flairs, which was open; and it had been : he greareft confofation to his mind that it was so; since in judging of the condudf of the judges in India, he knew that he was ? cting in the face of men, and that his behaviour was known to the world. Hut what must have been his difq lietude and anxiety if he had been appointed by that House to judge and determine in the dark ? At the same time the very fegrecy itself would be destroyed in the end; for in c fe of a report being made by this committee, which should induce the House to charge members of that House with high crimes and misdemeanors, and impeach them before the Lords, or move an andrefs for their trial in the courts below, the House would think it necessary, before, thetr agreement with such a report, to call for all the proceedings of that committee, and consequently all the secrets, must come out. There therefore could be no reason. for a committee of secrecy; a committee of fclctftion it ought to be, and such he moil earnestly recommended to the noble Lord; and called upon him, by every argument of policy and prudence, of liberality and of justice, to adopt the latter.

The Secretary at War contended, the honourable gentleman The rebad mistaken the object of the proposed enquiry; for it was at ir not a judicial one : it was not meant that the committee should decide on the conduct of any man, much less proceed to pu - nish : their bufinel ' s would be Amply to report fa£h, without giving any opinion upon them; and, if those facts shoula appear to the House as grounds of accusation against any individual, he would then have an opportunity of defending himself, and the proceedings against him woula be public. It Would even be the duty of the members, when they went into this committee, to presume that no man was guilty, and through the whole of their proceedings to confine themselves limply to fad}. As to what the honourable gentleman said, in respedk to proceedings in the dark, could not be applicable to this committee, for their proceedings would all come out in the end, if any suspicion should arise to induce the House to call for their minutes; therefore the honourable gentlemen’s objection to secrecy was removed; and as unquestionably a committee

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

ifiittfce of the nature proposed, could proceed with greater dispatch than any other, it was evidently on that account to be preferred.

Mr. Fox said, that if he had any doubts before, whether his h6nourable friend was right in opposing a committee of Secrecy, those doubts must have been removed by the honourable gentleman who fppke lall; it clearly appearing that the very nature and duty of the proposed enquiry had been entirely misunderstood, and consequently the execution of it was not like to prove very satisfactory, if it was not under the controul of the public eye. The honourable gentleman had said that the committee was only to report fa£h; very true, but those facts it flioula be remembered were causes; the motion said that the causes of the ar in the Carnatic were to be enquired into; now in flating facts of that kind, it was rather difficult not to give an opinion along with them. If the noble Lord would consent to an enquiry he had talked of the other day, ( into the causes of the American war, ) and would let him have the naming of the Secret committee, as his Lordship would no doubt have of that now in quefiion, he would undertake that nothing should be reported but fa£h in the honourable gentleman’s acceptation of them : and yet the noble Lord would not be inclined to have them received for such, lie would rather call them mere opinions; for instance perhaps they might report that tliO causes of the American war were the influence of the crown and the corruption of Parliament : or perhaps the obfHnacy, the impotence, or the treachery, of mini Hers. In that case, his Lordship and the honourable gentleman would both be inclined to think the committee had given along with the facts they were to inquire about, opinion and accusation too. It was true, indeed, if the proposed committe should judge of causes as the noble Lord, in his Simple and ingenious style of reasoning, Sometimes did; nothing but facts would, in all pro - bability, be reported, for they would only inform the House that Hyder Ally was the cause of Hyder Ally’s invasion.

The honouraDfe gentleman had said that the committee ifras to presume that nobody was guilty; a very strange pre - Sumption indeed that would be; our Settlements in the East Indies were reduced from a moil, glorious fble of prosperitr, almost to ruin, and yet nobody was in fault ! natural causes only had produced such melancnoly effe < 5ls. This was an idea he was not surprised to find entertained and profeffed by the honourable gentleman, for it was evidently his interest, and that of his colleagues in administration, to make the world be / lieve

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Ueve if. poffibfe that a mighty empire might be torn to pieces add ruined, yet nobody be in fault; this was peculiarly their interest to - day, when it mu ft be remembered that in the last tfeek this country met the completion of her disgrace; that the hft Tuesday’s Gazette proclaimed our degradation to the world.

Here the House appeared astonished, and anxious to hear the honourable member explain himself. He took notice of this, andsaid he alluded to the prohibition on our fleets to attack the French in the Baltic. He declared that the proclamation, contained in the Gazette of Tuesday sevennight, did absolutely abandon the great boast and pride of the nation, the empire of the leas. It gave up not only all claim to the pretended fove - reignty which we enjoyed, but also in part acknowledged a lu - perior power in a particular sea. 1 his he considered as the death stroke of our naval grandeur and importance. From that moment we became an humbled and circumscribed empire. In that proclamation our shipsof war are - directed not to fight with any of our enemies in the Baltic. Whatever nay be the provocation, whatever may be the danger or the necessity, they must not dare to fight in that sea, because it is diiagreeabie to the emprefe of Kuflia. We are the only state, of all those that are at war, who have condefccnded, or who have been forced, to make this submission.

Upon this a whisper went round the treasury bench, which Mr. Fox observing, declared they were inquiring for the contents of the Gazette. It was rather extraordinary that mini - Aen dtd not know what was published by their own authority; but, from the complexion of Gazettes, he concluded it was a paper too libellous and calumnious for their reading; and therefore gentlemen did not take it in, or know any thing about it.

He must now take notice of something that fell from an honourable gentleman who lpoke early in the debate, concerning his motive in coming into Parliament; they were undoubtedly very fair and honourable ones; but he was a little niftaken, in ( uppofing, that the noble Lord thought nothing of a Angie vote. To convince the honourable gentleman of this, he would tell him an anecdote of a secret committee, something ftmilar to that now proposed, of which he had the honour to Ua member. He said, lie had eight years ago beep not a little concerned in bofincf9 of somewhat a ftmilar n tqre to, what would now be the obje£Fof inquiry; and tjiat ) § the debates upon the supposed wealth of a noble Lord, now ao more, the late Lord Clive, that noble Lord was accused of

. peculation

, 9a PAlftLt AM £NT ARY, A. tjSf *

peculation, Ar that timp from the inquiry, he for one, was induced to think that the noble. Lord had possessed himself of 260, 000 !. in an improper manner, and that he ought to refund it. In this opinion he was strenuot fly supported by the noble Lord in the blue ribband, and another person, whose fkuation at the time made his conduct particularly laudable and becoming, ( the person he alluded to was the present Lori Chancellor, v; ho was, in 1773, Attorney - General ); he was. supported also by the present speaker, and yet with all the weight and power of this atfiftance, the noble Lord, who was accused, found means to render their endeavours to make him an example fruitlcls; and what was still more extraordinary, the very fame Lord of the treasury, who, had joined him it ) endeavouring to obtain justice against Lord Clive, in a very short t ' me afterwards raised that noble Lord to one of the highest confidential honours the Crown could bestow, by appointing him Lord - lieutenant of a county •, and Lord Clive who had, for a long time before, been in the habit of oppoflog administration, voted with them, and brought all his conuec tions with him, to vote for them ever afterwards. After fta - ting, these la£ls, Mr. Fox was wonderfully pleasant on Lord Clive’s joining administration, declaring, that he could account for it no other way, than by supposing that it arole from that noble Lord’s pity for a ministry, which he saw was so extremely weak, that it could not even carry a question of justice against him; and therefore be threw the weight of his influence, and all the support he could give into its scale, with a view to {Lengthen it.

The above inquiry furnished also a very convincing proof of the inefhcacy of inquiry in that House when his Majesty’s ministers intended it to be a mockery of justice. They began it with the view of imposing on the people, while they were secretly employed in fereening and protedting the men whom they publicly blamed, Juich would always be the nature and the end of inquiries when they were conduced with ( ecrecy. He therefore moll earnestly recommended a fe - lett committee as the only means by which substantial justice could be obtained, and by which the affairs of this country in India could be in any degree restored to their former state, Gen. Smith. General Smith laid, that he btbeved the state of our affairs was fuvh in that quarter of the world, that the noble Lord mu ft not dare to trifle and ( port with the public. We were now in the very last enfis of our fate, and the existence of our territories in the East must depend on the spirit and the

policy

G.

A. i ? 8i. ‘ D E B A. f fc

w

policy of the measures which were now to be purfaed. It W2$ for this reason that he wished to see the inquiry extended to the Marhatta war, and to alh the conduit of the prefi dendcs itnce the e&ablishment of the last regulations *

Mr Dnngfterrejoiced at the approaching inquiry, but re - Mr.

commended it to the noble Lord not to make a bargain with/4 the company for the renewal of their, charter for any fcngtfe of time just at this crisis, which he described as a most unfit season for it, but to continue the exclusive trade foy another far by a short bill. He said, the territorial possessions of the company, as well in the North as in the South tottered to their foundations just now; it would bfe equally injurious to the public and the company, therefore, to demand a large sum of money from them, while the state of their affairs was so unsettled.

Lord Norib rose to reply to Mr. Fox. His Lordship be - AvrK Jto by saying, that if the committee should find upon inquiry that the war in the Carnatic was owing to the rapacity hf Hyder Ally, of the avarice of any of the company’s fer - tants, they would undoubtedly say id; but if they were to mix opinion with their report; If they were to go farther, tod enter into an investigation and arraignment of the con - dost of particular persons, they would exceed the powers given them by his motion : all that he conceived to be their duty, was, to Report that they had examined such and such witnesses, read such and such papers, treaties. See. and so on; tod upon that report it Would be the buflness of the House to proceed; therefore he could not agree that they were to report opinions. With regard to the lecrecy of the committee, be repeated it, that the only reason for his wishing the committee to be a secret one was, that he conceived the bufi dHs might be done with much greater dlfpatch, and the reason why he had not extended his motion, in the manner the honourable gentleman, whofpoke last but one. had stated.

Was, because he wished to point the inquiry at so much and oo more of the affairs of India as would justify a reasonable hope that it might be compleated and reported in a moderate compass of time; it was not that he did not think the affairs of any other dtftri& of India besides the Carnatic unworthy of notice; on the contrary, he thought the affairs of the Bengal government and of every other part of India called hr inquiry, but he meant to take them up one by one, for the fake of greater ease and accuracy 5 and, con fide ring the in of the late transe&oas in the Cfcrnatic, that dif -

trift

49 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

tri& offered itself as the first and fittest ground of inquiry. With regard to what the honourable gentleman wljo spoke last had uated, as to this being an improper time to make a new bargain with the company, he could not help differing in opinion. Undoubtedly it was an improper time to expert a large fine as the price of the renewal of the charter; but he conceived it would be of efTeritial lcrvice, that it should be known abroad, that matters were settled in a more permanent manner between the company, and government, than by a short bill, from year to year only. In answer to : what IVIr. Fox had said about the Gazette and the proclamation, inserted last Tuesday, his Lordship declared, the northern powers had long since publicly asserted their resolution to preserve the peace of the Baltic, and that this nation had been materially benefitted by their adopting that measure. the preservation of our own interests therefore required, that we should prevent the violence, imprudence, or rapacity of the captain of any privateer, or letter of marque, from violating the resolution of the northern powers. As to the honourable gentleman’s charges against th < ? Gazette, as a paper not to be depended upon, he defied the honourable gentleman, or any person, to prove that government had at any time pubiifhefi what was untrue in the Gazette; extracts of letters they had given; but every gentleman must be aware, that during a war, ex - t falls only could be printed of several of the le. tters received from his Majesty’s officers commanding abroad,

Mr Fox. Mr. Fox orJcred the motion to be read; it turned out that they were not only " to inquire into the cause of the present war, " but also direlied, in the qonclufion, t€ to report their observations upon it. " The honourable gentleman, J in an admirable vein of satire, expol ' cd and ridiculed the noble Lord for not understanding the motion which he had made; and for laying that men could ascertain the causes of the war without exercising an opinion. He concluded, with moving an amendment, by leaving out the words u of fc - j crecy. "

Mr. Burke. Mr. Bur it seconded the motion, and pursued the fame admirable vein of ridicule. He said, that now the, noble Lord understood his case, he would certainly comply. He had been like a lawyer, he had spoken from a brief which he had not previously perused. It was often his misfortune to be obliged tP defend measures which he did not advise; but

. now

A. 27&1 *, D ( £ B A. X JE S.

tow the appeal was made from Philip sleeping to Philip awake, he trufled he Would adopt the amendment.

The noble Lord, he said, proved the necessity of aban - Zoning a committee of secrecy, and proposing one that ( boald ad under the inspection of others; for as he had ioifreported his own motion, how could he, if he should be one of the committee, fairly report their proceedings

In short, he said the predicament into which he had brought himself was this he bad attempted to impose upon the House and on the world; a mode of inquiry by which there would be a mockery of justice; and when the fallacy of this is det < fded and exposed, he flies to subterfuge, and endeavours to misrepresent what he can no longer maintain.

Such, he said, would always be the wretched resource of weak art,

Mr. Strachey rose and said, be mud take the liberty to say Mr. Str+,

a few words, in consequence of an assertion which had fallen from an honourabte gentleman [ Mr. Fox ] on the other fide of the House; an assertion made with great inaccuracy, and, he thought, with more illil > erality; for, he had atlerted, that the fele& committee, which fat eight years ago upon India affairs; which fat ( as he, Mr. fox, had with great propriety expressed himself ) in vengeance, had accused the hte Lord Clive of peculation; whereas the fad was, the committee made no such accusation, nor could they, for the power was not given to them; they had not power to report even an opinion to the House; some members of that sommittee; had, indeed, in their declamations, accused the noble Lord of peculation; the committee itself never did; the committee thought proper to inquire into the fortunes acquired by individuals in India, —they inquired into the noble Lord’s acquisitions; and in order to obtain the knowledge of them, put the question to himself : his fortune had been honourably acquired, and was openly avowed; he feru - pkd not to declare the amount to the committee : after die committee had ciofed their proceedings, and reported them to the House, the chairman of that committee [ General Burgoyne ] propoftd to the House a resolution, ievelled at Lord Clive, and which was intended to be followed with cenfureand confiscation of property. But he W3S defeated in the attempt, and the House of Commons, with great honour to Lord Clive, and perhaps with greater honour to themselves, passed a resolution, declaring that at the time he acquired h s

C c 2 fortutK,

14 ) 8 PARLIAMENTARY A.

Mr.

General

Burgynu

Mr

( bey.

fortune, ' he had performed great and meritorious service to his country. "

Mr Fix rose again, and said, that he had not in what he had said endeavoured or meant to throw any refledlion on the memory of Lord Clive, He had not said that the noble Lord was convicted of peculation by the jftoufe of pomrrpns. He had barely dated a fast, that the committee appointed to enquire into his condtid made a report to the House, by which he was said to have acquired a fortune of more than 269, coal contrary to the laws of thp company; and they ordered their chairman to move a question of censure; to which question of censure the minister pretended to giye his c 7nfent, but the minister’s friends were of a different ppinion, and a autftion of praise was substituted in its ( lead. This was the fad which he had ( fated, and he bad accompanied it with another, which Was, that after having approved of the motion of censure, the minister had bestowed upon Lord Clive one of the most ancient dignities in this country.

General Bargnynealio rose, he said, in consequence of the

ipfinuation contained in ttye honourable gentleman ' s speech, which meant to imply that he had, as chairman of that committee, made a motion, in which he was not warranted by the report, or by the fenfeof the committee, if this was whatthe honourable gentleman wished to infer, he mwft inform hiiq that he had hazarded an assertion in which he was unfounded, tie had, as chairman of that committee, followed their exp refs directions; and those di rest ions were given in the regular mode and practice of committees acting under the orders of that House.

Mr. Strachey said, he did not mean tp say tjiat Mr. Bur - goyne bad acted extrajqdiciaily.

The question was now called for, when the House divide on the amendment. Ayes, 80 \ noes, 34 -

The original moticji was then carried without a division.

May

The House agreed with the committee of supply on the re. port, that a sum, not exceeding 117, 608 !. 6s. 8d. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of eighty independent companies of foot, to be raised from the 25th of March, 1781, i to the 24th of December following, bein 27$ days.

That a sum, not exceeding 6010I. 3s gd. be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of additional companies, and additional to theembodied militia in South Britain, including clothing, for the year 1781.

That

4.

DEBATES.

That a sum, not exceeding 8, 452 !. 4s. 8d. be granted to his Majesty, to make good a deficiency on the pay of additional companies, and additional to the embodied militia in South Britain, including clothing, for the year 1780.

That ? sum not exceeding 1, 170 !. 16s. 4d. be granted to his Majesty, to make good a deficiency on the Turns voted in the lift session of Parliament, for defraying the pay of the two battalions of Lord Tohn Murray ’ ? regiment of foot, for the year 1780.

April 2.

Mr. Ord brought up the report of the Scrutineers of the ballot for the committee of secresy, appointed to inquire into the caafes of the war in the Carnatic, which was read by tht plfrk at the tabic, as follows

Robert Gregory. Esq.

egory 3

Sir Adam Ferguson, Bart.

249

ltol

160 x6o 160 58 157 1 7 15 6 5 *

140

146

45

H3

H3

Lord Advocate of Scotland Mf, Secretary at War Richard Jackson, Esq.

Attorney - General Solicitor - General Right Hon. Lord Lewilham ’ Thomas Orde, Esq.

' Archibald McDonald Hon. George Augustus North Hon. Philip Yorkc Hon. Thomas De Grey Right Hon. y/eljbore Ellis Sir George Howard, Knight liOrd North then rose; and moved, Lotiiftrtb

f That any fiye or more of the fifteen make a committee. *

Mr. Thoipai Town/hfrtd reminded the House, that in the Wr < course of his speafcing upon the subject before, he had fdg~ gelled his fiopep, that in a business of so much importance, there would be pothing of party attempted, but that the committee would be composed of persons of every description, and from each side of the House. At the time he said this, a veteran head was fli ken at the end of the treasury - bench [ Mr. W, Ellis ] which immediately blasted all his hopes, and pat an end to his expectations; from the complexion of the lift just read over, he was now fully convinced that be had not been wrong in his conjectures; forexclufiveof the honourable gentleman, who flood at the head of it, ( and whom the mi - mfter had not the modesty to pdfs by, ) and the representative

of

P A R L I A M E I TA RY A. 1781.

of Cambridgeshire, who was a very young member, the whole lift was composed of the tried friends of administration; men on whom the noble Lord could depend. So that be fairly owned he had now no hopes of its producing any good, it would belike all the former inquiries : it would end in disappointment, and would shew that the noble Lord did it only Xo deceive the nation. It had been his wish, that the committee should be a fair one, and he had offered, if the noble Lord would consent to choose any four of the gentlemen with whom he had the honour to a£V, that he would agree that eleven others should be added to them of the noble Lord’s nomination, but this proposal was rejected; he hoped, therefore, iince it had been made a party matter, and the noble Lord bad chosen not to trust any but his tried friends with the eonduft of the inquiry, that they would, from regard to their own credit as a party, take care that their proceedings were such as would bear examination, and answer the end which the public looked up to with anxiety and impatience. If they fereened ope set of men, and punished another, just as should best fall in with the views and desires of the minis - tcr, they would merit, and they might depend upon it, they would meet with, public condensation and public odium. And when he said this, he could nothelp owning, tfiat lie felt forae little alarm on con fide ring that the noble Lord had insisted on its being a secret corpmittee, and on confining the inquiry to a particular district of India, opposing every argument that had been offered to induce him to extend it to Bengal, though the wars in that presidency, and ihemeaftires adopted at Calcutta, were alferted by every gentleman, competent to speak on the subject, to have been the main spring and original cause of all our disasters in India, Besides, what added to his jealously was, the recollection of all the minister’s trans - a£ions at the Indja - House, and what had passed on several occasions. In particular he recollected a story, which was in print, and had never been contradicted to his knowledge; and this was, that the agent from the nabob, who came over here some years finer, had offered a considerable sum to the mi - nifter as a present from the nabob. Though he had the honour to be on very civil terms with the Duke of Grafton, he had never had an opportunity ofafkinghis Grace whether the story was founded or not; but as it had never been contradicted, he took it for granted it was, and he was the rather confirmed in this, from recollecting that the nabob’s agent

7&f. ‘ E > E BATES,

could not, at the time, have got a fe ’ at in Parliament, btft being nominated to a borough by the minister.

From the mention of this, Mr. Townsend went into a Complaint against the extension of the influence of the nabob in this country; and said it was reported, that the nabob had several members in that House; if it was true, that by fending a sum of money over to England, - he could feat eight oif ten members in that House, they were become the abje&, the most contemptible, set of beings in exigence, worse than the lowest feum of the earth. He also complained of the withholding the writs at the general election, and said he was then down in Wiltshire and Hampshire, attending his own election in the latter country; and that all the writs for the county of Wilts were witheld for a considerable time, and he believed ’ were in the hands of the nabob’s agent, Mr. Paul Benfleld; the very man, for whom the ministers had gone themselves, and forced every clerk in office to go, to the India - house to ballot, in order to prevent an inquiry from taking place On the grounds of several charges of mif - conduct in India. Mr. Townsend grew warm on this point, and said it was from the ministers fereening delinquents, when they came from India, that all the evils in that quarter of the globe had originated '; and if matters were suffered to go on there, as they had lately been cottdu&ed, odious and abhorrent as the conduct of the Spaniards on their first discovery and conquest of America, had universally been held to be, by every writer, who had treated upon the subject, still more odious and more detestable should we, as a nation, be looked upon for our conduct in India. After descanting for some time on rhis, Mr. Townsend went back to the fub - jedof the ballot fora fee ret committee, and said he could not help remarking, that when the committee of ferutineers were appointed, the noble Lord in the blue ribbon was remarkably vociferous in nominating his own friends, and was lfo nominated himself, which struck him as very extraordinary; the committee of the preceding day being, he believed, the first committee of ferutineers that ever had the honour of a blue ribband in it. Another circumstance, which he thought liable to some suspicion, was, that three members ’ of Parliament, who went into the room where the fcruti - ncers were examining the ballot, were, he understood, turned out; on this occasion, he would mention names; the gen - demen he meant therefore were, Sir Harboard Harboard, Sir. William Goifc, and Sir Robert Lawlfeymen not remarkable

•o®

Mr. Qri,

sw r. y.

Ckrke.

PAUlAMENTAfcY A. t 8i *

for thfe turbulence of their temper, nor very - likely to have given the committee of ferutineers any great interruption; he could not help saying, that this, with other circumstances, conspired to create a doubt of the good that would ensue front the committee; and in particular, he said, it reminded him of a ( lory be had once heard. A man, named Jonas, whole profession, he believed, was pretty generally known to the Jfoufe. was down once at a public watering - place, and happened to walk into a room where some persons were playing at hazard; Jonas continued a looker on for some time, and, as it appeared afterwards, was a closer observer than the persons at play liked; for, when he went away, a waiter was dispatched after him, to tell him, that he must not go into that room again. Surprised at this meilage, Jonas acted, if be had given any offence to either of the persons who were playing ? He was answered, that he had not, but that they did not choose any should look on but those who played the fame game with themselves. This seemed to have been pretty much the case with the committee of ferutineers. Before Mr. Townsend fat down, he repeated his hopes, that the committee would not become the pliant tools of the minister, and aim at carrying his wishes into practice, by fcrcen - ing his friends, rather than do strict justice, by bringing the guilty, or those who should appear to be guilty, be they whom they might, before the bar of the public *

Mr. Ord rose to date, that not being aware that the com -

mittee of ferutineers was an open committee, he had on ob - serving the three members ( mentioned by the honourable gentlemen ) in the room, while the committee were feruti - niiing the ballot, publicly aiked if it was right that they should be present; on which they withdrew; but on his being informed that it was an open committee, they were called to, and requested to come back. Mr. Ord aid he thought it right to give this explanation, in order to refeue the committee of ferutineers from blame; because if any blame were due, it were due to him alone.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke condemned the secret and felcft committees that had been chosen in 1772, and the resultof them; charging them with having done no service to the public, and aferibing all the evil confeauences, that had fol ' lowed them, to the miniiler’s interference in appointing them. In like manner he laid, the minister was acting now; for he had ( een clearly, that those, who generally voted with administration, had been complaisant enough to ballot for

what

i6i

A - 17811 DEBATES.

what was called the treasury - lid. Sir Philip said, he differed from his honourable friend, with regard to the having the secret committee consist of four of their friends, and eleven friends of the minister ’ s; he had rather, as the case wad circumdanced, have the whole committee of the lattei’s appointing, because he did not wish that any of his friends ihonld share in the guilt; for if the result of the inquiry was such as he expected, he mud of necessity be obliged to consider any of his friends, who were on the committee, as 9

tipies criminiu

The Lord Advocate said, it was not his intention to have i rd jdv

spoken to the motion, but some matters had fallen from the f te. honourable gentleman who spoke fiirfk in the debate as well as the honourable gentleman who spoke lad, upon which he was not disposed to ( it in fllence. And fird, with regard to the honourable gentleman that spoke lad, all that he bad said relative to the appointment of the select and lecret committees which fat some years since, and of their proceedings, was founded on a total want of recollection of the facts to which the honourable gentleman had referred. Those committees were not appointed by the minister, nor had they afied under his influence and nothing was more true than that they had done as essential services to their country as any committees that ever were chosen. But he was a little surprised to hear the honourable gentleman charge the minister with blame on the ground of the proceedings of those committees, because it had been dated no longer since than on Monday lad, and that, by an honourable gentleman, not remarkable for allowing the noble Lord in the blue ribband more credit than was fairly due to him, that the noble Lord had taken an active part against the supposed delinquent, Lord Clive, and was one of a very small minority in a division on a motion to treat that nobleman with some degree of rigour, The fa£l however was, as he had Hated; the honourable gentleman had altogether forgot the whole buflness of those committees, and had talked of the proceedings of the one as the proceedings of the other, and had for ally confounded what the lad did with what was done by the fird, So much therefore for thathonouable gentleman’s argument; with regard to what the other gentleman had though proper to insinuate about the {committee jud chosen, as it they were likely to screen one let of men and punish another, jult as the minider pleased; however ' the honourable gentleman might think that lort of language would render him choleric, he did af - Vol. Ill, Dd sure

20 *

PARLIAMENTARY

A. ij8i,

sese hirt ),. it occasioned sensations of a very different nature in his mind. As one of the committee, it would not become him to speak prematurely upon the head of what they should do; thus far, however, he might be permitted to go, namely, to exprest his firm belief, that in the course of their proceedings they would aX up to their charters, and do - nothing but what became them as men of honour. At the same time he could not hut observe, that it was neither civil to the gentlemen themselves, nor perfeXly parliamentary, for any honourable gentleman in the course of debate to throw out imputations against them, which no man breathing would dare to insinuate without doors, and which no one gentleman would presume to make to another, in any other place but in that House. What was there in any of the charaXers of the gentleman chosen upon the committee, that justified the idea of their being likely to do an aX of injustice to please a minister, or to please any other man living ? Or, what reason could any honourable gentleman urge in support of an iniinuation so disgraceful in its nature, as an insinuation that they would not conduX themselves in the committee with a ftriX regard to the principles of honour ? The objcX before them was of the first impoitance to the country, and the moment of their inquiry extremely critical; was it likely then that any gentleman could be so totally loft to all rfcgard to his own charaXer, should so entirely forget what was due ro the public, and what was due to himself, as on a subje£V and at a time so uncommonly interesting, to suffer himself to be biafted or blinded by any prejudices or any connexions ' whatever. If there were any such, and if it should hereafter appear that the committee fell under this description, he was as ready to own as any gentleman on the other nde could be, that they would be the most infamous of men, and that they would deserve to be branded with infamy by every rank and order of people. At that moment, the committee, not having proceeded any one step, they were as pure as the children that were unborn; that lie presumed would readily be admitted, and though he was aware that every part of their conduX would be ftriXly watched, and examined with a jealous eye, though he was certain their efforts were likely to be misconccived,. and in all probability studiously mifre - presented, he trusted that they would proceed boldly and firmly in the business, that a majority of that House had cholen them to transaX, with a rooted contempt for all mif - representation and obloquy that could be thrown on them,

and

A. 1781. DEBATES. a 3

and at the faihe time with a determined refblution to fcteen no man, but to report the truth, let it tend to criminate whom it would.

The learned Lord, ' after this, said, he had taken no part if ! the debate of the other day; but, as he was up, he would say a few words on the argument respectine the committee’s inga secret one; and as he liked to speak his mind explicitly, he made no scruple to avow, that he preferred a secret committee, on the present occasion to an open one, being convinced that much good might be expected from a committee constituted as the present was, and, at the same time, pretty fore that no business whatever, that would have produced beneficial conferences, could have done by an open one. in order to explain his reasons for entertaining this opinion, fie said, the committee would of course, have a variety of papers submitted to their inspection, to which they were stranger6, " and therefore would have as it were, to find their way in thq dark upon the business : in the execution of a talk of this nature, a variety of suspicions would arise in the different minds of the different members, which it would be highly necessary they should communicate to one another, in order to come at the truth; that it would be extremely improper for five hundred witnesses to listen to such conversation, by which many parts of what was said, would be published next day in the newspapers, and injuriously and falsely commented upon. And this argument, so far from its being weakened, in consequence of the probability that the result of their proceedings might tend to criminate any individual or any set of men, was in his mind much strengthened from that consideration; for what could be more injurious than that the conduct of an individual, which was likely to become the subject of a judicial examination and trial, mould in any degree be pre - judged. From the very nature of the case, if conJidered in that point of view, common justice required that the proceedings of the committee, like the proceedings of a grand jury, should be secret, ami not known till they had made a report, which being the result of their whole inquiry, would confer questly be a fair ( late of fa < 5ls.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerkclaid a few words in explanation of sir p. J.

his former speech. Clerke.

Mr. Byng asserted, that every argument advanced by the &jr.

learned Lord, applied rather to an open than a secret com -

mittee. Mr. Byng aiked how the committee was to be watched when they proceeded secret ] y ? To watch them, was

Dda ' what

204

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

what he wiftied, and therefore he had desired shat the commi tree might be an open one.

The Lord Advocate hiid, when they made their report, every part of it, he was aware, would be strictly ferutinifed and examined, which was what he meant by the committee being sure to be watched.

HtSiurner, Mr. Turuer made a short speech, after which the motion was put and carried.

It was then moved and agreed to,

iC That the committee have liberty to call for and iofpe& books and papers belonging to the company.

uThat the committee have liberty to adjourn, from time to time, and from place to place. And

u That the committee have liberty to fit, notwithstanding the adjournment of the House. "

As the public curiosity was very much excited with regard to the conduct and result of this enquiry, we took the tirft opportunity of laying before our readers the two reports which were made by the committee, and which were ordered to be printed for the use of the members. These reports arc inserted in page i to page 136 of this volume.

The Solid - The Solicitor General then acquainted the House that be for entrai. a proportion to make, which he held to be very necessary for the support of religion and morality. A practice, he said, had of late obtained, of opening places of amusement on the Sunday; some were held out as places of mere amusement, others as places of instruction, where religious questions were agitated. Of the first description was Carlisle - house where, for the seeming purpose of walking, and drinking tea and coffee, persons abandoned to all l ' enfe of shame, of decency, and religion, made it a point to resort. 1 hole persons profcflionally invited the public to immorality; virtue was undermined, and religion was of course sacrificed to vice. In the places set apart for debating religious quefliorw, religion was trampled under foot, by ignorant people, who wished to acquire a reputation for eloquence in an assembly

read two advertisements, the one for a Theological Society, in High Holborn, where the existence of the Trinity, was the theme proposed for difeuffion; the other for a Theological Academy, at the Museum, Spring - gardens, for bringing forward a difTertation about the exigence or noo - exilienee of purgatory. He left it to the House, to determine fyhether it was likely that religion or morality could be pro -

composed of t}ie low, the vulgar, and the illiterate. He

moted

K 1781. DEBATES, ao$

moted in such assemblies. Complaints, he said, had been made to icveral of the hi ( hops; and they would have brought a bill into the Upper House, for retraining such assemblies, if they had not been prevented by the rules and practice of the Lower House, which would not content that any bill for levying money on the subject should originate in the House of Lords, and a bill of this nature would be deemed a money - bill; because it was to operate by fine. He then moved for leave to bring in a bill for preventing certain abuses and pro fa nations of the Lord’s - day, commonly called Sunday. He just observed, that if the House should think it proper to re - strain such meetings as he alluded to, it would be necessary to pass an a & for the purpose, as no law exided at present by which they could be prevented.

Sir William Dclben seconded the motion; because he was Sir William convinced, he said, that those assemblies were inimical to religion; for in those meetings he understood, that moil of those who knew how to speak at all were freethinkers, and jconfequently against, not for, religion.

Mr. C. Turntr was exasperated at the idea of bringing in a Mr. hill, which in his opinion, was little better than introducing an inquisition in religion. What had a man to do with the religion of his neighbour ? it was acting between him and the Deity; and no earthly power ought to interfere between them. King William had disgraced himself by intolerancy, or tyranny in religion; this was a blot in his escutcheon

? nd he would declare it, though he wore his buttons.

Our religion, he said, was good for nothing, if it would not bear difcullion and enquiry; the more it was examined and inycfligated the better. Mr. Turner pursued this argument fpme time, and laid, no person in the kingdom, nor in the world, had any thing to do with religion; it was a matter between a man and his Maker, and did not depend on any eanhly potentate, nor on any pried, let him be of what descriptijOQ he would. He took occasion also, to ridicule learning, that fort of learning which the schools so much admired, and wfrich dudied argument more than truth. He aid, it did more harm than good; a learned man, in the Parliamentary l ’ enfc, was he who could bed puzzle a cause and jniflead plain men, and < i < lude them out of their senses.

Those men with black gowns and great wigs who fat on the right and the left of the minider, and who were generally ready to take either the right hand or the left of a cauie, were called learned men; and he had no scruple to say, that,

on

> 96

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

on observation of their conduct, he considered them as the greatest enemies of the constitution. He would have no objection to see that. House rid of them, although it might again receive the name of Parliamentum indoflum. He concluded

with conjuring the House not to blast the Protestant religion so much as to accede to the motion.

j$ ) r Gurge Sir George Tonge disapproved the practice of advertiiing re - ligiovs questions, as well as the learned gentleman; but Hill, as he had not produced a ( ingle proof that any mischief had arisen from it, he ought not to expect that the House would proceed to restrain meetings, which no proof had demon - ( Irated to be irregular. He then aiked if there were not laws already in being for rellraining irregularities on the Sunday } Mr. SoTtclnr Mr. Solicitor General replied, that evil had not yet taken Gittrul. sufficient ground to produce much mischief; but if it was fufFered much longer, it would perhaps be a very difficult matter to root rt out. With respect to laws, already in being, if a man should speak against the existence of a God, or against the Christian religion, he certainly could be punished at common law, by statute; but then in an aflctnbly, consisting of persons unknown, it would be difficult to find out the offender, and bring him to justice. But with respect to the advertiiing such places, and taking money for admission, there was no law, that he knew of, to restrain it.

NLr. ' Rolleinformed the House, that led, by curiosity, he had attended feme of the places alluded to, and had been a witness to in lecency and irregularities that were a disgrace to religion. He had complained of these assemblies to the bishop of London’s secretary, as he had not the honour of knowing his Lordship; and be understood that the reverend prelate was ready to contribute every thing in his power to iupprefs them; for his own par -, he allured the honourable gentleman, that he would give him every support in his power to accompl ' in the suppreifion of meetings, which, could notexist without a violation of religion and morality.

The ( jueftion was then put; and leave was given to bring in the bul *

May 3.

The business of the Honiton wrjt of election was received, and Mr. Anthony Bacon was examined in his place respecting his conduct in fending it down. fAt. GtergiSir George Tonge, as a ground of future proceedings, " That there has been delay in lending down the said writand the

motion

L 1781. DEBATES.

motion after a long opposition, in which Lord North took a part, was resolved in the affirmative. Ayes 50, Noes 42 5 in which the minister was left in a minority. - Mr. Burke gave notice that he would on Monday seven - Mr. Burk *

night move for an enquiry into the seizure of private property. in the island of St Eudatia.

[ Adjourned.

May 4.

The House took into consideration the new bill, brought in for the better collection of the servants tax. Sir George $\r Toxge moved an amendment, that indead of the clause, 7V > x *. ordering that persons, who should fail to pay the tax, should remain in prison until they paid the fame, there should be an amendment that such persons should be imprisoned only for one month : this was agreed to Mr. Turner and Mr.

Alderman Sawbridge complained of the clause, appointing profeemions in case of failure or delay to be brought before the commissioners of excise. These decisions were burthen - forae, and the trials by being in the Exchequer were expense. To this it was answered, that the present bill had been framed on the model of the Coach duty - bill, to the propriety of which the House had agreed, and against which he had not heard any complaints.

May 7.

The House went into a committee of the whole House, toconlider farther of the supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War rose to move for the extraordinaries The of the army. He dated that upon the whole, with the vote at W of one million, they amounted this year to the sum of four 1 millions, four hundred and forty - three thousand, two hundred and seventeen pounds, nineteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny. This was more than the extraordinaries of the last year by a million and a half. This difference was occasioned by one article alone, by the amount of the suing foot to America. This account amounted to no less than two millions, seven hundred and odd thousand pounds. This was more than the amount of the lame article f < r the year 17; 9, which is the lad account of extraordinaries, by more than a milion and eight hundred thousand pounds. The difference in this article was certainly very great, and it naturally arose from the larger number of troops employed, and from their employment being more dispersed and extended.

The right honourable gentleman enumerated the dveral heads and serviccs in the pccount presented to the House, with

) igitizSd by k

aoS PARLIAMENTARY A. 17& ;

the amount of the sums appropriated to each. And having gone through this detail of figures he concluded with moving that the sum of 3, 443, 217 !. 19s. 8d. halfpenny be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary services of his Majesty’s land forces from the 31st of January, 1760 to the ill of February, 1781,

Lord North Lord North rose, and took notice of the very considerable difference that there was in the amount of the sum transmitted to America lull year, and the sum transmitted the year proceeding. It was a difference for which he confessed he could not account; the draughts had been made and the money remitted, but at the same time representations had been frequently repeated, inculcating the necessity of care and ceconomy. In this, as in every other department, there were men responsible for the expenditure and the appropriations of the sums transmitted. These gentlemen would undoubtedly answer for the difference; but though they would in the ' end be forced to give a full account, yet he did not consider that as a reason why the House should grant the money without estimate, and without inquiry. It was his intention, he laid, to refer this matter to the commissioners of accounts, in the bill which he deligned to move for on Thursday next. It was an object of very material concern, and it ought to be taken up immediately. Their inquiry and report would be the means of pointing out to the House the bell mode of correcting an expence which had gradually increased to an enorihous magnitude. The noble Lord had enumerated the several heads of service to which this money transmitted to America was applied.

Col. Bam. c0ioncj Barreentered into a short examination of this very extraordinary account, and pressed the matter on the consideration of the House. The idea that the noble Lord had of referring the account of the commission which he had eltahlished, was certainly better than to do nothing at all. He should think it his duty, when the noble Lord brought forward his proportion, for renewing that commission, to move, that it should be brought to a constitutional efla - blishment, by making members of that House the commissioners. None but a committee of that House ought to be intruded with the correction and the management of the public money. It was intruded to that House by the people of Great Britain, and they ought not to abundon the trull, or to place it in other hands. If he failed in this attempt, which he had every reaiba to apprehend he should *

he

1

a. 178/ D ' Abates. iogi

he would submit with temper to the commission of the no - Me Lord; —thinking it better, to have this than none j and believing, that as the members of it became familiar with the habits of business, they would Hill render more service to their country than they had done. The right honourable gentleman said, he could not enter, into the detail of all the circumstances in this extraordinary account, which merited the attention of the ttoufe. He would confine himself to one matter; which, as it came within the right honourable secretary’s own department, he supposed he could be more correct in This was the article of provisions. la she year 1776 - the sum charged was four hundred and odd thousand pounds for supplying the army in America. In 177 it Was four hundred and odd thousand pounds. In 1778 it was more than 6oo, ocol. This was taken notice of; and it was accounted for by ministers in this manner s they said,

' that on account of the distance and the dangers of the service, they had sent eighteen months provisions out to America, in ft cad of twelve, by which there would always be a fore of six months in addition to the supply of the current year. This was the argument for the greatness of the sum; and it was admitted. In this year they now charge upwards of 8oo, ooool. for this article of provisions for the year 1780,

The right honourable gentleman said he had many reasons for believing, that the number of troops in America was not more than 30, 000, though we paid for 83, 000; and from the enormous amount of extraordinaries, it was an absolute sass that every soldier we had in America stood us in not lefg than a hundred a year, besides his pay. He adverted to the ( hameful practices and impunity of the commifiaries, and the jmraenfe fortunes that were acquired in the course of two or three years in this department. He said the noble Lord was forced by necessity to come to explicit enquiries and correction. Even his majorities could not support him long with such extravagance; he threw out an idea, that it would be for the benent of this country if the comm. ffioners of accounts could call before them any gentleman that could give them information, of any kind, to assist them in their inquiries.

Lord North informed the honourable gentleman, that th provision he desired, in the new commiihon of Accounts, bill, was contained in the old one, for the commissioners were i « n powered to examine personsof all descriptions, as well mem hers of that House as others ' : to prove this, his Lord ship Vo *. 111. E c read

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *

retdt diufe of the a 6kin question, which was found to give such powers as be described. With respect to the troops, he laid, that though the number actually provided for waa 83, 000, nine months subsistence had neen issued for fifteen thousand men in the West - Indies, and eight thousand in other quarters, which were not included in that amount. The number of men to be a&ually employed on the different services could not be certainly ascertained at the beginning of a campaign, but the commander in chief delivered an estimate to the secretary of state, computing how many would be wanted, and their subsistence was issued from the Treasury accordingly. With respect to the increase of the expences that might result from other causes, than a proportionate increase of numbers, as the operations of the army might be more expensive one year than another.

CoU Bern - Colonel Barre replied, that if eighty - three thousand men were to be provided for, it was necessary the public should be satisfied so many were actually employed; but he would maintain, as he had done formerly, that the number of effectives did not exceed forty thousand. He contended, that the increased expences could not arise from the cause alhened by the noble Lord, for the operations of last year were not near so expensive as that of a former one, in which we evacuated Boston, took Philadelphia,

Sir Gwji Sir George Tonge found much fault with the account upon Ytmgt. the table, and with this vague and irregular mode of accounting for the public money.

CMtt Sir Philip Jennings Clerke trusted that the committee would

not think of passing the vote now moved for, previous to the inquiry which the noble Lord had declared he intended cq be made into the account. It was irregular and unparliamentary thus to vote away the money of the people withou t estimate, without voucher, and without examination. He dwelt on the enormity of the expences incurred in America j and he particularly pointed out the extravagance of the transport - service. Under this head there was still a sum of between one and two hundred thousand pounds charged, although there had been full proof brought to the conviction of that House, that in the forming of those contracts at the Treasury there had been peculations, for the purpose of influence of a very {hameful nature.

Mr. /toi / *. Mr. Robinson explained the sum for the transport service to be an arrear, and not for the year 1780. The transport - fer - vice having been taken seven years ago into the management

of

tt

JU178 DEBATES.

of the navy - board, and consequently the charge came under another account.

Colonel Barre said that this was a circumstance which he Col. Menu had not attended to It was very true, and therefore all the expeace of the transport - service was to be added to the prefect account; which, taking it on the fame rate as it had been in former years, that of 60 per. would swell the account of extraordinaries to the sum of 5, oooo, ooool.

Mr Alderman Harley felt himself called upon, as the per - Mr. AM Ion through whose hands the greatest part of the money in these eClimates had patted, to give some account of its application. He therefore dated to the House, from a paper in his hand, a few gross sums, which formed the greatest pan of the expenditure in question.

Mr. Burke jocofelv observed, that the account just given Mr. Berk by the right honourable gentleman was the shortest one he ever remembered to have heard for an expenditure so great; sod he must allow him iome credit for it; for next to accu racy and fidelity in an accomptant, he thought dispatch the raoft excellent requisite he could poifefs. Considering the luge sums the right honourable gentleman fwaltowed, he fiuft deserve admiration for the expedition with which he rather digested or disgorged them; his charge and discharge were equally prompt; he was a kind of canal through which the profusion of government patted; but he supposed it did not flow off altogether, without contributing something to his substance. It had no doubt a fattening quality; or, to use a vulgar phrase, stuck to the ribs. After playing with this idea some time, with all that luxuriance of imagination that characterises this speaker, he attacked the proposed grarft in general, as a contribution to support the American war *

After a six years contest, and many millions wasted, we had got nothing but the information that nobody was in fault, and we were now contending, not for the dependence of America on the British government, but on that of France; for it was apparent that every measure that could weaken the Colonies without reducing them must tend that way.

He argued this point very forcibly a considerable time, and then defending more immediately to the question, fug gefted a doubt concerning one article in the estimates, on which he begged the secretary at war, or some other gen tie man, would satisfy him. There was a very considerable charge for cavalry in America; now, from all he could col left, there could be no large bodies of horse there, but those

E c 2under

2J2,

PARLIAMENTARY

A *

Mr, Barkt *

under Lord Cornwallis, and they could not be ( b very nu - r inerous as to justify a charge any thing fimtlar to that on the table; he desired, therefore, to learn for what exact number of cavalry that fora was to be voted; and at he apprehended a considerable quantity of forage mu ft be found in the country, which would reduce the expence, how much the returns of that forage specified }

MrMr. Robinson, in answer to these inquiries, said, that die ' number of horses, under Lord Cornwallis, including those which belong to the artillery, were 4000; and that the commissary had made a very pressing requisitkm for 50, 000 quarters of oats, to be sent out immediately, as it was impossible to find sufficient provender in that country.

Mr. Burke rose again, and complained, that one of hit, questions had not been answered; he objected to the probability of 4000 horses being employed in the louthern army, when it appeared from all accounts, that it had never muttered 5000 effective men.

The question was then put, and refolded in the affirmative without a division : also a grant of 4994I. for the charge of opening new roads and communications in the highlands of Scotland; after which the House was resumed, and adjourned immediately.

M 8.

Sir George Savilh rose, in conformity to the notice be had given, to move, that the petition presented by his colleague lbrae time since, signed by thirty - two names of respectable gentlemen, complaining of certain grievances therein al - ledged, and praying relief, might be referred to a committee but before he offered his motion, Sir George said it would necessarily be expected that he should say something on the fiabjett. In the first place then, as the petition had been futt five weeks upon the table of the House, he hoped that gentlemen would not think he was extremely impatient, or bent upon teasing them, by desiring that something farther might now be done respecting it. As leave had been given to bring up the petition, and it had been ordered to lie on the tables he was at liberty to suppose that its object was approved of#

Its objc&s were these : first it ft&ted, u that this nation had ' been engaged for several years in a mod expensive and unfortunate war; that many of our valuable Colonies had actually declared themselves independent, and had formed a strict confederacy with the ancient enemies of Great - BrUaio; that the confluences of these combined misfortunes had been - a large

Sir George Seville•

Mi i Bi# D £ B A T E S *

» large addition to the national debt, a heavy accumulation of taxes, a rapid decline of the trade, manufactures, and land - rests, of the kingdom : that notwithstanding this cala - nuttms and impoverifned slate of the nation, much public money had been improvidently squandered, and that many individuals enjoyed iinecure places, efficient places, with exorbitant emoluments, and pensions unmerited by public service, to a large and Hill increasing amount, whence the Crown had acquired a great and unconstitutional influence; which, if not checked, migjit soon prove fatal to the liberties of this country : and the petitioners farther shewed, that they, jointly with other freeholders of several counties, and deaort of several cities and towns, in this kingdom, in the lift feffios of the late Parliament, presented to the honourable House of Commons, an humble petition, requeuing that feme remedy might be provided by the wisdom of Parliament, ft the extensive and unconflitutional influence of the

n, and some flop might be put to the lavish expenditure of public money; and the petitioners begged leave to slate, that the matter contained in the petition, fp presented by them 4sd others, was taken into consideration by that honourable House; and, on due and mature defibration, the House re -

i. c < That it is necessary to declare, that the influence of the crown has increased, is increasing, and ought to be di > swifted,

a. " That it is competent to this House, to examine into and to correct abuses in, the expenditure of the civil - lift revenues, as well as in every other branch of the public rt - venue, whenever it shall appear expedient to the wisdom of this House so to do.

‘ 3 - 4i That it is the duty of this House to provide, as far as may be, an immediate and effectual redress of the abuses Complained of in the petitions presented to this House from the different counties, cities, and towns, in this kingdom. - u And the petitioners begged leave farther to flute, that before that honourable House had effeflod that diminution of the influence of the Crown, and had provided an effectoal red refs of the grievances complained of in the said petitions, the said Parliament of Great - Britain was, by his Majesty’s royal proclamation, dissolved. "

After opening this, Sir George said, a petition, exa&iy fintlar in all its principal allegations, he had the honour of prtfenting from the county of York last year, when the

fclved.

Hous

814

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781.

House had had been pleased, in Tome fort, to acknowledge the truth of the contents, and had come to the resolutions upon it, which were entered upon the journals, and were alluded to in the present petition. It would be right there - fore to fee if any thing had happened lince, to render the present petition not worthy the attention of the House, be would take a kind of negative ground, if he might be allowed the exprefhon, and reply to such reasonings as might be used against the consideration of the petition. First, then, it might be said, that the oeconomy, which was the object of the petition, was not now lb necessary as it was last year. Have you then got rid of any of your enemies ? said he. Have you paid any of your debts ? have you been able to borrow money at lower interests than usual ? If the contrary of this be the truth, the fame necessity for oeconomy exists that ever existed. The great supplies of the year proved the expence of the war; and the charge of profuhon was confirmed by the shameful terms of the late loan, where a million was squandered, for no purpose but that of corrupt influence. These terms were scandalously improvident; and perhaps they were made improvident, only that the members of that House might be induced to continue the war, and grant the mod unheard - of supplies. The extravagance of the loin would appear manifest by a comparison with the loans made by the India - Company : they borrowed money at while the public gave 9; and India - bonds bore a premium, while navy - bills were subject to a discount of 12 The House, however, had approved these terms; or rather they had passed them; because it was impossible that they could approve a bargain that seemed to be founded on infamy and iniquity : but the noble Lord had left the House no choice; he said the terms were bad; but he could get no better : the House therefore was reduced to the fad alternative, either of abandoning the public in the moment of war; or agreeing to the moll infamous terms on which a loan had ever been founded.

With regard to the influence of the crown, which the lift Parliament had resolved, to have increased and to be increasing, was that diminished ? Mod certainly it was not. He believed, on the contrary, it was so much increased, that there was not even hbnefty and virtue enough in that House to come to the resolut ABiod of their idimediate predecessor. Every division in that House {hewed that the new Parliament had given the miniiler new llrcngth. The complaints of the

Debates.

the fame now as before. The minister

flhbo&fefted but the day before that the burdens of the g were l creased; for he admitted, that the extraordt - Ptf % e army had swelled to an extravagant and enor - ft&ree. But had any step been taken to redress the res of the jrcople, so as to alter their lit nation from what TO5 year before ? The only thing that he knew of was, Umiffibn of accounts, and that, though he did not mean raft from the merit of the present commissioners, had imaged, by the noble Lord in the blue ribband, in a nt was Liable to much objection. An honourable friend neat hint had, upon repeated experience of the perplex - Si unsatisfadtory accounts of the extraordinarics of the of various branches of the public expenditure, a commission of accounts, but undoubtedly he did Mto to part with the belt and most essential privileges jmipcnt; his honourable friend meant a committee of ra of that House, who would have had the power, ftey had investigated the public accounts, to have in - rendered their inquiry effectual, by moving such mas the resultof their investigadon might render ne - P The noble Lord in the blue ribband had thought rt6 take the bill out of the hands of his honourable Ppfid had not only nominated his own commissioners, ft given them a salary of 1000I. a year each; so that ffWlefTeoing the number of placemen, and diminishing mMc expence, as the petidons of the people had requet - Whoble Lord had added to both, gftold, by Colonel Bar re, that the commissioners had Sir Greorge corrected himself, and said, he under - 8 ? fas mi ( taken. The commissioners had no salary I Wid he was set right, for he had much rather at any SS salt half way in his argument than over - date any Jjut what had the commissioners done ? They Klhtd an Inquiry as to the public money remaining in MS, of several public accomptants, and after ascertaining ftfe fev£ral sums amounted to, and in whose hands they and1 reported the same to the House. What rt/in all fhis, which a committee of members of the SySenibled in one of the rooms above flairs, was not r£o$ipetent to with the present commissioners ? or girt toot any four idle Lords of the treasury have done IffitS ? Tfitf treasury - board was paid for the especial IB df managing and superintending the public expendi -

ture

N

L

1

PARLIAMENT ARY

A. ijgt.

ture; but perhaps ( bme of the Lords considered the first Lori as the only acting officer, and regarded their own places astt many comfortable sinecures. This was a sufficient proof that the influence of the Crown was excessive; for without 6 - perior influence it was impossible that Parliament could C0fr ? sent to vote away its own prerogatives. Ail the other subject of complaint remained as before. Were the extra

emoluments of office retrenched ? were the pensions a sinecures of government curtailed ? was there in any one department of Rate, system, regularity, or oeconomy inttp - duced ? No; all theie grievances remained as before, ujd Parliament were called upon as forcibly now as they wtrt before to red refs them.

The petition of the freeholders was, he said, lying on the table; it was now the buflness of the House to take it into confederation : if it was originally the intention of government to reje£l it, they ought to have opposed its introdu&foA; to rejc& it now, after having admitted it, would be a mockery of the people; and he advised gentlemen to beware how tlwy attempted to mock the public voice and sport with the calamities of the nation. They should remember that govern ment was made for the good of the governed; and, if the ori&i of the establishment should be forgotten or overturned ) TO natural consequence would be, what it was totally unneceflirj for him to describe. This would be the last petition that would be presented to that House from the people. Tlcy would observe a sullen silence. You allow them to bringwp their petitions. O, yes ! you allow your friend to fend yon a letter, ' complaining of some injury, or imploring your tance under some difficulty, but you take care not to ope&it. You let before your guests very wholesome and desc tte dishes; but tell them at the same time, that they shall not taste a bit of them. Sir George hoped this Parliament wodld not contradi& the fblemn affirmations of the last. But why should I hope this, continued he; the last parliament ' were delirious; they were in a phrenzy : that is the language - of this ( iiy. When members of Parliament act under tho mediate influence of their constituents, as they did in session of Parliament, they are thought mad. Sir Qt j r wished to fee this night symptoms in the House offuchtpi - net ' s. He then moved, that the petition might be rtw, which having been done, he moved that it should referred to a committee of the whole House.,

fa

A. ijZt. DEBATES. i7

Mr. Dunning rose barely to second the motion, and said, r - & dial he would not then enter into the merits of the petition, but would relerve himself to answer such arguments as gentle - men on the other fide of the house ( night urge against it.

Mr. Buncombe declared that the duty he owed to his con - " ffituerits would not petmit him to rest satisfied with giving a * flent vote on so important an occasion. He was convinced; that the great majority, if not all, of his constituents were anxious for the fate of this petition; and that it spoke also the general sense of the people without doors. Thcv public calamities were so great that they had driven the people to Parliament to petition for relief; and to refuse that relief, hid the red refs of grievances that was prayed for, would beat oocc cruel and impolitic The people complained of the influence of the crown and the expences of the war; and the relief and cdhfolation they felt was to see the names of their representatives in the lift of subscribers to an improvident and ruinous loan. He argued, that there was still a greater reason &r public ( Economy this year than there was the last, lince the burthens on the people had so considerably increased. He drew a parallel between the ministers of France and England,

Which was by no means flattering to the latter. Though dimed with all the force and weight of arbitrary power, they fidnotthinkof plunderingtheir matters subjects by infamous loans, and crushing them with new taxes : On the contrary; they made it their study to spare the people as much as they Cpold; and by ( Economy in every department, made them as little feniible as possible that they were engaged in war. Our mibiftefs, oh the other hand, had acquired arbitrary power; by means of the influence of the Crown; and the use they made of it was to oppress and ruin their fellow subjects. To this influence he was an enemy, and consequently he would gve his best support to every measure that could in any wise tend to its diminution.

. Mr. F, HorUyvjacd concurred in opinion with the laftMr. /beaker; and he did so the more teadily, as : knew he wasw9, t, wrf /peaking the language of his constituents. In the last Parliament two petitions had been presented to that House from the county that he had the honour to represent [ Kent ], The fub - /giibcfs to these two petitions disagreed upon one point relative to aflbeiations; but there was but one opinion among them with respect to the resolution of petitioning Parliament for the reduction of the influence of the Crown, and the in - troduftion of oeconOmy ' i&to alljhe departments of govern -, Y©l. III. meot:

k

ci8

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

ment : it was therefore with singular pleasure, he would support any measures that had these two objects in view, because Iris own opinion coincided with that of his constiturnts.

Mr. Fato - Mr. Rawlinfondeclared he die ! not consider himself as that

li - soit. in any degree bound to abide by resolutions of another Parliament. He was not a, member of it, and he was neither bpund nor biassed by their conduCl. He was a young mem ber, and could not be supposed to be much acquainted with the rules and orders of the House; but he believed it was unparliamentary to bring the former resolutions of the Houseas arguments for the subsequent conduct. Their opinions would naturally change with the change of circumstances. He expressed his surprise, that a petition signed by only persons should be held in as respectable a light as if it had been signed by thoulands; and that it should be supposed to convey the sentiments of all the people of England. These thirty - two petitioners, however respectable, were but j

two in number; and he would never consent for one, that they should be called the people of England. But, said he, k may be urged that though they are but thirty - two in number, they j stand delegated by several counties in England. If that is the point of view in which I am to fee them, I will not hesitate a moment to reject their petition; because I know of no such body of men in our constitution as except those

Whom I fee within those walls. If, therefore they appear as delegates, I know them not : I consider all delegation out of this House as unconstitutional and illegal; the only view of such fort of delegation can be to form a body to awe and con - troul the legislature. If, as individual freeholders, they are not the people of England’s representatives; consequently, in either case, I will vote for the rejection of the petition. And, indeed, it is clear, that the petitioners themselves were aware of the objections that might be Itarted to the prayer of their petition, in either of the two described capacities; and, therefore, they did not dare to appear before the House as delegates; but they got their friends nevertheless to represent them as such in their ( peeches. sir Horace Sir Horace Mann % alluding to the two petitions from the Mann, county of Kent, mentioned by Mr. Honey wood, said, that one of them had originated with him, and that he advised it, merely because he disapproved of every idea of aftociating, forming committees of correspondence, or holding any language to Parliament, which he thought it would be improper for them to listen to He was an enemy to influence, and a

friend

219

A 1781. DEBASES *

friend to oeconomy; and there was not a man in that House, or in the nation9 who would more readily concur in any reasonable and legal measure to check the former and promote the latter. But hehad opposed, within those walls and without, every attempt to form anbciations and committees, which he held to be both dangerous and illegal : as such he had already oppq - fed them, and as such he would oppose them on all occasions a Ad in all places. It was true, indeed, that the names subscri - bed to the petition then before the House, were set down Amply as the names of individuals in their own private capacity; but still every one knew, that however respectable they Were in that capacity, they where nevertheless the delegates Of the counties in which they were frceholderes; and therefore as lie could not separate in the present in ( la nee the idea of the delegate from that of the individual, he was determined to oppose the motion made by the honourable baronet, though he would be ready to second him in any proportion be should make of himself, as a member of Parliament, for checking the influence of the crown, and introducing a fyC - teih of oeconomy in the expenditure of the public money for their sentiments, on most political subjects, he believed to see the fame; but associations and committees of correspon - dence he had disapproved last year, and now disapproved.

Every scheme for reformation should originate in that House, which contained the only true delegates of the people. The petition before them came in a very questionable shape. He was for reprobating it, and treating it with the contempt it deferred. He exhorted them to maintain the dignity of the House with firmnels.

Colonel Roberts opposed referring the petition to a com - Colonel Ro - mittee; the colonel reprobated the idea because he consideredberti ' the whole measure but as a factious attempt to revive divu fions and difientions among the people at a time when unanimity was lb requisite. The petition was signed by men who Ikad notoriously assumed the unconstitutional character of delegates and committee men, \and who had assembled in that character more than once, and come to various resolutions,

Which they published in the newspapers; the whole of which ' proceedings appeared to ( iim to be founded in a deiign to awe 2nd controul Parliament, He said farther that exclusive of his objje&ion to the signatures, which objection he begged to Ke understood, went only to the gentlemens1 being delegates, *

afod not to them. individually, or as members of that Hopfc,

" ( In both which capacities he knew them to be men of honour

Ff *, and

ia$ PARLIAMENTARY A. s; tfif

and abilities, ) he could not admit that the assertions of th ? petition were either fairly dated or true in fa&; for wha{ did the petition assert ? u That the crown had acquired great and unconstitutionai influence, which if not checked might prove fatal to the liberties of this country. " The whole of this declaration was unfair; because though the influence of the crown was increased it did not follow that if not checked it would soon prove fatal to the liberties of this country. The increase of the influence of the crown, wa nothing more than that unavoidable increase, which the war occasioned, and which would cxift not a moment longer than while the war exided. The expences of thrt war weresaid to be exorbitant; undoubtedly they were large; but could any gentleman who had signed the petition fugged a means of carrying on the war with more oeconomy ? Before they complained of the public money having been improvidently squandered, they ought to have shewn in what manner the public expenditure could be carried on with more oeconomy, It was evident that the enormous iize of the expence of the war did not arise from the prodigality of ministers, from the zeal with which the noble Lord in the blue ribband had prosecuted his proposed commission of accompts, and his having declared not only his intention to move for leave to bring in a bill to continue that commission for another year, but had given notice that he should insert a clause in that bill, pointing out the extraordinarics of the army as a special object of the commissioners ’ examination and inquiry. This was not only a reply to the petition, by being a compliance with part of its prayer, but an unanswerable proof of the integrity of the noble Lord and of his earned wish to act with as much oeconomy as pofHble. So far from the act ' ei tions, that the in ? creased influence of the crown would loon prove fatal to the liberties of this country, and that the pubtic money was ira - proyidently squandered, being true, the very reverie was tb ? contrary. Tnis trifling error occasioned a hearty laugh, Mr. Roberts felt himself somewhat confused, and noteafily recovering his self - possession, he apologised by saying, that whenever he ( poke in that assembly, he felt himself greatly awed, he thought therefore that he could not better shew his Tefpeft to the House than by thanking them for the attention they had paid to what he had laid. fitntnl General Burgoyne, after what had fallen from the honou - pv ' 19 ' rable baronet who spoke the lad but one, rose to take his share of the imputed censure. Waving all disputes concerning

aat

1781 DEBATES.

cerning an original contraCl between king and people, he thought himself warranted to affirm, that government was made for the governed, and not the governed for the govern nor. There wrfs evidently a supposable case in which refinance to the supreme power was lawful, being necessary. That case had exited in times when the incroachments of the crown were avowpd and open; but now the strides of the crown towards absolute power were secret. The case complained of in the petition was a new case; and the only point to be considered was, whether the delegates believed, in their consciences, that in forwarding the Ichcme of associations they were doing their duty. He had signed the petition, and be thought and felt that he had acted in the business as became a free citizen; in coming to Parliament he had exercised that right which every citizen enjoyed and valued; that of petitioning Parliament for a redress of grievances. The objection to the petition, from the circumstance of so few having signed it was frivolous. Gentlemen knew that thou - faads would have signed it with pleasure. He took notice of themiferable Hate of the kingdom in general, and particularly of our humiliation at sea. Wo were obliged to cross the Channel under the protection of the kmperor’s flag; to such$ low ebb was our fleet reduced, formeily the mistress of the ocean; and to this miserable pitch were we reduced in pursuing a phantom in America. The General said, that from the furnishing of naval {lores, to that of wheel - barrows, there was a gradation of contractors at the nod of government; that the means of influence possessbd by the crown were iromenie; that there was not any men in that House who would not be purchased, if he was willing to be sold to ministry. The grace of God was absolutely necessary to preserve the minds of the moil affluent in their circumstances, and independent in their fortunes, from lervilely cringing 10 miaifters, It was in vain, he said, to argue in that House when argument was drowned in numbers, bought and retained for the purpose of serving the ministry. The experience of every day taught them that the influence of the crown was sufficient to prevail over every generous effort of the few who yet retained a sense of their duty and a regard to the ioierefts of the people. In such a case then was it not right, prudent, and proper, that the constituent body of the legifla - tore should apply by petition to those whom they have delegated for a legal redress of their grievances ? And is it Angular that knowing the Hate of that House they should feleCl

a few

Z2 *

PARLIAMENTARY A 1781.

a few virtuous men out of their number to assemble and wait, and observe the operation of their appeal. After this he drew the attention of the House to his own case; he had loft, he said, the rewards of a long life, spent in a painful career for his country’s service, and his sovereignhad loft an honest soldier; incapable he might be to serve aim, but still his ' zeal was inferior to none. He was now consigned to retirement and oblivion; driven, he would say, unjustly from his station / by the machinations of power. He was now sufficiendy inclined to inactivity; but should the exigencies of the people call him forth from his obfeurity, or the neceftities of the state require the assistance his arm he was ready in the public cause to act or to suffer.

Lord Field ’ Lord Fielding rose next. He prepared his speech witil an

1 1 ' apology for the intrulion; conscious as he was of the very little weight or attention which a member lb young and h totally devoid of parliamentary experience could claim. But the importance of the iubje& would be his best excuse, as it would be considered the duty of every member to deliver hit sentiments on a topic in which the dignity of the House was so materially concerned.

He declared himself happy to argree with the honourable baronet who made the motion in the importance of the fub - je£l, and the danger that would arise from neglecting it. Important it certainly was, and dangerous would the confer quences of such neglect be; but beyond this he feared they would no longer agree. The honourable baronet and himself favv it with different eyes : he saw it with a partial, a parental eye, while he confessed he saw it with a jealous one. The honourable baronet seemed to conijder it as the manly, constitutional effort of a spirit of freedom; while he could not help considering it as the revival of a very dangerous spirit of innovation, that no longer than last year had almost reduced this country to the situation she was in •in the years 1741 and 1742. How far that spirit would have gone, it is impossible to say, had not Providence been pleased to interfere a levere indeed, but necessary remedy; the effect that the event had on men’s minds was sudden and ftrodgj the associated bodies immediately adjourned ordiffolved themselves, and convention both within and without doors was materially changed. Appeals to the people on the subject of recurring to first principles were no longer heard, and even newspapers ceased to be declamatory and violent. Recollect -

ing

A. 1781 DEBATES *

ing this, it would become the House to beware how they ag in conjured up a spirit that was laid with so much difficulty.

Nor did he think the object of the reform, even if quietly cffc&ed, a subject 1 q much to be delired; it must at least be done with great caution : if it was such, as he understood from an honourable gentleman in a former debate it was intended to be, the lefteningor if possible the destroying that connec - tion fubiifting between the crown and the Parliament; if gentlemen would look back to those periods in which that coone&ion had been the smallest, they would not find the state of domestic government so earnestly to be wi ’ shed for Let them look at the reigns of Queen Elizabeth and Cha. I io the former of which the freedom of Parliament was buried in the gulph of prerogative; in the latter the prerogative itself was defbroyed; and with it perished at once both mo - narchay and constitution. They would find Queen Elizabeth unable to guide councils of the Parliament, and confc - questly jealous of its authority; they would fee that jealously breaking out with fresh violence on every occasion. They would not only find her forbidding the House to consider of particular subjects, but absolutely forbidding it to meddle with matters of state in general; and on the least disobedience to those imperious commands, they would find her sometimes fending for and severely reprimanding the Speaker and the House, and more than once imprisoning the members; nay, so far did she carry her unreasonable jealously, that in her last Parliament, when the Speaker, in the name of the House, made the three usual demands, of safety for their own persons, access to her presence, and freedom of debate; they would find her granting the two former under very strange limitations; and to the third, answering ( he believed in these very words ) " that she granted it indeed, but not, that every man should speak what he lifted, or what cometh into his brain to utter, but merely the liberty of saying aye or no. ’ These were the Hefted effects of a want of connection and mutual confidence between the Crown and the Parliament The latter of these periods was marked with effects too melancholy, not to be so strongly imprested on every man ' s mind, as to make it unnecessary for him to enlarge upon it. The Parliament, intoxicated with its newly acquired power, went such lengths as at last wholly destroyed the constitution. This great evil, at last, however found a remedy in succeeding reigns; the Parliament favvthe neceftiry of reposing some ' ' confi -

224

PARLIAMENTARY A. i

confidence in the Crown; the Crown materially altered iU language to the Parliament; in short, to use Judge Black - stone’s expression, u the harlli tone of prerogative was fuc - cceded by the milder voice of influence. "

" But ( say the gentlemen on the other fide of the House, and in faithful echo to their words, fays the petition before us, ) that influence is lately so p ' rodigiously increased, that under this weak and wicked admioistration it threatens to overwhelm, in one common rui/i, the privileges of Parliament and rights of the pen, de. M Did it indeed ! Let them draw the comparison between the present state of court influence, and what it was under Sir Robert Walpole, and he would alk the gentleman over the way, in what period of that minister’s reign, so few placemen were in Parliament ? When would they find four only of the twelve grooms of the bed - chamber in that House r But not to mention the nullum tempusnc % the aift for securing the independence of the judges, or that great barrier to Parliamentary freedom, Mr/ Grenville’s bill, ( all since that minister’s time ) there was Hill a stronger circuniAance arisen. Where were those regularly trained parties, for which that period was so remarkable ? he would aik an honourable gentleman, over against him, could he, could the ablest political muster - master so exactly calculate the strength on each side as to be able previously to determine which way many, he might almoff Tay any, great popular question would be carried ? No; he could not, that was effectually prevented by a new, a third party, having sprung up in that House, unknown to former periods. He meant the country gentlemen; the balance of power in that House was taken out of the hands of the minister, and placed in those of the country gentlemen; in the hands of men. for whom they had fecn iearped uni verb ties and great populous counties contending; men of that sublime character defcished by the poet, whom

A on civiumardor prava

Non vultus inflanth tyrannic

Mente quath folida.

Men neither to be frowned into servility nor huflaed into faction i by the support of these men, and not, as had been falsely asserted, by the low arts of corruption, did the present, minister stand. Should the noble Lord in the blue ribkA by any strange fatality, become that weak, that wicked mi - ' niiler, he had been unjustly called; should he become, as be has been represented, careless of the public good,. attentive only to his private interest, a mifleoder of his sovereign,

4 corruptee

AW

DEB Aft ’ S V '

as;

nor of tin Parliament, iri ppreffat of the people, his mils, would htamediateiy fair hint; hut whije, on tin i be saw him generally supported the inoff re - dum&ersimthe House, it was to him as convmck \ proof that Jjjufcfetnred their support and the confine #f the‘people at larger as it Was of the Worth, the ge - ftfcfity, or the integrity, " & a private character, Wbdnyne W lean tenanted and suppdrted by die worthy, the generous ftftth info

ityng tofe, he said, to give plain and Miitat artfwer Mr. Apg which had been put tobtra the noble Lord:

m ft political must ' er - master, he WOirfd inform the noble 1 1that fodh was his opinion of the power of tie minister M Hodfe thftt he nevet had it ih hie power to make a the iflbe of any qufrftion. rfe conld always ItoferaBte certairrfy of the numbOnsf which the minister dttebttgnaridf frncfre had the daily misfortune ' to see that; mb iHlliU. il bWetejfufidient to overpower all the indepen - i lif that fflufe. He would tell him father, as a 06 i iriiftetMtHifffr as he was pleated to temi him, that safety could the minister, pfefame to command ft# gerttfonten, thpt he sent in difficult cifes hi pe - l < lTlwAlftHffr andpvhen the iflhe of a debate was dddbt -. 9, and what the industry of his crea -

\h hands from the coflee - houses, to make ftiieir dinners and their bpttfe. and come stagger - th0 House to decide on the fattfbf their Country : LjfrdWo young member, but before he had much cftndtfOOd aH dividual of the phalanx, whi ft1 he had lb join, be would have opportunities of fefeittg the ttftfeaKUte of the miniftterial influence, which he now so, CiiKl$yp#aised, though perhaps mdd endence might

kMN ' Bim from feeling its mfolence. With regard to the j Aht motion, thoughfte knew it to be a proper and falu -

S ' WWafure, and though - he sincerely believed that a ma - f ftto House ehtertalrited hi theit hearts the fatae opi V ~ tc, yet he already foresaw plainly. that it would be llowever; he should be miffaken; if, for once, the Ae dirty of the House should be superhrtfco the aWd dependence, he Would, cheerfully cohfeft lj$s

ftt office ef political muffajpnaftef, agrtfe he duW riot ‘anticipate the fate 6f; fce fhteerdy ’ wished tf fathe ribble TxJrtf, ih tad; Wteuld for once1 faffed ftie evtertf for the life i4t said1, wdl it

HI. " Gg his

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

his other question, relative to the number of grooms of the bed - chamber in Parliament, triumphantly, because the noble Lord could not but be aware, that the number of grooms of the bed - chamber was different at prefect from what it was in Sir Robert Walpole’s time. Mr.. BjNl after this declared, he concurred in opinion with his honourable friend ( SirH. Mann ) that the matters prayed Tor by the petitioners ought to have originated in that House, but what reason had the people to expect, that any thing of importance, really, essen - tial tg their interests would he proposed in a place where the influence of the Crown bore down all before it, and the minister carried every thing by his majorities ? How that influence and those majorities were acquired the House was not ignorant; the public were not in the dark; the late loan had opened their eyes, and they saw that they were represented by m n who preferred their interestlp their duty, and who submitted to the ignominy of participXing in the plunder of their country. The honourable genderran called back, to the recollection of the House, many of the important fads relating to the management of the loan, anfPtbe distribution of it among the friends of the the minister, that he had before brought to their knowledge. Thex saw many avowedly upon the lift, but those they thought infinitely more honest and upright than those who ikulkea in the dark. They people knew all this. They knew they had nothing to hope; from the noble Lord in the blue ribband, and therefore they came to Parliament of themselves; and in a true constituti - onal manner called upon that House to ' davits duty; the fate of the motion would convince the pejpfe without doors, whether Parliament was so loft to all fenfc of shame, as when expressly called upon so to do, to refuse opening their eyes to matters of t; be moiftferious nature, and to which that House had been wilfullynlind for some time past. An honourable gentleman over the way, [ Mr. Rawlinfpn ] had said, the petition ought not to be attended to, because it was signed by so few persons as thirty - two in number : good God ! did the merits of the petition now before the House, or of any petition, depend on the number of persons who signed it ? Every gentleman present knew, that the faCls stated in the, petition, and the question of their truth or falsehood, were the jeCh, and the foie question, to be examined and deternflE But such an argument was scarcely worth an answer. Vflp ' year the argument of objection was, that the petitions JSr too many, and the subscribers too numerous; now a fijflt. petition was sent to the House, and that signed by dqfljf

E B A/ T E

227

•only, theargumeirt was, that the ftBrscribers few ? It. wgs a proof to what zniferable refcmrcerthe nfkfte ttoufe were driven when the xmnsflkr and wiffifed t get rid of : a matter, the truth and tm - whichxdlty could not deny, but which never -

_ _ _ _ v dated at meet. - - '. ! -

- after Mr. Byug He said/ as the ho Mr. Cnrrfu gentleman had attain revetted to the old : subje&xif ne happy to find he exempted those members, hife from the severity of his ctnfure, whose names jfaqrly yau4 openly on the lift of fabscribers. As he; had oor of being a native of a country, where weak nerves jmhecoming. modesty were not epidemic maladies, e had appeared conspicuous on that lift; and the only •it gavehifo, was, that it flood opposite to a small " 1 honoprahk gentleman had also attempted to prove w y f thf freeholders ’ of England had approved k ipnjow in the table; but his mode of demon ft ra - ‘ a. lime extraordinary, as it was not adverting ' Aoie who Had actually signed it, but to those a species oflogic. by which it was easy to prove

fronton other honourable gentleman, that ipire of the sea; he should only observe, relief of Gibraltar, and setting the com - ’ France and Spain at defiance. Teemed rather he his aftertion; especially as the only proof he ad - this imi degraded situation, was the Emperorvs rlHWhe imperial flag ) taking in passengers at ' mXlanding them at Ostend. said, as he had answeted every thing material, 4 fallen from the twcjf ljptiourabie gentlemen, he Wtf return to tfcequestion.

He knew of no subjljct where it was necessary to speak with greater delicacy, in order to prevent being misunderstood or misrepresented, than oh a subject which even profeffed to have in view, the gratification of the freeholders in England. If. ail that was wanting to insure success to any measur was a phufible title and popular introduction, the delegates need not have recommended the present petition to the two honour able gentleman, Whd moved and seconded the mbtion; but well knowing, that die request they were to make, required all the support which character and ingenuity could give it.

madt umdft wife and unexceptionable choice,

The

L.

PARLIAMENTARY. JLylL

Tlietorms of the House, be apprehended, o pcvenrti fame bofiness from perpetually recurring the fame fetitan, had. forbid afeoernd introduction of the lame fufojeff. Bat&e present petition, fuWlantially, and in effecty the Ifamt wiA - a bill lately rejected after tong debate and mature efttififotf ’ tion, had a direct tendency to defeat a reflation so well €lfc cnlated to facilitate theprogfeflion and diipatch of public bu - fineTs Bfet without irt fitting on, xor reverting to the condaR of the late and pfiflMfr Parliament on thti questiou he thought hi ' Wat warranted in aflerfing, that here had been a < grfsft and material ehahge vn die ( cntimenta of the freehold ers themselves on this fiifejefl *. Many of the affbeiated cities and counties, which ffcht Op deliberating delegates left year, had now declined feeding up petitioning one *; a conduct which seemed to fati&Hy "am ! confirm what the friends of government advanced last year, that when the time of the gt neral election was bv$r ‘ hnd the secret views of influencing ' persons wert at an end, the teal motive of promoting those petitions would be then Hifclosed, and the prayer of them be no longer urged with peremptorioefs and importunity. No •tmtn could entertain a higher opinion of the people than he did; if, by the people, bath fides of the House meant the fame thing; for, according to his idea, the great and respect - able baby of the people Were those of the middle rank; meo Who were neither rendered daring by afnbitiort, nor desperate byneceflity; men who did hot want such Roman provocatives to public spirit, as domt inopip—for is. The gentry

and independent yeomanry of England constituted that re - spestable body; men whp had no feperatet interest di iaft from, the bappiness and prosperity of their country; they were the true props; they were the flay; they were the street anchor of the constitution ! In that invaluable body of men irefides the true spirit, the virtue, the nerve, the active energy, of Britain ! their minds. were firm; their understanding manly; they knew that the best minister might be calumniated, and even his virtues refracted through the false. and iropofing medium of a distortijig and insidious eloquence. But they were not to be duped by sophistry, or imposed on by a twin of ingenuity; a distortion. 9f real ' on and peryerfion of campion tense,. A pure and spotless character, unsullied honewr, find unimpeached integrity, ( qualities not always inherent in a minister ! ) were still some recommendation to their fayom; hnd, as they had not been initiated in Doctor Mancjcvilk’s school of philosophy, they did not believe that private vice

2 could

J rytL ' /D Ei AVT ’ E 1. '

t affhMtetencfii; •nd thmfooe 3id liot nndittaih the converge of the propoflcioiv thajt private virtue could hem detism nt tMhe public, But noshing was too difficult for the fetak gftrtim And pandorichi immunr of fomft geode - facfi; if they argued on be other Ode or the qftt&ioa, we 4eukl seeth ( d dfet Accepting a place was giving the ftropgeft tt&ofm fh % l Attachment to our invaluable rights and liber ties : for, as the influence of the crown necessarily originated in the freedom of the cocfUratkm every perfoq, who enjoyed an honourable and lucrative fituanon under government, was worn peculiarly intemfied to piefcrve the purity and energy of that free and excellent system, which rendered that influence indispensably ttccessary.

He then obfefved, that this respectable body of men would always support the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, whiift he continued to wft with wildom, decision, and integrity; they saw the necelhty of carrying on the war against America, as the allies of France, in confederacy with the House, of Bourbon, to annihilate the power of Britain. They approved and applauded the {pijit of the noble Lord in chaftifeng the perfidy, infota&ce, And ingratitude, of Holland; for they inherited the fpidt of their anceftorsf and still thought, that to submit to monarchies, however great and splendid, would be an abject and bale humiliation of die imperial pride and dignity of Britain; but. to fubinit to Dutch degenerate republic, this indeed would be a new species of degradation, which never yet having had any exigence in the annals of this country, no epithet ignominious enough had been invented in flwEnglish language.

He then asked whether it might not reasonably be presumed, that this valuable body of the community, which he had attempted to discriminate and define, on seeing the dreadful consequences of an association, formed, no doubt, from a laudable zeal to suppdrt the true interest of the Protestant religion, did not chobfe to give the leaf ! encouragement to the revival of Cuch a flaming spirit; for, he said, there existed another dafs of men, who often faVfely and impudently aflurned Aeiiame < f the people; men composed of the profligate, the Mfe, and the abandoned, who were ever ready to break out jbtoA&s of riot and outrage, and who were easily worked up into faction, N of inflamed into sedition, by the popular breath of every turbulent demagogue, as he had seen the stagnant and putrid waters of a marih kindled into a blaze by a lighted newspaper.

P A L I AM E N T A R Y A. tySt.

He their declared, be meant no reflexion on the delegates whom he efleepned and respctfted; they, he was convinced would fcofcn the assistance and disdain to court popularity. among this reprobate part of Jocrety. The committees ( their constituents ) were inilituted for more laudable purposes; they : inight be considered as self - erected political hand - posts, plant ed oyer the country, to point out to the people the part they were to purfiie,

u Along the cool foquester ’ d vale of life, t

To keep the noiseless, tenor of their way. "

In other respects too they did great and eilential service to their country; they intercepted the noxious steams which flowed from their body - politic, in a very sensible perforation, ind condensed the vapour, which descended on the table of fthe House, in a harmless shower; of petitions, remonftrarr ces, and projects, for reformation. From such political manufacturers, we might ' rationally expect a new and splendid •edition of Magna Charta stamped oft pair fa paper, and

Worked tip from the fags of the community. They elicit the latent sparks of virtue and patriotism, from a part of the commonalty, where none was ever expected to be found, as fen ele&ic machine extracted fire from a dunghill. f He added, that he entertained the highest opinion of the •condud, views, and principles of the ddegates; no man lamented; more than he did their banishment from Guildhall; hut he consoled himself by reflecting, that it was an honourable species of oftracism, by which the common council of London proudly and ambitiouily aflfe&ed to imitate the oon > - du& of the celebrated citizens of Athens : thdir chArafiers too, he held in the highest veneration.

" Their wife Divan the best companions grace,. ' Chiefs opt of war, and members out of place;. ‘‘

Who fondly ' mingle in their hope - fiU ’ H bowl,

The feast of reason, and the flow of foul ;, v -

Ev ’ n he, whose light ’ ning pierc ’ d rebellion ' s lines. ‘

- For reformation forms their great designs. 1

To them we are indebted for many excellent proieQ to restore and renovate the constitution; annual, Parliament among the rest; for as all power originated from the - people, by shortening the existence of Parliament ( for rfieir political fins ) they would be rendered more humble and dependent on their creators, and become a shining, but transient, emai > a tion from them; be directed by every popular. and turn like a ( moke - jack, by the breath of the people.

bijin DEBATES.

, Be laid, he made no doubt, but that their reiterated, though '

hitherto disappointed, attempts, to diminish the influence of the Grown, ( prang from the purest and mod disinterested motives. It also gave him an opportunity ( which he would cordially embrace ) of obviating an illiberal and invidious reflection, which had been often thrown out in the public prints and in private conversation, as if some people did not receive the news of our victories or defeat with all that joyful exultation, or sorrowful dejeChon, which might be expected from Englishmen ! But this problem might be easily fohred; for as the dangerous influence of the crown would be increased by our victories, but diminished by our defeats, it was perfeCUy consistent with the gentry alluded to, to hope for the improvement of the constitution, and the extine - non of corruption, by the ruin of the empire; and on this enlarged and liberal principle, men of the moil sublime minds and refined and exalted virtue might derive unspeakable and cordial consolation from the misfortunes of their country.

For tnftance, the conquest of the Carnatic, by Hyder Alley, might enforce a reform in the King’s - kitchen; the loss of our provinces in America, might occassionthedifmission of a Lord of the Bed - chamber, a Comptroller of the Household, or Clerk of die Pantry; and who was there dull enough not to perceive that such trivial calamities were amply compensated by fudi great, solid, and substantial benefits. He added, that he thought it right to ( peak thus seriously, as he found fentimen - tal comedy was most agreeable to some particular gentlemen’s taste, efpeeially as something ludicrous, which had inadvertently mien from on former occasions, had given unde - signed offence. TflPoncluded, by expressing his strongest disapprobation of the motion, and his resolution to oppose it.

Mr. 71 Town/bendcommented, with his usual success, on Mr. 7.

the arguments and language of the former gentleman. The Tcnvnfield. levity with which he treatedeyery question of the mofl fe - rious and solemn nature migljj be agreeable to ministers, as thfcy wished to throw aff public/ virtue into ridicule; but it could neither give them respect with the people, nor character with posterity. These were the mean resources of profligacy and impotence, and they merited np other legard, ei - tger in that House, or in any other place, than contempt. Jfcfehferved, that it was the artful contrivance of the pFe - coin the word delegate, and introduce it by force jfl&the question as an argument for rejecting it. The peti - um did not come from delegates; it came from freeholders

Jbiin no other light could it be assumed or debated.

TT Mr -

v

V

x PUWWKT4R. Y A. i

Mi. Ptvys. M r. Pour# bid, hH$tte petition beensigned by arty per -

ions, affirming the chm&tts of delegates, he certainly ihooid

karo opposed it dire£Uy ., Ho had particularly attended, ta ( t When it was Head from the table and it did not profess to come from the subscribers as delegates, hut as freeholders, of Great Britain; therefore, as Urn case flood, be thought k ought to go to a committees H ny Sir Harry Houghton thought the inconfidevable number of Bmgbum who bad signed the petition no abje&ion to it; they were as well entitled to the tonfideratioa of that House at a larger number$ he had other objectons to the petition.

Jferry paid Sir George Seville very high compliments, bat could not agree with him in regard to the motion.

Mr. XiHf Mr. Ratio Hated his approbation of the £ubp& matter of Ae petition, and his seal support the right of petitioning bat be wholly disapproved of afltciations. and committees Without doors, to wateb and controttl Parliament. Bethought them neither legal nor constitutional; and as he cofflfldtttd the prefect petition ' as coming from a committee of dcfegatn ? though the gentlemen had not signed it in that eharader, he fboukl oppose the; motion. Mr. Rolle said, he mneartwred to have had it as an opiniott from a lawyer that an a ( fed a tion, % ) r the preservatioa of the game, and her the purpose carrying the game laws into execution, was illegal.

Si tF. Baftt. Sir Francis Bajpt ( poke against the motion. Sir Strands Hated, that a late meeting, held in the county of Devon, for the purpose of appointing delegates, was very thinly attended, there not having been above twenty persons prefect, although there were thirteen thou fend freeheddersyg the courtly. bit Fra neb said farther, that three persons chosen delegates, and only two of the three had signed the present petition; tin concluded therefore that the third did not approve of it.

t g, tSir Gtorgc Tango fend the honourable baronet was tnifta - ken the county - meeting of Devon had been very huge and respe&akle, as be could witne£ Witla regard to the three delegates he was the third ( hat bwr not signed it; and tKe reason was he happened to be 270 miles from London When it was signed bu the fully approved of the contents; and, if the forma of the House would have admitted of it, was ready to figs it even then Sir George went into an animated argument on the powerful influence of the Crown, and said it I was dm oft imfifesblo, that oven the krrgefb fortunes did nor secure indfepeodeocy; the first men of the first eftaces in the a kingdom could mat kelp bowing, to the minister, and attach -

ing themfdbcs t gmeumcm That now almost everybody

floosie

233

it ' L ) 8i4 D E B A. T E

dy. fold themselves to administration let their fortune, rank, fiction, trade, or occupation be what it would. That nothing but the providence of God could prevent a man from losing his independency a large estate was no security. Independence must spring up in the mind; it could not be produced by affluence. He said the reason why the House that was the ministry, refused the commitment of the petition was that they were afraid to meet its contents.

Sir Francis Basset applied to himself what Sir George had said ih respect to independence and defied every individual from the other fide of the House to prove that he had ever acted but from motives of the purest independency. A con - test arose between him and Sir George on this point but the House iicafonably interfered, and mutual explanations took place.

Mr. Parker ( member for Devon ) made a short speech, in Mr. Parker which he said it was due from him to his constituents to declare that the meeting alluded to by the two last gentlemen *

Waato his knowledge extremely numerous and extremely respe$ablr. Mr. Parker also said, he believed the majority of his constituents approved of the present petition.

Mr. Mariya ( upported the motion and arraigned the 1 aft Mr. Parliament as a Parliament assembled rather for the purposes of individual traffle than with a general desire to pro pose measures likely to promote the welfare of the state and the happiness of the people. They looked more like men following a trade in that House or a lucrative office than like men doing their duty to their constituents. This be was at liberty to observe Jate Parliaments; for, to be sure nothing could be said Vtbe present Parliament but what was pjaife - worthy.

Mr. Martyn observed that he was but an indifferent speak - er, and therefore he begged the House to indulge him so far as to hear him read, a short extrail from an author of considerable eminence, which he Qiought apposite to the subject of the day. He then reaa an extract from Huqie’s EfTays on the Coalition of Parties and recommended the ideas therein contained to the consideration of the House.

Mr. Harrlfon began with saying, that they had then be - Mr - fore them, if he might be allowed the expression, the aegre - i/ *, gate petition of a very considerable part of the people of England praying for a reformation and retrenchment in the public expenditure. He must confess he said that he did not doubt but it would meet with the fame fate that every Voi. I1L H h other

34

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Other request of the people had of late experienced in that House; which, so far from tending in the lead to promote any steps towards redressing the objects of their complaint, seemed only more strongly to have fixed and rivetted the{refo - lution of administration to {hut every door of inquiry that might be the means of bringing to light that baneful course ' of influence and corruption, which had so long hoodwinked the senses of that House, till it had led this country to the verge of that awful precipice, on the brink of which it now Hood. He then said, that it had of late been the constant language of one side of the House, either to represent the petitions of the people in the most contemptuous light, as the voice of an ignorant and deluded multitude, led away by the factious and difeontented spirit of their superiors; or, if they deigned to consider them in a more serious point of view, they were to be represented as the ebulitions of a rebublican spirit; a spirit dangerous to the constitution, and which ought to be refilled. Upon this principle ( contiued he ) we have seen every proposition, tending to any reformation, uniform - ly rejected in this House, without even the colour of an argument for its exclusion. We have not only seen the fame Siameful waste and mispending of the public treasure continued, but we have seen the enormity of profusion, extended in the instance of the present loan, beyond what has ever been known in this or ( I will venture to affirm ) any other kingdom in the universe. That unrestrained power, which ministers have assumed over the public purse, is a matter so ruinous and destructive in itself, so big with national calamity in its operatious, that whether, we may be ready, or whether it may be a proper time for stich exertions, I will not say; but it is an assumed, unconditional power, that must and will be restrained. It is so totally subversive of the very essence of this constitution that a continuance of it is even worse than despotism itself. It is that deiufive means which led this country on its mad career after American domination. A war, founded in a third of patronage, and carried on by a resentful spirit of disappoihted ambition; not that laudable ambition to agrandife the power, dignity, and welfare, of this country, but that detestable, and horribly ambitious desire of obtaining, under pretence of an ideal and inefficient revenue from America, a real power of domination in that country, and a most substantial accumulation of patronage and ministerial influence in this. But had it been supposed that any assembly could have been so totally loft to

every

835

A. iy8i « DEBATES *

vttty sense of the duty they owe to their constituents, to every sense of the duty they owe to themselves, as patiently to suffer a minister, at this time of general necessity and distress, at one stroke to give away above a million of the public money; and at the same time be able to stop every inquiry of this House, into the enormity of such profusion. If it had been supposed that any popular assembly could have been reduced to such a servile Hate of du&ility, ministers would have thought that a much more easy and less dangerous expedient might have been adopted, for the agrandisement of their influence in that House, than their favourite object of American taxation; and happy had it been for this country if the ma ( k had sooner been withdrawn

He then observed, that ministers had, with their usual fub tilty, endeavoured to subvert the objefb of the present motion, that of a national reform, under pretence of disapproving of the means by which the application had come before that House But that, with all the art they had used, or could use, they could only make it the petition of particular freeholders, appointed by petitioning counties, to address that House, to call to their recoiled ion the former petitions which thenlay mouldering, as useless lumber on their table But ( fays he ) as the objefb of those complaints are not only unredrested, but even the enormity of the grievances complained of extended, we ought to consider them as now before us, in their folleft force, claiming that regard and attention, which we, as the representatives of the people, cannot refute without betraying that trust which is reposed in us. They have a right to demand that their petition should be taken into confederation; and, when it comes before a committee of this Hottfe, if the objects of their complaints are found to be ill - grounded, or not to exist, that is the proper time to treat the petition as frivolous and nugatory. But to reject it unheard, and the merits of it uninquired into, could only be considered as a mean subterfuge to reject every petition of the people, which did not come backed with the compulsive authority which the Irish took care theirs should come backed with; an authority which might extort that from their fears which would be withheld from every other more laudable motive. But, for Heaven’s fake, said he, let ministers reflect on the confe - quences of their conduct; let them not wantonly sport too farwith the distresses and complaints of the people at large; but let feme ideas, tending towards relieving and satisfying the minds of the people, be brought forward by the gentlemen H h 2 on

236 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

on the other fide of the House, since it was thought right uniformly to reject every petition of that tendency which came from this.

He then observed, that the noble Lord in the bliie ribbond had, some time ago, in the course of debate, thrown out feme hints of distant prospects; but they were so faint as to be mere delusions, and by no means sufficient to satisfy the discontented minds of the people $ that, so far from thisbeirtgan improper time for taking steps of that nature, the very difficult and dangerous situation of public affairs required it at that moment, as the only means of creating confidence in the people, which could add that unanimity and vigour to the exertions of the nation as might enable us to druggie with the united force of our enemies combined against us, which Was pressing down the drooping head of, be feared, tbifdevfcded country, never to rife again

Aid. Mr. Alderman Sawbridge rofc, and said, in cenfequenCt of

kridgt. frCquent attacks which had that day been made On the character of a delegate, as illegal and unconilitutiortal, he acknowledged he was a delegate, and defied those, who imputed a species of criminality to that character, to come forward and avow their intention to prosecute him. If he had acted illegally he was amenable to the laws of his country, and open to conviction and punishment. If, on the other hand, the charge of criminaliry was only urged to defeat the petition, and to discredit the promoters and supporters Of it, it was a paltry, mean subterfuge, to evade, by pretended threats and parliamentary chicane, what its enemies were cenfcious they were unable to meet in any other manner.

Those, who signed the present petition, appeared before that House merely as freeholders and citizens. It was not therefore competent for the House itself, or any individual, who Composed it, to consider them in any other light but what the public act itself imported; namely, petitioners, seeking national redress for themselves and their brother freeholders and citizens, and the nation at large. What the fame men may have transacted without the walls, the House bad not, nor could, take the least cognisance of in the present instance. They might or might not have acted imprudently, illegally, 6r improperly, in their delegated capacity. Was there any proof that they had ? If there was not, nor any charge in being, the petition and the petitioners flood on grounds totally irrelative and foreign to the arguments urged against either. It might hereafter be a proper object of inquiry, or it might

not

37

A i 8i. DEBATES.

not; the Only point, in his opinion, under the coftsideration of the House, was, merely the allegations contained in the petition; if they were unfounded, or ought not to be attended to, then the parties might come fairly and diredHy to issue. Every other matter, relative to the conduct of the petitioners, eras extraneous, and of course absurd.

For his part, he was of opinion, that the gentlemen, who acted in the character of delegates, had acted justifiably and legally. He presumed, the right of petitioning would not be denied; if so, most clearly the right included the means of attaining the object in a legal and constitutional manner : in deed, the right to associate, to appoint committees, and to choose certain persons, and delegate the powers of a greater body to a smaller or fele& one, was, he believed, of the very cfience of large popular bodies. If they haid a right to assemble, for the purpose of petitioning, they had a right to petition > and, if to petition, to devise the most proper means to give that petition eiFe&. It was usual in all meetings of the kind, for promoting a red refs of grievances, or for efFccting a good, or averting a public evil, to form committees; for those committees to associate with others, ( binding in the fame predicament, and imerested in common respecting the desired event. As the power in the first instance was made to devolve on a smaller number, that selection could again delegate the power, thus entrusted, with the consent of those who originally delegated it; so that whether the power was esercifed by three, five, a hundred, or a thousand, it warftill the fame, though the mode of exercising it might be changed or altered for the greater convenience, or for other beneficial and legal purposes. He ever understood, that all bodies of men, retaining certain inherent powers, or rights, could delegate the exercise of them under no other reltri&ion but that of the consent of the principals, or collective body. It was }uftified in the most familiar intercourses of life, as well as in the higher and more important; and he was persuaded, that this doctrine would be found to be universally true, where the exception was not created by an abuse of the powers thus delegated.

On the whole, whether the meeting and conduct of the delegates was or was not justifiable and legal, was of very little consequence in the present debate. If they had a died illegally, the law was open; if they had not, every argument or objection, raised on that pretence, must totally fail for want of filpport,

Mr.

23 *

Mr. Sol. Gen. of Scotland *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Mr. Solicitor - General of Scotland said, he had rifcn, some time ago, to trouble the House with the opinion be had formed on the present subje£fc of discussion; which, notwithstanding all he had heard, he could not find any solid reason for alters ing.

This opinon was, that the petition ought not to be committed, but ought to be rejected by the friends of government and of order, with some farther mark of disapprobation. The grounds of his opinion were, it appeared to him dangerous, improper, and unconflitutiooal, to give any countenance to the petition; dangerous, as tending to revive the drooping spirit of association; improper and unconflitutional on account of the persons from whom it proceeded; who, possessed of an illegal and unconflitutional denomination, were really and truly acting in that capacity, whilst they held forth another to the House, thereby intending ( he did not wish to use a stronger word, but he mull be pardoned for saying ) to surprise Parliament. That they were truly acting as delegates seemed clear; they did not deny that every fub - feriber to that petition possessed that character. As freeholders they were represented in Parliament, and might have had their alledged grievances laid before the House, in con - ilitutional form, by their respective representatives. Ten of those, who signed the petition, were members of the House. A£ling as individuals, why did not they rife in their places, and move for leave to bring in bills of the fame import with the subject matter of the petition, if they did not wish to act, and were not truly acting as delegates ? Besides, it appeared from the instrument of deputation to the delegates from the county of York, that the obje£l ofthofe instructions, and of the petition before the House, were precisely the fame, and expressed almost in the fame words, for corre£ling the gross abuses in the expenditure of public money, and reducing the increased and increasing influence of the crown. " In short, it was clear that they put on a mask to that House, and, pulling it off, or looking from behind the vizor to their constituents, they might, if they prevailed, inform them that they had got their business done as delegates. The character, in which they truly a£led, was illegal and unconflitutional was almost self - evident; for what did these delegates pretend to be but representatives of counties ? Their instruments of instruction, their pretended elections; the different disputes which had arisen in different parts of the House, in the I course of the present debate, about the unanimity or majority

with

39

A. 1781 DEBATES.

with which petitions were carried, or delegates named, proved it. For his part, he knew of no constitutional or legal re - presentatives of counties except the members of that House. In law there were none known. Every other pretended representative mull, of course, be an illegal and unconftituti - onal one. Besides, by what legal authority were these meetings called > what were the qualifications of the voters ? Might not the meeting be composed of banditti, and be truly a mob, such as those mifereants who had so lately filled this city with terror and dismay ? If they differed, how was the right of the delegates to be decided ? Could it be done in Westminster - hall;. was there any constitutional court or committee to take cognisance of it ? Suppose that those delegates had not been turned out of Guildhall, but had been seated there, in all the pomp they meant to assume, could a right to a feat there have been decided in any other way than by the sword } Where was the right of such a set of men to assume judicial powers on such an occasion ? where lay their right to meet and deliberate on ' matters of Hate or redress of grievances ? for their commissions were not like those of agents, simply to present petitions; they were to meet, concert, and deliberate, as a body politic, and that too on matters of slate, not on private business. The declaration of rights, that second magna - charta of England, article 13, bears, < c That for the redress of all grievances, and for the amending, strengthening, and preserving, of the laws. Parliament ought to meet frequently plainly implying, that no other body of men, in a delegated capacity, had a right to meet, to deliberate, and to treat of such subjects. It had been said, by one honourable member, that the petition mull be committed, because the petitioners had also the character of freeholders in them; and because the petition had already been received. For his part he could not feel the force of the observation : the character of freeholders was, on this occasion, used as a disguise, as a cover to another, under which they truly acted; and, without doors, wished to be understood to act. And as to the petition having been already received, if he had known the fa£ls, as they now appeared, he should have moved to have it thrown over the bar; and for the same reason, which would have induced him to propose this, he held himself at perfect liberty to vote against its commitment. As to the second ground of his opinion, the danger arising to the slate, from the encouragement of affo - ciations, it required but little acquaintance with hillory to

feel

L.

40

PARLIAMENTARY A. xySu

feel the force of that objection. The League in France, founded on specious pretences, proved the danger of such associations. It had involved that country in a horrid seene of bloodshed, violence, and outrage; had shaken the throne, had convulscd the nation, had well nigh overturned the con - ftitution, and deprived the legal Aicceilbr, Henry IV. of hi just right to that kingdom. It was needless to enter into the intrigues of the Fronde in the fame kingdom. We had fatal proofs, in our own country, of the danger of such affocia - tions. The solemn League and Covenant, in the northern part of it, was truly the origin of the civil wars. Had Henry III. of France, reprefiVd the league, first formed in Picardy, that of the Sixteen of Paris would never have taken place, nor would the league have become general in that unhappy and distra&ed kingdom. Had the government in Scotland repressed, the Solemn League and Covenant in the country, or the illegally delegated meetings at Edinburgh, this nation might have escaped the horrors of civil war. It Was therefore the duty of Parliament, by those efforts which were in their power, to avert such dangers; to suppress aflo - ciations, by preventing their resolutions and views from taking effe < 5f, whatever disguise they assumed; and the present petition, as an honourable gentlem ' an had well expressed it, certainly came in a most questionable shape. It became the House to oppose the commitment of this petition; and ip place of wafting time, in the present crisis, upon subject already discussed, or upon other dangerous theoretical quefli - ons, for such were intended to be brought before it, as appeared from the York instructions, it became the House, in place of such difeuflions, to unite firmly in concerting measures to oppose the designs and baffle the attempts of our open and avowed foes, whether confiding of rebellious subjects, natural enemies, or treacherous allies. It had been said, these measures were promoted by many good and respectable men; but this argument called upon the House more particularly to express their disapprobation of such illegal and unconftituti - onal a6h. It was of the greatest consequence to prevent good men from being milled. He sincerely believed, that the intentions of the present aflociators was well founded; but it had often happened that good men, associating for a good purpose, had been imperceptibly led to mix with others, seem - ingly engaged in the fame cause, but whose views were different. Associations therefore held out, in his opinion, a poffi -

bility

2

I

L1781. DEBATES.

4 *

bility of greii national mischief j and, unless in the last extrantty, ought never to be adopted nor suffered;

Ldrd Mmtland made a warm and able reply, in which he Lord AUit happily blended much warmth and energy with argument and elegance. The noble Lord said, he could npt nt patiently ana hear the doctrines which the leamedgentlemen had chosen to bring forward in that House. They were such, he trailed, as would never be suffered to pass Without indignation or contempt. They Were hostile to the foundations of British freedom, and as contrary to laws as they were to confutation. They were doctrines, indeed, which a crown - law yer, in his improvident zeal, might be brought to hazard; but which, as a constitutional lawyer, he could never be able to support. His Lordship declared, that he well knew that associations and delegations were not only strictly legal, but in some circurfcstances highly expedient; and however fond a certain defcri pt ion of gentlemen might be to throw out afi perfions against them in that House, yet he firmly believed that that House would never presume to come to a resolution of censure on associations as either illegal or improper. If ever they did, it would be in a day of forgetfulness as well as of corruption; when they had either forgot or did not choose to remember that it was to the falutdry and blessed eifedte of afiociatiou that they were a House at all, and that the country enjoyed the protection of a popular assembly. When they did not recollect their origin he was afraid they would forget their duty; and he would no longer look for a virtuous discharge of their trull than while they remembered with gratis tude and enthusiasm the noble efforts of there ariceftors; who, in a day of regal tyranny, aflbciated for national deliverance.

His Lordship contended, that every thing we felt as freemen, every advantage, every enjoyment, and rank, as men, and our dignity as a people, were derived from associations. In the early, just, and sober contest with Charles I. the means which brought about the Resolution; in lliort, every single step which had either been the means of defending our rights in the first instance, or securing them after, had been eroded by allbciations.

It was to allbciations and Combinations of men, allociated and combined for a good purpose, that we owed all we now possessed. To those we were indebted for the compact of Magna charta, for the Resolution, for the Hanover family; in short, for every thing we could boa ft of; and he had the strongest reason to believe, from the temper, disposition, and ftpparent views of those in power, that if the committees and

Vol. HL

I i

aflb -

4

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

associations had been either unconstitutionaT or illegal, tha those who had the will, if they had the authority, would have long since gratified at once the wish to punish with the eager deli re to luppreis. They would have commenced a legal attack on those who acted as delegates, a fort of wsjt which miuifters were much more inclined to pursue with eagemefs than war against the natural enemies of the country. But they knew them to be legal, and they knew th. ft delegations were as well known and as much in use in the con - Ititution as any other popular privilege. It was a pra&ic fortunately introduced, by which the desires of multitudes might be forwarded and carried into execution. There was not a petition presented to that House, even for the regulation of a turnpike bill, hut there were some men delegated from the vicinity of the place where the bill Was to operate to manage their application to Parliament, and take care that their interests should not l ' ufter for want of knowledge or for want of will. Did it ever come into the heads 01 men to say, that such delegations were illegal, or that they were not known in the constitution ? There was not a privilege of the people, which had been exercised with more frequency, and from an earlier period of our hiftocy, than this. It was coeval with the establishment of our system, and had been exerted with foccef in a thousand iimances. But was it from ministers that the argument against delegation had proceeded ! Was it from the treasury - bench that the doctrine had come of their being unconflitutional and dangerous ! What ! from that bench, and from those men who had but, the year before delegated the heft rights of that House, not to a part of their own body, but to a let of men as much aliens to Parliament as foreigners were aliens to Britain ! It Purely did not become men, who had stretched the power of delegation to an extent so much beyond all precedent, and beyond con - ilitution, now to censure a sober, right, and legal, exercise ot that privilege.

The arguments of the learned gentleman, who had spoken before him, and which had induced him to rife, were truly singular. He had drawn arguments against associations from France, and had contended, that, because they were dangerous to that government they were improper in this. Good God 1 into what puerilities will not the zeal of party lead even learned men ! What must be the weakness, or what the obliquity of that comparison which Peeks an analogy between a kingdom of flaverv and a kingdom of freedom, ' and which endeavours to maxe the lame policy applicable to

.. v - both.

L

43

A. 1781. DEBATES.

both, In one of die provincial parliaments of France, the learned gentleman would have recommended himself not only by his oratory, but also by his law; his dodhines would have been agreeable to the constitotion as well as to the monarch, and he would have secured popularity while he cultivated intereiL But there was a happy difference in the plan of the two governments, which made the policy inimical to the one which was applicable to the other; and the learned gentleman would find that very little respect would be paid to the authority of his precedent, even by those whp might be inclined to relish the compliment of nis do&rlne.

The learned gentleman had been equally unfortunate in his precedent from Scotland; when that unhappy country was under the dominion of an unsettled government, torn by feudal tyranny, and by contradictory oppressions, in such a crisis it was not to be wondered if the efforts of the people Should be unconstitutional, and if they endeavoured to grasp at deliverance by irregular means. The noble Lord therefore found no resemblnnce in these precedents; and, confer questly, no conclusion could be drawn fiotn them. He maintained the propriety of the petition on the table by various arguments, and urged the duty ‘incumbent upon the House to give it a serious and deliberate consideratiorl.

Sir William Dolbensaid, no man approved of petitioning Sir TV. Dt ?

more than he did, in certain cases, and for the attainment of certain purposes. He was one of those who promoted, or at leaf ! approved of, the petition, or instructions, which came from the, county where he refuled; because he was persuaded, that nothing could be more conducive to the great objects of the war than an ceconomical and faithful expenditure of the public money. The general object of the petitions presented to the House last year, was in part complied with, or if not, was in a train leading to the proposed event. The commissioners bill of last year, and which he understood, from what fell from the noble Lord in the blue ribband a few days since in that House, was to be renewed the present session, was directed to an inquiry into the receipt and ifiueof the public money; and though the commissioners report was not yet finally completed, there was good ground to expeCl, from what they had already done, that very fidutary consequences would be derived from their labours.

In his opinion, the principal prayer of the petition was a ready granted, as far as it could be; it was therefore pretnaw tore to petition for the removal of a grievance which was acknowledged to be in a state of redrest.

}j 2Much

244

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

Much had been said respecting the increased and increasing influence of the crown. To him, it appeared, however merely a matter of opinion, which operated variously on different men. It must be acknowledged, that the influence of the crown became naturally augmented in a time of war; an jncrease of establishments, and of the expenditure of public fnoney, begat patronage. The question, nevertheless, wai pot whether the influence of the crown was incre ed but whether it had increased in such a manner, to such an extent and was so felt, as in the apprehenilon of the honest and independent of every party and description. of men in that House, and out of it, as to lay a foundation for just appre - henflons for the present and future security of public liberty - He was ready to say, that the influence alluded to was not so felt and acknowledged; or if it was, that he made no doubt but a majority would agree with him that night, that the proper means of reducing and confining it within constitutional. bounds were not appointing associations and delegates for the purpose of controuling and over - awing the legislature. So long as the constitution was preserved, redress could only be had from Parliament : he Should therefore set his face against any measure which went directly or indirectly to set up any power, however constituted, paramount to the con llitution, the legislature, and the laws.

Mr Fox. Mr. ° npw r ° k all > n a considerable length *

adverted to every argument that had been advanced in oppor fition to the motion, with a power of argument and eloquence peculiar to himself.

He observed, that the arguments made use of, by tbole who opposed the motion of his honourable friend below him, were equally novel and unanswerable; for no man knew how to meet them; they having assumed such adiverfity of Shapes and forms, and so many observations had fallen in the course of the debate, totally extraneous to the subject matter; but which, by a curious species of logic, had been made to apply to the motion, and, in the apprehensions of those who made them, deemed to be decisive of the question *

It had been argued by fope, fays he, that the public money has been, and is faithfully, expended; by others, that the influence of the crown is not increased, and of course ought not to be diminished. By a third defpription, it is acknowledged, that ceconomy is necessary, and that the public expenditure may be improved; but that measures are now ' taken for that purpose, and our interference is unnecessary. Others pgain say, that the meeting of the delegates was illegal, and

' 4 *

A. I9 « f. D E B A t E 8.

that those who composed it are punishable. It Has been allowed, that the meeting might be innocent, but it was the conduct of the persons who aflbciated which rendered ft criminal. Another description of persons say, the present pe tkion is premature, because the principal object of red refs is in dip hands of the commissioners of accounts; and above all, it has been warmly pressed, that the persons, whose names jue signed to the petition, come here in disguise, in the character pr capacity of freeholders and citizens; whereas they are in faCfc delegates : if delegates, their petition ought not to be font to a committee of the whole House, because they have ufnrped the rights of that House and the legislature at large. If freeholders, they are too few in number to deserve the attention of that House; and finally, however few or insignificant, that they have transgressed an act of Parliament, because the petition is signed with more than twenty names.

This, he said, was but an abridged state of that torrent of eloquence and reasoning which had this night been urged in the course of the debate. However unequal to the task, he would endeavour to give each of those objections a separate and distinct answer, and make such observations in proceeding, as might suggest themselves to him, in reply to the very numerous miscellaneous remarks which were blended or connected with those arguments he had already rehearsed. He would not undertake to answer them in the order they were urged, but would have recourse to his memory, merely as the points might arise in his mind.

It was urged, with great seeming weight, and studied plaufibilty, that the petitioners came to that House in dif - guise; for although they pretended to be the men they really were, namely, the freeholders and citizens of the places within which they were resident, they were in faCl delegates; therefore their prayer or petition was hot to be entertained ip that House. Why so ? because they considered themselves paramount to the House itself, and meditated the subversion of the constitution, The proof was perfeCHy equal to the reasoning which accompanied it. The petitioners were delegates, becapfe, though the delegates meant and thought themselves competent to controul the legislature, the petitioners did not, but prayed relief from their representatives in Parliament.

So for the proof of their being delegates was overturned. The committees, associations, and delegates, wish the subversion of the constitution, say those who argue in this stile; jthe petitioners, on the contrary, acknowledge the sovereign

and

PARLIAMENTARY A. i

jmd omnipotent power of Parliament, and come to it for re - dress; consequently their political principles are not the Jams; or those, who have. charged the delegates with such te -. nets, have purposely or ignorantly misunderstood, or mif - represented them. Beftdes the fallacy of this mode of arguing, he would just point out the absurdity /which it involved; for, if the argument was a good one to - day it was no less So yesterday. Why entertain the petition at all; or, having entertained it, why objecft upon that, grovwd ? If the petir tioners were delegates, and on that account ought not to be heard, they should have been told so in the iuft instance; for most clearly, if it was improper to refer the petition to a committee, it was equally so to receive it when first present - ted. > ' i

The present petition was precisely the same as many - of those presented last year, and substantially the, fame with those upon which the House had come to the three refolu - tions, voted by a very great and respectable majority of that House on the 6th of April, 1780. The House then resolved, what has now been controverted, or expressly denied, by almost every person whp had spoken on, the other fide. The honourable gentleman who spoke last, Sir W. Dolben, with Avhom he had the pleasure of dividing on that night, said, the petition was premature; for the commission of accounts had been instituted in consequence of the petitions. Granting, for a minute, the fa& and consequence to be true; surely the giving redress respecting the expenditure of public money, by no means came up to the prayer of the petitions, nor the resolution of the 6th of April last year; which affirms, without reserve, that the influence of the crown was increasod, js increasing, and ought to be diminishednor with the concluding resolution, which asserts, " that it is the duty of this House to provide an immediate and effectual redress of the grievances complained of in the said petitions, M

This argument, he acknowledged, only applied to such at voted for the resolutions of the 6th of April; while with those, who were of opinion then of the impropriety of coming to that vote, and those who had since that period come into Parliament, it was quite otherwise; hot until the gentlemen then and now in Parliament, who voted with him on the 6th of April, publicly recanted, and assigned the motives for their ehangc of sentiment, he had every good ground of persuasion that they would continue to maintain their former opinions, ' While he was on this part of the subject, he could not avoid taking some notice of what had fallen from s noble

Lord,

A. i ? Zu DEBATES.

Lord, who ( poke early [ Fielding ] \ it gaye him pl afure to perceive a person of his rank, at so early a period of life, turn hb attention. to matters of a public nature, and of public inte - left. He had another reason for being well pleased, as it gave him an opportunity of informing the nob e Lord of some circumstances which might have escaped his notice; and confe - qaently, which might have led him to draw condufiona which were not founded.

The noble Lord laid U down, as a matter not to be contro - verted, that the present minister and his measures were sup - pQited, not by the arts of corruption, not by the effect or; operation of hopes and fears on different mens minds, respecting place and emolument, but by a mod respectable independent body of men of landed property, who supported government upon principle and conviction, namely, the country gentlemen. No man had an higher respect or veneration foe this description of men than he had. He knew their value; beloved, he revered them. He was bound to them by senti - went as well as opinion. People are always prejudiced, as it were, by those who think and with them. He was hound to them by affection, and it was with infinite pleasure be beheld, upon that memorable night, the 6th of April, that Out of the whole body he miffed but two or three who differed, he presumed, from their brethren, upon motives per - fe&ly justifiable in their origin. He bad every reason to believe that they were actuated by opinion, and not by servility. They might entertain an idea that the proportions were untrue, or the time unseasonable, for the reform j and, possessing these fcDtiments, they were not wrong in avowing them. He made no doubt, be the event of the division what it might, that he should be accompanied by persons of this description into the lobby, by the whole body of country gentlemen, a few excepted, who might continue with the minister upon principle.

The noble Lord’s idea was however a good one, nor was it without an intended effect. On questiorp where the strength of both parties was nearly equal, a few votes were valuable, and the importance given to certain persons who might with to rank themselves with so respectable a body was flattering. It founded well, after arranging both ( ides of the House tinder the banners of party, to say that the honest, independent, and truly respectable, part of the House threw their weight into the scale of the minister, and made him fccctftful.

P ARttAMENf AKLY A. if8u

• But hie begged the noble Lord to believe him that the cits Was exactly the reverse It was the traffted bands, adder the well - known commtrid of the muster - inafter - genml, to borrow a term from his lord ship, who carried every questioit in that House; it was those who were in possession of great emoulments of pehfions and inefficient plates : it Was the contra&orfc, whose profits with ill a single year amounted td almost a princely fortune; it was the subscribers to the loan; it was the man who could make thousands in a morning by writing his name or being lifted in the miniftets loan; it was these men who in the midst of national misfortune and of public calamity, in the distress of a ruined commerce and of multiplied taxation, a depopulated kingdom, and a dismembered empire, were amafting fortunes by their fer - visity, and growing rich by the support of meafiires whidi made other people poor. These formed the motley groupe which the noble Lord was pleased to honour with the appel lation of country gentlemen. It was the men whose names Were concealed in the ministers lift of the loan; as well & those whose 4C strength of nerves" emboldened them to stand forward as the receivers of eleven on the amount of

their subscription. He was forty that the honourable gentleman who spoke lately under the gallery [ Mr. Courtney ] bad so much reason to complain that his part of the subscription was not larger. There was no man better entitled to it, for the minister profited by the strength of those nerves which served him both as pastime and support. These were the men who decided every question in that House.

Who could be surprised that the muster - master - general should have proved so victorious in the course of his several parliamentary campaigns ? Who could be surprised, for in - stance, that he should prove victorious this night, however improbable, considering the expected issue in a light merely abstracted, unless he mould have recourse to his memory ! in that event he must recoiled that upon a loan of twelve millions, one million had been snatched out of the pockets of the public, to be deposited : Where ? why to be transferred into the pockets of this new description of country gentlemen, that only two days ago, three millions and a half had been voted without account into the pockets of a few fa - 1 vourite contractors; and that twenty millions is the annual expenditure, the profits on Which are regularly divided among his friends and supporters.

The use made of the name of the country gentlemen by th noble Lord, he said, put him in mind of the glory obtained

249

Jj£Ct7ft. DEBATES.

Wftf fpveraf branches of the House of Bourbon : the "Cuntfe, While si ( tripling, is made general of an ar his enemies : his fame blazes like a meteor

ftfl lbrth as a great officer; and his military knowledge tcfTkfinftrudtive; the blood of Bourbon is the cause /ftceefsf but is this the real cause ? No; it is not tflSat bf js put to the head of an army, veteran, and i&d, Wilred to arms; and that he owed it to the know ktM experience of his officers, the bravery and military ’ of his troops. Shall we then aferibe the vidories of Effef fjri Parliament to the country gentleman ! shall we valuable independent, the moll upright inembers r&SMhity would contribute to their own and their hnkfton \ The idea is absurd; every member of this gPJPlhimfdf the trouble of attention, fees that y ffrTOe country gentleman, but to that formidable [ Ipb contractors, pensioners, and dependents, to Mffralw f - master - general owes his success. These lh ^; o > raise a revenue, gave their sanction to oar Colonies; no sooner had they done so than, HCw qildity and irrefoiution, they abandoned first the p Xiiitlfico the dominion; nay, so unsteady was their RCftftft they again changed their measures, and adopted ( Ml which has involved the country in ruin and distress; fijiW venture to affirm that there was hardly a member STHouse who would ferioudy maintain that America Pbe recovered by force of arms; even administration fetves from experience know it to he impossible; could $ ? inyVeafoh then for the prosecution of a war which IftPjfo prospect of success ! none, but in the mean and I Motives of avarice and self - interest, which evidently l the tninifter and all that numerous herd of placemen Settfioners who lived by his smiles, and were supported 1 fiOwer : was it to be supposed that a minister influenced lb principles would abdicate his office ! or that his ad - ( t % odI < i abandon their interest ! No; such an event NilhCr to be hoped than expelled; his safety depended II ' Ooifttf finance in office, and the moment he retreated he bMonc. The condition under which he a6U was pofi - rtt Vas determined that the wealth of this country should the blood of our fellow citizens spilt ! to what 9 ( lCT ! ' ttCTely to Support his power and that of his ad -

9

K k

? bc

PARLIAMENTARY.

The honourable gentleman then endeavoured tp, fhpw t ) £ ibfurdity of the arguments made use of a ’ gaiiift b s hoqopf able friend ' s mption before he should descend to paiticaht lie thought proper to avow that he was a delegate; a$djjjjjj though he had not petitioned as a delegate, he have come to that House for redress, if he had not that capacity; the truth was, that he and several otherttOf tlemen were of opinion that the petition should have signed and presented by them as delegates, whil$ pthefs equally persuaded of the legality of the measur ohjcdbfid; tp ft for this reason; that although the propriety of prefefttijpig the petition was almost universafly acknowledged by nf House, yet that of forming associations and appointing defe gates was not. They were apprehensive that the pctijtf oners should come to Parliament as delegates that tWt. f lion would lose fomc part of that support so necessary ft fuccels, as gentlemen were not perfectly agreed do&rinc, and even good men might differ on f point J fng upon opinion. On that ground he gave up his intention out of deference to the opjrypn of whom he acted; not out of apprehension of danger : persuaded there could be none; though no lawyer, he upfcfr flood it to be law, that whatever rights he possessed at an dividual he might delegate to another, if not retrained some positive law or restrictive usage; and that whatever po % ers he, as principal, could legally exercise, his fhbstitutej equally intitled to the fame.

He could not help expressing his aflonishment at what Bf had heard in the course of that evening; it was said ftcting as a delegate he could pot come forward as an indivjdfr ’ at, or being con fide red as a delegate, the petition could fce accepted. The formerbe presumed was out of the questigg; he latter had been frequently answered : the argunput

amounted to this, that because he met, as a delegate frotp the citizens of Westminster, the delegates from the couptfr meetings, he was not Charles Fox, a citizen of, but gate from, the city of Westminster.

This was furdy reasoning in a most extravagant mating he would demernstrate its absurdity by an allusion a faljjjr liar kind, and which would explain his sense of such l lemn mockery of common sense; should he call uponaj ( bn about business, and after annnouncing it should be fwered, I do not know you as Charles Fox; I know you ' as one of the representatives for the city of I

4 J *

le

jtfiyti. ' debates.

3rF < > > but jfyou are I cannot speak tft L beeaufc I know you before as a member

y '

a very extraordinary kind of conduct, but rounds they have attempted to defeat the ob - •9; wc know, say they, that the persons fr i ‘

this petition are freeholders and citizens nr hat they have acted as delegates from thp counties; consequently we shall consider them in tjb which they do not come before us, and by this ( Bern from relief, and deny them that character wanid at least entitle them to a hearing, and to a ion of the grounds of their complaint. He those who were called upon to maintain the ? present motion, for fending the petition to a ji extremely unfortunate. In the instance of petitions were signed by four or five thousand ten these petitions were crouding in from every kingdom, what was the language : that the i&re fi > numerous as to create an alarm in that t&ctr meetings were tumultuous, and might ter - \c ri ttiotions; that they ought to be discouraged9 fiippressed; that Parliament were the exclusive judges ce of grievances, and of the relief to be grant - si very different language was held; it was now the petition ought not to be attended to, because the great body of the people of England only thirty ‘ fs had appeared at the end of it : and that even been procured by the artifices of a fa£ion, whose were imaginary, but to whose complaints there end; so that whatever way the argument was fbaped9 er was ready, that the object of the petition might be last year the petitioners were too numerous and le to be listened to; now they are too few an 1 infig - Jbh ! ( say some gentlemen ) the malcontents are not they arc delegates; if they were petitioners they be worthy of attention; but when last year they were ts and not delegates, they afforded just cause of ap - n for the quiet and safety of the kingdom. The com - of the troubles, in the reign of Charles I. had " to in the present case as a precedent : now how - cycnr pretence for apprehension was groundless, individuals were meditating, in secret, the fubver « - gdvernment and the destruction of the constitu -

Sue

PARLIAMENTARY A. i78j.

But, as in the first ihilance, these apprehensions were imaginary, he would now inform these gentlemen, who held the petitioners in so contemptible a light, that they were then, as well as now, equally miilaken, either through ignorance or design. The petitioners of the year 1780, were not actuated by the motives of faction or sedition; neither were the present petitioners so very insignificant as they were held forth to be. They represented the sentiments of eight great counties, which in number and property contained a majority of the whole kingdom; and he would venture to say, that of those counties, who did not petition, a majority would be found who were congenial in their political sentiments.

An honourable gentleman, who spoke lately, under the gallery, [ Mr. Courtney ' ) said, that in every government of a mixed or popular form, the middle rank of people were those whose voice ought to be more especially attended to They were the true echo of the nation; that, equally separated from the contagious influence of a court and the temptations of indigence, they were placed in a situation which commands respect and attention. This was an observation that indeed carried an appearance of truth and plausibility; but experience, even so far as it applied to himself, proved to be totally fallacious. The sense of the people, or great body of the nation, wras, in his opinion, the true criterion by which public opinion could be fairly determined. The people were now as well as then for the petitions, and he proved it by the mod convincing of arguments, that of experiment.

He had been called upon by the citizens of Westminster 1 in a very particular manner, before he had the honour to represent them in Parliament. He was called to their public meetings, and was in consequence of that temporary connection, deputed by them to present a petition to that House. Having complied with their request, he presented a petition signed with five thousand names. He was farther invited to represent them in Parliament at the next general election : he promised he would offer his services when an opportunity should present itself. A premature dissolution soon after taking place, the moment arrived when it became necessary for him to consult his friends and to weigh the probability of success against : the numerous obstacles which flood in his way. Some of his friends spoke to him in what they deemed the language of prudence, that although five thousand people had made choice of him to present their petition to Parliament, he would find it a difficult matter to procure the fuffragesof so great a number. They urged to him the powerful opposition

meditated

As 1781. D E B A T E; S. 4

meditated again# him. They said enough to deter or diicou rage him from offering himself a candidate, but he knew the people; he per fevered, and success was the conference; for notwithstanding the great, natural, and family interest he had to encounter; notwithstanding the whole weight of admini - flration thrown into the opposite scale; he, or rather the people, triumphed over every obstacle and every combination that was formed again# him.

This was the consequence of the support of the people pro perly so called; they could not be bribed nor seduced; they were not to be corrupted nor deceived : nothing was left untried; it was a favourite obje < Sl; but all the attempts made to defeat his election proved abortive. He was not supported by what is called the great, or what; the honourable gentleman under the gallery, called the middle class, but by the people at large, coming within all descriptions. And the motive which principally induced him to mention those circumstances, was, to #iew that the people were friends to the petitions; for besides ministerial power and family connection, no art was left unaflayed to disparage and lessen him in the eyes of the people : but how was this done ? Not a fy liable relative to his having been an afTociator or a petitioner : no, his antagonist knew too well that such a charge as that would prove the #rongeft recommendation; that charge was carefully avoided, but a charge of a very different nature was urged again# him. It was said, he had voted for taking off some of the disabilities and severities infli6led on Roman Catholics, by the uthand 12th of William III. Not a word of petitions; his crime was, that he had been a favourer of Popery. If, wishing to prevent men from being punished for speculative opinions, respecting religious matters were a crime, he gloried in the guilt, supposed to arise from acknowledging such an accusation. He certainly voted for that bill; and Wnen a mo# tumultuous, outrageous, and daring mob, came to the doors of that House, to over - awe Parliament, and compel that House to a repeal of that act, he was one of the fir# who let his face again# so daring an outrage. He was equally happy now, upon recolledlion, that he was likewise one who divided in a majority with the minister, in support of a bill for putting that matter upon a clear, equitable, and permanent footing.

Yet, after every means used to leflfen him in the opinion of his present constituents, he prevailed. His being a friend and promoter of the petitions, proved a sufficient recommendation, and he was fatsfied that tixe fame spirit directed the condu£t

of

m

PARLIAMENTARY

A. Vjtu

t > f the people in every other part of the kingdom.

appeal to every gentleman present, who flood in the fame. tftr dicament with himself, if they did not find themselves succesc •ful in proportion as they had proved friendly to the petitions

He was convinced it was so; he had made every poffiUe inquiry which could enable him to make a just estimate of die ifenfeof the nation; and he had learned that fortune andfud *. cess had uniformly attended those candidates, where afreet •rfom of choice remained with the elcdors, who had been the promoters or supporters of their petitions.

The noble Lord, who spoke early observed, that the questlon tya ? ‘tota}ly changed; since the last year, associations and committees appeared, not only in a speculative right, as tending to mischief, but had actually produced those mischiefs which liad been fp frequently predicted by several gentlemen in thit House. The mischiefs he meant were the daring, dangerous riots or ip furred ions in the month of June; which, from their complexion apd obvious tendency, were directed to the fub version of all government, to distolve the constitution, and overturn all law.

every {ingle step taken in that transaction, as well as to condemn the roioifters, who were in fa&, no matter whether by idefign, ignorance, or negle£b, the real authors. Indeed, if mere appearances in the first instance, and consequences in the second, were to govern mens opinions, a man, without being charged with an ill - founded suspicion, would be entitled to say, that they were the premeditated authors of all those horrid mischiefs which had been perpetrated by that execrable and horrid banditti. As he proceeded, he should assign his reasons why ministers, at least, in this point of view, as persons interested in the event, might be well fufpafted; at pre - fenr, he should content himself with urging the charge of mere ignorance and criminal neglect.

A noble Lord, not at present a member of that Houfii, ' permitted with impunity, day after day, to use a language which, he would venture to affirm, was never before permittw to be used in a British or English House of Parliament, so long as the constitution was supposed to cxift, orthethref branches of the legislature were permitted, or not controuled by external force. It was not disorderly to mention the noble Lord to whom he alluded : lie meant Lord George Gordon That noble Lord not only pointed out what be

He was ready to agree with the n < tion of the riots, nay, to execrate,

thought,

xyffo B A T E. Si

thought, under the then exiling circumstances, ought to be dpne, oa certain gre# questiona of law and policy, but what, a far a ? he was able, he meant to carry into execution or meditated, His predictions were ftri£Uy verified. The noblo Lord was as good as his word. He told that House, if they < W not acquielbe in his political opinions, that a certain ciaui of people, whose director and whose mouth he was, would hdte the government into their own hands, and deal out that Ptdreft to theenfehres which mini Her s and the majority of that House pro foiled an irttention to deny.

The noble Lord, in almost every debate, for months to other, held out a repetition of this language, and a succes - uoooof threats. Was not this endeavouring to over - awe the kgiflatufe ? was not this attempting, so far as it went, to ' fob vert the constitution ? Ministers, nevertheless, remained Meat and inactive. If these had been the reveries of an un~ fopported individual, ministers might have some apology; h « t the && was, and it appeared by the Journals of the House, that there were great numbers, both in the metropolis, and in several parts of the kingdom, who united ftri&W in fentimpnt and opinion with the noble Lord; this time ministers seemed to be in a state of indif -

to what was passing; they gave themselves no trouble, but seemed to be waiting for the event, either as if they wished for. it, or were totally regardless of the conferences.

immediately before that fatal event tdok place, an incident happened, which took from them all apology or pretence; for the poble Lord so often alluded ' to, publi filed an advertisement in all the new ( papers, wherein the great out - line of his intended plan was faithfully delineated. He invited all the Protestant Aflbciators, to the number of several thousands, to meet him, not in a house, or hall, but in St. < jeorge’s - fields I His reason was curious; for, besides confirming what he had so often foretold, that the Protestant aflbeiating petitioners, by their own power and number, would redress themselves, and compel Parliament to comply with the prayer of their petition, his Lordship observed emphatically, that there was no hall in the metropolis capable of holding forty thousand men. Three day9 successively did this advertise - ment appear, but still ministers slept. The Jay arrived; the petitioners, and the rabble who joined them, came down to the doors of that House, and fully and ftri < ftly verified his Lordship ’ a repeated predictions; and that House was no more —tP tfi ame t war no more; convinced that there was nothing

that

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

that those rioters could have asked, at the moment alluded to, which would not have been immediately and indicriminately granted. Providence had ordered it to be otherwise; for certainly, such was the then Hate of things, that it was the interpohtion of Providence alone which could have rescued this country from total and inevitable ruin. The minute was critical; the people, flunned and ailonrihed, began to recoiled ! and recover their senses; they perceived the danger at hand, which ministers should have in time averted, and a combination of subsequent cir cum fiances, of the moil fortunate nature, united to save this seemingly devoted land. Riots of the moil unheard of nature broke out in almost every quarter of the town; such, he believed, as never be foie broke out in any civilised country, in which the very mob got uppennofl, and directed their savage attacks again# every thing great, good, and respectable; against the sovereign power; the two deliberative branches of the iegiila - ture; the laws; and the magistrates appointed to administer justice in its highest as well as lowest forms. He would not enter into particulars; it would be painful; it would be mortifying. It was sufficient to observe, that part of this Gothic and inhuman rage was directed against his honourable friend below him, who made the motion; and that by the moil unprovoked collection of lawless ruffians, and incendiary villains, he believed, that ever before disgraced any society iince the firil establishment of civil polity.

The noble LortPs language, who had spoke early, might be applicable at a former period, when mens minds were agitated with hopes, fears, resentments, and vague suspicions; hut he confessed he was astonished to hear his Lordship draw,

« from a single fa£l, two conclusions direct or implied, which the fa£l by no means warranted. First, that the riots were the offspring of the petitions; and, secondJy, that the mif - chiels which were committed by the rioters, were a good ground for discouraging petitions in times to come. In the ! iiril place, he would tell the noble Lord, if he was ilill ignorant, that no man more sincerely abhorred and detefledtbe condu < 5l of the rioters than the promoters and friends of the petitions, both within and without doors; that they were marked out by this banditti as the ohjedls of resentment, as much, if not more than even minillers themselves; and that lb far from hurting their intereils as candidates in the sevend counties, cities, and towns which they wished to represent, •the fa& was directly the reverse; for the petitioners, almost to a man, succeeded; while it was known to theconilituents,

who

A. 1781. DEBATES.

Who sent them to this House, that both equally horned Sh a just abhorrence and detestation of those Iawleis ruffians, whose object not reformation, but a dissolution or subversion of all government, and consequent anarchy, plunder, con - stagration, Confusion, and ruin.

He would not say, that the ndble Lord, who was the inno cent or criminal first mover in those horrid outrages and Gothic barbarities, had any design; nor whether motives of a very criminal nature might not be concealed under it; but certainly suspicions were entertained, that he had been set Upon this business by ministers, in order to strengthen the hands of government, then trembling and feeble. He did Iiot look so far, and therefore formed his opinion upon facie evidence, that the noble Lord Was in earnest; but still he could not help observing, whether1 there Was any communication or not between the noble Lord and any of the headi of administration, because the friends of the fame administration now contended, that the delegates, or petitioning represen tatives, of so respectable a body of the freeh - Iders of England, are, if not directly threatened for assembling and acting as delegates, charged, at least, with the commisstoit of a crime for so doing; and told, that they are amenable to the law for that conduct, and ultimately liable to pumfh - rtient, though the advertisement alluded to, and the assembling in St. George’s - fields, in consequence of that invitation, was what the ministry and the crown lawyers have fiuce called levying war within the realm, which they afterwardi worked up into a specific charge of high treason. When he laid this, he did not mean to be understood s subscribing td this crown or ministerial law doctrine j on the contrary, it Was clearly his opinion, that it was not founded : he only mentioned that circumstance, in order to shew how much higher favour the noble Lord flood with administration than the petitioners did in behalf of a majority of the freeholders of England. The noble Lord according to this ministerral doctrine of constructive treason, might meditate and announce an intent to commit treason, or actually commit it, so far as the intention could constitute the crime; while the present petitioners wdre in a manner proscribed for no other reason, than because they, had pftfentfed a petition to that fioufe signeJ by more than twenty names.

He should now go back, and make an obfefvatron or two upon what fell from the noble Lord, so often alluded to, [ Lord Relding ]. - - The noble Lord laid, the riots had secured to tbrf Vol, 111. L I minister

PARLIAMENTARY A 17S1

minister a decisive majority in that House, particularly again# any motion for reformation in the Hate, or fh

the constitution, on account of the fatal consequerHs which. the riots produced i and that men in power had displayed equal wisdom and vigour, in suppressing those commotions, as well as moderation in the exercise of that additional power with which the public preservation had necessarily veiled them. The first assertion he had already fully answered, by demonstrating, that it was not the friends of the petitions who had any hand, directly or indirectly, in fomenting of committing the riots, but the ministers, by their shameful neglect and inattention, or from worse motives; and as to their wisdom or moderation, they were, he presumed, intitled to very little merit; or, if any at all, only that species or degree of merit which a careless or mifcliievous feryant would be intitled to claim, who had permitted his mailer ' s house to take fire, and afterwards exerted himself in effecting its extindfion; or perhaps the simile would be more fit and applicable, if he should say, of a servant who had wantonly set his mailer’s house on fire, in order toestablish a claim of favour, in proving his ability and ( kill in afterwards fliflingit.

That the riots were a fortunate circumstance for this country he denied; on the contrary, it could never be recolledted without a mixture of horror and regret : hut he was ready to allow, that it was a moil fortunate circumstance for ministers. At the moment that those riots commenced, admini - ilration were crumbling to pieces; and if they had been pro - tradled, or had not happened, it mull have suffered certain dissolution, as they would not have dared to meet the then Parliament again, nor ventured to call a new one.

After having, with his usual abilities, dwelt some time upon the circumstance that the breaking out of the riots operated to the political salvation of the minister, he next turned his attention to the imputed wisdom and popularity of the present administration. In contradiction to the first, ne gave a correct outline, upon a small scale, from which it appeared that all our misfortunes were owing to the misconduct and fatal obstinacy of the King’s servants, and as to their popularity, the pretence to any claim of that kind was out of the queuion. It was evident, he said, that they were equally miflrufled or despised, not only by the people at large, but what was more, by all the first characters in the two military professions, the navy and army, which presented a moll melancholy and alarming afpectj because it involved this confe quence, that when those appointed to deliberate, and those

appointed

I

•A. 1781.

DEBATES.

appointed to execute, were separated by distruft and wart of mutual confidence, it was almost impossible that any measures should succeed, at least succeed to any happy or fortunate extent. Situated as this nation was, we required the most able heads to deliberate, and the most fkilfal hands to execute; but if men of the first talents in the profession were driveh from the service, or discouraged from entering into it; if the moderate men felt this discouragement, nay, if the very avowed friends of government declined service, conscious that they could neither understand nor obey the orders or instructions under which they were to act; or, having obeyed them, that they were fare to stand unprote&ed by their principals, and be liable to public disgrace; where was the man romantic enough, however warm or zealous in his country’s cause, who would dare to face such a variety of risques ana difficulties, and that scarcely without the hope of being able to balance them by rendering the state any material service ? It was out of nature—no such character could be found. He would however mention one exception, but that exception Hood upon peculiar ground—he meant the gallant and fortunate Admiral now in the West Indies, Sir George Rodney, of whosehigh and meritorious services too much could not poffi - bly he said; a man to whom his country owed every senti - ment which gratitude and just admiration of his profession fldll, and indefatigable labours, could faggeft. But it was well known through what channel, and by what means that officer was called into the service of his country; he had a near relation in administration / he would not lay that was the channel, but he believed it was pretty well understood that he was not the choice of the noble Lord at the head of the admiralty.

He then, with his ufaal severity, attacked the whole body of ministers, and said he begged leave to make one exception, though the person meant was not in that but the other House. As an honourable gentleman justly observed, early in the debate [ Sir George Yonge ] that a man’s independence was not to be meafareci by the greatness of his fortune, or the number of his acres, t > ut by the frame and texture of His mind; by his disregard of trifles, or matters of little value, when weighed against public virtue. The man to whom he alluded, the Lord Chancellor, came within that description. He Was able; he was honest; and he possessed a noble and independent mind. He was the only person who formed a part, of the present administration entitled to the character. His ' ttceptfan and situation among his colleagues might be eafUy ’

a

gueflea

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

guessed - They hated him for his virtues, the envi# ! him

Tor his abilities they teazed and thwarted him t < $c

every occasion to mate his fftuation ujieafy. But from his own great mental resources his spirit brojce forth, expressiye of the injuries intended, and the contempt in which be held them.

The honourable gentleman under the gallery who ptpffeifed the happy knack of perceiving every object ip. all points $f view but its true one, had, in his peculiar ftije of ridicujf; tjhough by tire grossest perveriionof cofumpm reaipnMig, common sense, concluded, that those vyfrom, hqftffed c$pp - fition, or with whom he bad t, he 1 innocururally tovoteaad divide, always exulted when bad news\f\\s received becaufr the more adverse our affairs turned opt, the more unfortunate we were, the more likely the credit of the ministers would be affected, and of course the greater probability there would - be of a change of administration. Now, if the honourable get tleman had been in the lead acquainted with the subject, be Would have drawn concluftons of a dire#; opposite nature from the same fa < Sfs. He would have argpgd, tpat the more unfortunate and disastrous we were, thq greater likehfrppd thpre vyas of the present set of men remaining in, office.. wa ? their blunders, miscondu6b, apd misfpittnnps, which W proved their bed recommendation. Iu : proportion to ea < their support and power ipcieased, and if any just or certain eifirnate could be at all made, or drawryfrom. experience, 40 foqn as the public affairs came to be wifely qr successfully. r rainiftered, from that very moment their power, cpniequepce, and existepce, as ministers, would be at an erujf

He expressed his aftonjshment, that gen denial, paftipplgjy such of th em as had fat for any considerable time in Parlor ment, should have so far mjftaken its true nature apdeflqnce. It was observed, with much decent folempity, that tbplaft Parliament was no mofe anff that the pjefei differed fewfi It in mapy of its features, and, in none more thm : qpo

3ueftion now before the House, respecting, pqtitipp$ apdjMiW jql ’ s, of grievances. Hef differed widely trpp} thofege&l&i men who reasoned in that manner. He fy In the fifu ? of the last Parliaipenf, and h$ well remcijn r d the, tfp wdJ the lfioufe, and the decided, nay, very epetfapedinafj ikies, by which, the ipipjfter carried, qlipo leysy fife lived long enopgh after to see the opiniq ? vof the fifeufo nearly in equilib. rio URpn theprefumpd n erit or dewth of j£fpp minister. He. was a witnefr ta the fapjfHoiffp, refelv tfrafi t c inffuepcoLof fh ? r crown wa i#tfif i ' t. Cog

£•178 ?, DEB A E 5; aft *

sing, ap£ Ofightto be diminished; and that it watt flte duty of the House to give immediate and effectual rod refs to the grievances of the people. These were ferae of the leading features of the lait Parliament. When, therefore, gentlemen drew wnclufions from the declared sense of the House, in the ' fofr fession of a new Parliament he wilted to remind thedk tbit many things happened in the first fession of a new Par - baWent, which, perhaps, did not convey its present senti monte much less thokleut a pledge to min liters that the pro *

Wiling fettthnents of the time Were genuine, or promised to be permanent.

In the heat of cdnttll, in the diversity of opinion, it wat iwpoffibie to speak with certainty and preciiten. He doubted oot, but feme who voted in the laift Parliament might have bad their particular reaions on both fides of the question; but, making all fair allowances, he looked upon himself in titled to say, that whether the reflations of the hdt fessiont ittrre owing to its verging towards its natural derail *, and theleof the prefect fession owing to their being rendered for ( era years independent of their confritnentfe, frill a great, numerous, and respectable body of men flood forth 1 he champions of, the peqple od the supporters of the popular can fa *

Ibe fame men, who bad remawei unfhalten in the nittfr; « otu trying, unpleasant, and discooraging htuatidns, 1, would )

Whenever occaiton rendered it necessary, aft, m any ether capacity, which the voice of the people, the necesllcy of rM time *, or a call of duty, might render neceftery, Their re -, Mutton, their manltarfr, their perfcveranco, had been manU frfted m their frnaroria ] capacity so often that it Wttald b « tttedlefr to dwell upon, the subject, or enter iivtcv particulars *

Tke fanemiad, the fame senti mends, tJhe fame ftute of chiAfci tegvand ailing, 1 would suit > itfedf to everyptoper oCoafroft tSteh might psefent itfiblf. The persons he aHuded to - acted fata convict ion, frora < a fetife ofduty; they were neither to b l < frigh encd, frduued, milled, nor corrupted. Tha frmo ftettrtttde which had kd them thnopgh so many trying fltlia teMAt ted them/ for - fcene&okgteaoej activity and more pep - tettttbhaaaM « His; honourable friend [ General fturgoynej jjh had expressfird himself so nobly, in the early part of the dchfltc bed alou > A precluded hhn from avowing his own par tjahn&otimemt. ) batarftewas‘bfithesubje&4 he thought hortuudd not better exprofs than, thou by adopting thofo e# htettfoounMe - friebd, which - were, that as he had devoted Malik tuiAealentt ta1 the pcopltj and ) of court fio promote ‘T;. t the

t

PARLIAMENTARY A 178

the good of his coiintry, so, whenever he ( hbuld he called upon by them, both were at their Service to command, so far as the constitution and the laws authorised the call and acquiescence; he meant, so soon as any direct inroad was made on that constitution, and thofein valuable and Ineftima blebleffings and privileges it was meant to Secure and defend *

Public virtue, he made no doubt, would always in the end triumph over public perfidy or want of principle. Men of talents and Sincerity had nothing to intercept their view of distant objects; nor were liable to have it distorted, or misrepresented, through a SalSe medium. This wa < the case of his honourable friend near him [ Mr. Burke ] which appellation he deemed one of the greatest honours fortune could be - stow on him; a man, who, with the virtue of one of the best citizens in the m ft virtuous and unfulHed times, united the abilities of the fiift rate orator the mind and extenfnre knowledge of a pbilofopher; the learning of a real Scholar; the manners of a gentleman; the humanity of a moralist; and the charity of a Christian. Yet none had suffered more. To his knowledge he had been hurt in a particular manner; in Such a manner, perhaps, as no person but one of his frame of mind could withstand. This gentleman, disregarding all local prejudices, or personal motives, was of opinion, that the people of Ireland were inti tied to the rights of humanity and commerce, which is included in those rights. He dtf fitted from his constituents ( citizens of Bristol ); as he had the honesty to tell them, so he had the fortitude to act up to his avowed Sentiments. Ministers were deaf; this nation was infatuated; it was blinded by prejudice and a narrow policy. What was the con Sequence I That justice which could not be procured even by his eloquence, was Sought and pro cured too in another manner. In what way ? By the point of the bayonet. The aiTociators in Ireland obtained by their bayonets what neither the noble labours of his honourable friend, the calls of justice, the claims of humanity, public gratitude, nor found national policy, could effect. Ireland ic - dressed her own wrongs; flic healed her own wounds; ( he took a kind of Satisfaction for her own injuries; ( he was, in short, freeflic will be happy; for ( he has sixty thousand bayonets, ready to point to the breads of her enemies, in case any at - ' tempt should be made to Snatch from her her natural rights, to turn a deaf ear to her just claims of rank and protection.

The noble Lord on the fame bench with him [ Lord Mafr - iand ] had afforded him great Satisfaction. His Lordship well

fetd

le

LiflU DEBATES.

said, that w tenjoyed nothing, the infant he was ( peaking but what we derived from committees and associations. We •were indebted to them for the Resolution, and all the confe - quest blessings, advantages, and benefits which flowed from that tnutfaction; for the Hanover family; the a£ of settle rotntj and in ihort, for every privilege we possessedas Britons, freemen, or Englishmen,

He entered pretty much at large into the subject of the promised advantages which might be expectfd from the appointing a commission of accounts; and seemed to be of opinion, that nothing serious or ready useful was intended.

He contended in point of law for the propriety of appointing committees, associations, and delegates.

He could not help entertaining the House, before he fat down, he said, with a private anecdote. He knew it waft not proper to relate private conversion; but as he meant to fqpprcfs the name of the gentleman, he hoped he ( houkt Hand acquitted in the opinion of the honourable gentleman, to whom he alluded as well as to the House. He was ques - tianed by his friend relative to the signing the present petition; be hoped it would not be prophetic of its fate but when his friend spoke to him, be told him, " If you should figo it as a delegate, by Heaven, you will be hanged $ if as petitioner, by Heaven, you will be laughed at/ ’ He did not; run the risque of being hanged, for the reason before assignedf be now only run the risque of being laughed at.

After drawing a parallel between the administration of Sir Robert Walpole and the present, and endeavouring to prove the legality and right of the delegates to petition, he ob&rved that the learned gentleman over the way [ solicitor - general ] had been taking notes all the evening, and was apparently preparing to rife to answer him. But what he had before observed, it was plain the learned gentleman was pa&ltd, as he had for upwards of fourteen months been making up his mind. He hoped he had at length taken a decided part, and that he would not go away, as had been enflomary with him heretofore, without voting; and for tiniitafbn, if for no other, that an honourable gentleman near him [ Mr. John Townshend ] who, though intending toprofccute the study of the law, to which he had yet dedicated but two years of his time, informed him in a whif - per, that he intended to vote for the question ! His honourable friend was the learned gentleman’s colleague ( both representatives for the city of Cambridge ) he hoped therefore that the learned gentleman would emulate his colleague, and

determine

PARLIAMENTARY A. ' iySf,

fcHfmitein his own fhind, one way or thfc other, whether or not petitioning was illegal. t&r. Solicitor Mr. Solllcitor Gentr ly, of England; role in reply : he ac *

Ctturtl. Jtnewledged, that he had been taking notes, and preparing to say a few words on the subje& before the House, as had beta observed by the honourable gentleman who spoke last, [ Mr. Fox ] but he could by no means agree with that ho •durable gentleman in the observations made by him on his former conduct, when the prefeot question has been difcuflbi in the House in aiiother form.

No man had a higher opinion of the great Oratorical pow - ere, and uncommon i, andalmost unrivalled, talents of the honourable gentleman ' but he trusted he was not fb totally bereft of the ability to diferiminate, compart, and decide, as to be blinded by a mere glare of talents, < when opposed, and apparently ItolWCrliVe of the very first : principles of common sense and common experience, as well as destructive of every found rule of judgment, formed upon, or connected with, fair arguments and conclusive dedu£tion.

Before however he proceeded to debate the question, he wished to set the honourable gentleman right, as to a fa& which he had stated with great confidence; a fa& miftepre - fcnted, or rather totally unfounded, and which he presumed was not through design to misrepresent or mislead the House, but merely from a want of recollection, or from misconcep - tion altogether. The honourable gentleman had repre - fented Him as doubtful whether the freeholders, citizens, and burgesses, of this kingdom could constitutionally present a petition for redress of grievances ? the honourable gentleman iaid, he had been fourteen months making up his mind on the subject; that he had hitherto declined to give a deciliye opinion one way or the other; and by the preparations he Was making, the honourable gentleman expected to hear him that night, for the first time, give a specific opinion, and seal it With his vote, which he had always hitherto withheld.

The truth Was, that the opinion he meant to give that night, was the fame he had declared upon a former occasiofy When the question was first agitated; and that was, that the opinions alluded to, were not upon the legality of presenting petitions, but the mode, prdpriety, or necessity, of framnig and prtfenting them; as to his having fpofee on a particular evening, and having gone away before the quession was put, it was true he had done so; but his motives were conceived : be fat till twelve o ’ clock, and as be ( prefcw

that

A. 1781 DEBATES,

that ij; would be a very late night, full of cpnfuiion and al tcrcationr and finding himself rather indisposed, he thought proper to retire before the division took place.

So much he thought proper to say, in point of explanation, which fairly amounted to this; that the opinion he should deliver this night was the fame he delivered lad l ’ eilion; &at he had neitner hesitated then, nor since changed his mind; and that it was not his doubts, but the reason which lie had assigned which was the cause of his going home before the House divided.

, He had ever understood, that the right of petitioning for any legal or constitutional purpose was perfectly justifiable, W it would be idle to trouble the House With so self - evi - deata pofipon :. he had attended with some degree of attention to the difcuflkm of the subject, so often as it had been debated in that House, and he did not recollect a {ingle instaace in which that position was denied in direct express terms; he would therefore remind the honourable gentleman, if any farther proof was wanting, that he had not waited to make up his mind upon a point which no man controverted, and upon which, if he had hesitated, he must have flood fiogle. As to the mode and occasion of petitioning there were various and contradi£lory opinions; and here he doubted be may have continued to ( land ( ingle, and mufl continue to do so. He had himself, upon two or three former occasion laid. down the law, and the right springing out of it upon as general and broad a basis as any man in that Hoyfe of any description; as even the honourable gentlemati himself ;, but while he was willing to maintain the right int its rulltfi extent, his duty as a member of that House, and his zeal as a citizen * fud a subject, pointed out to him the necessity of qualifying and explaining that right, to shew triere it was proper o tmight be dangerous to exercise; and to Sate such exceptions as were necessary for the maintenance of the public safety, of good government, and for the pre - fenration of the constitution itself. Regard was first to be had to the constitution; the sovereign power of the legilla - ture was to be maintained; that House had its constitutional fights as well as the people, whose representatives they were, and for whose behoof they acted as trustees; and the true description of the right object and consequence of petitioning that it did not usurp upon any other of the privileges or rights of any of the other powers created by the constitu - tion : whenever such usurpation was made, the constitution Vol# III Mm was

PAULI AMEttTAftY A. 1781,

was violated; and whether that House should deny the right of the people to represent, or that the people should compel their represen tatives to a < tt against their judgment, it would be the fame in effV&; the powers of the constitution would be suspended and all legaf government subverted.

After having fully explained himself on this head, he proceeded to domonstrate, that the petition did not come before tb House in such a manner as to entitle it to be sent to a committee. It one sense it imported to be no more than a petition signed by thirty - four persons, who he was ready to acknowlcge were men of the utmost weight and respect; but, as individuals, by no means of that weight as to entitle them to be considered equal to a majority of the freeholders of England. Take the petition in another point ofcview; that the petitioners being delegates of eight respectable counties, their petition was such, aS fully justified the motion of the honourable baronet, that of being referred to a committee of the whole House, and the relief refused or granted, according as the Hdufe should ebneeive the allegations well or ill founded. For his part, after making every inquiry, and used all the industry he was matter of, he was ttill a total stranger to the grounds the delegates could come to that House for red refs. They were a description of men in his apprehension unknown to the constitution; but granting for a minute that they had a political existence, had the House any evidence how they came to be coiistituted; how, or by whom they were appointed ! If, by committees, who appointed them committees; whether by a party, a majority, or minority, of the freeholders in the respective counties, &c. Theft Were qUeftions which would naturally iuggeft themselves, and which would require to be not only fully but satisfatto rily answered before any judgment could be formed how far, if fairly appointed, they were legal, or their petition could be received by that House; or, if legal, whether they were a faithful representative of the county, city, &c. by which they Were supposed to be delegated

He argued this part of the question very ably; first on the ground, that the freeholders names signed to the petitions, as mere freeholders and citizens, were not of l ’ ufficieat weight, conttdCred as individuals, to call forth the particular atten tion of Parliament, or induce that House to come to the pre - fen t vote. Secondly, that there was no proof Ipfore the House that the delegates were the representative ) ? of those Whom they purported to represent; and lattly, although they

wer

3 7

Af 17SU DEBATE S.

were, that they were a legal body recognised by any of the farms or usages of the confiitution.

So much had been said by other gentlemen, relative to the pofhble danger or mischiefs which might flow from the House paying an attention to the petition, as coming from the delegates, that \ie should add very little on that subject; that it was a matter of mere speculation, whether the aftoci - ations so often alluded to, had any tendency that way or not. Those, who argued against such afierablies, he had a right to presume argned from what they deemed just and well founded apprehensions, Those who approved of them, at least a great majority, it was fair likewise to presume, thought them legitimate and praise - worthy. In reasons and arguments thus balanced, he would just observe, that though the measure should be necessary, it was attended with dagger; because when such associations were entered into; when the minds of pen were agitated, and carried forward to objects of reformation, and in some instances of avowed innovation; no man could say where it would end. National ferment once created was not easily quieted 5 and the views of the ablest men might be obstructed, and themselves overborne by that power to which they had undesignedly given an existence, in order to promote the most beneficial purposes; but which in its exercise might be employed not to the maintenance, preservation, and improvement, of the constitution, but to its final Overthrow and utter subversion. He would suppose, for an iostant, that the prayer of the petition was reasonable; that Parliament should nevertheless turn a deaf ear, and refuse the redress fought; and that the delegates were vested with a legal and constitutional authority, to controul or compel Parliament to an acquiescence in their desires. He would defy the honourable gentleman who spoke last, or any other gentleman in that House, to point opt the means of reconciling this power to the existence of the constitution; or argue ppon any one possible lupposition which would not radically afitd every claim to property, rank, and all kind of political establishment, if the rights of Parliament were, as they proft in the event be, either suspended or subverted.

He was induced to consider this doctrine in plainer and more distinct terms, on account of forpething which fell towards the condufion of the honourable gentleman’s speech who spoke last. The honourable gentleman, in speaking of the conduct of the people in Ireland, had made the eulogtum

Ofth5 aftocjatQrs of that kingdom in the most strong and M m a % warm

PARLIAMENTARY A. I7 « fr

warm terms. He was convinced they judified by their con - id u£l every thing the honourable gentleman had laid in their favour; but he differed widely with him as to the ground of merit. He approved of the conduct of the Irish aflocia - tors, for their waiting with tetnper and confidence for the tedrefs of their grievances till affairs were ripe in this country, and till it might be expedient, confident with the peace and happiness, and confident with the duty and wisdom of government, to adminider relief. The honourable gentleman said, that it was the persuasion conveyed by the points of sixty thousand bayonets, that made converts of the British admidration; he denied the fact, and the conclufiou drawn in the manner and for the purpose dated. That the people of Ireland had armed, and associated, was well known; but that they armed and pointed their firelocks, or sixty thousand bayonets, to the breads of Englishmen, or pointed them against this nation, he never would allow. They armed for their own defence, against the foreign and inveterate enemies of their country, not against their brethren in England, or their fifter kingdom; in order, in the tnidd of her didrefs, perils, and embarraflinenrs, to extort concessions from her destru£live and totally lubverfive of the natural and political union subsisting between them. Such a conduct, to call it no vvotfe, would be bale, unmanly, and uncahdid. It would be beneath a generous nation, and unworthy of her well known national character. The truth was, a narrow exclusive policy had prevailed in this kingdom, as unwise as it was unjud. The personss composing the British ministry saw the intered of both countries in its only true light; they perceived it could be only founded in reciprocity and a mutuality of benefits, and that it was mad as well as cruel to deny to that country its natural and geographical advantages; the nation at length adopted their sentiments; the consequence of which was, that the two kingdoms, which had been always firmly united in affection and political connexion, were now equally united by the pronged and most jndilToluble tye, that of intered.

He could not avoid taking notice of some drong ex - prdfions, which were nearly connected in arrangement and sentiment with the opinion entertained by the honourable gentleman, of the use of the people of Ireland intended to make of the sixty thousand bayonets. The honourable gentleman said, that in the course of along and unsuccessful struggle, made by him and his friends in opposition, to the

v

A. 1781. DEBATES.

measures of the present administration, a firm compact and impenetrable phalanx had been formed, whom no mortification or disappointment could discourage; whom no temptation could fcduce; and which no exertion of power, however formidable, could appall or subdue. They had hitherto withstood every attempt to shake their integrity ? to create ' fears, to alarm their apprehensions, or deter them from a manly and firm refiftanCe, to the professed dcflgns of unprincipled and ajnbitious men. The honourable gentlemen went still a flep farther; he prophecied, that the fame men, pof - feffing the fame minds, if called upon by the people, were ready and willing to obey that call whenever it should become necessary. This was strong language indeed ! or it imported nothing. It could hot allude to a perfeycrance in a mere parliamentary opposition, such as the honourable gentleman had so repeatedly promised, and in the instant he was speaking, had pledged himself to : if it was to be received in any ienfe, it mull be, that the honourable gendeman, and his honourable friend under the gallery, who held the fame language early in the debate, [ General Burgoyne ] were ready, without any qualification whatever of the motives or jpftice of the call, to leek redress in some manner, not as yet defined or prefaibed by the constitution. Both those gentlemen were delegates; they had both signed the present petition as individuals; if for no other reason then, he should be against giving way to the desires of persons, who, while by thcii petition they acknowledged the supremacy of Parliament, seemed to think Parliament to be a subordinate power in the state, when they professed their readiness to gratify the wishes and obey the call of the people, when the people mould think it necessary or expedient.

He dwelt a considerable time on this argument, and said, while he totally condemned associations, committees, and delegations, for the effecting certain purposes, he mufl agree with the honourable gentleman, and was sorry to differ with several honourable gentlemen who spoke on the same side with himself, that the nets, in the month of June, were produced by the petitions pidented to that House in thepre - ceding spring. He coincided in tentiment with the honour able gentleman, and was persuaded they had not the leaf ! : raoft distant connection. He only dissented from the honourable gentleman in one circumstance, relative to what he was pleased to call the crown or ministerial doctrines, r speding treason, within the statute of the 25th of Edward III. for he took it to be clear indisputable law, whe -

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

ther the offence was called positive or conflrwSHve; it had from that time downward, to the instant he was speaking, been held as law, that over - awing the legislature, and there by compelling it to ena& a new law, or to rescind or repeal n old one, whether the force was arrayed, armed, or unarmed, was deemed a levying war within the realm, and confe - questly was included in the description of that species of treason, as provided and declared by the statute of the 25th of Edward III.

The honourable gentleman had arraigned the conduct and 1 condemned ministers in very confident and severe terms; and, as usual, adduced the American war as a proof of it; and supposed, that every person in that House, who supported it, had done so upon the moll abandoned and corrupt motives. It yras not his intention to rife to defend the character of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon; he neither offered his assistance, nor did he know, if he should, that it would i be accepted of, or favourably received. But this he would I say, that the American war was become necessary, and called for no such aid as corruption or self - interest for its support. The honourable gentleman supposed, but for motives of self - mterefl; for the possession of power, place, and emolument; for contracts, douceurs, and subscriptions in the loan; that ninety - nine of those who heard him would unjte in reprobating the war. A learned friend of his, Mr. Dunning, on the day he proposed and carried his resolutions so often alluded to in the debate, ( 6th of April, 1780, committee on the petitions, ) made use of an argument of a similar kind. He referred the committee to the language held out of that House; to private conversations, or conversations in the llreet. He confessed, such a species of proof did not bring home conviction to his mind. He was not taught to collet the sentiments of men acting in a public capacity from a random computation of ninety - nine out of an hundred, or from whispers or private colloquies, or running conversations in the llreet. He had learned to measure the real opinions of public men by a very different standard; namely, by their public condudf, for which they were only responsible to their country and constituents; not to their private conduct, of which, as senators, no man could properly know, nor of course judge or decide upon.

He could, however, say a few words from what he felt from his own immediate experience. He was free to declare, that from the beginning, he disapproved of the American

war \

L1781. DEBATES.

war; the principle on which it Was commenced; and for e - saw, in a great measure, all the disastrous consequences which followed. > He was free like wife to declare, that it was the most unfortunate war; but when he laid this he begged leave to add that the question wa entirely changed *

The war, though operations were. carrying on in America, coold not, properly speaking, be deemed or called the Ame - ' rican war. From the moment France declared and openly took a part in the quarrel, then subsistingbetween us and our own subjects, it was no longer civil dispute between the sovereign power and a part of its subjects, but in every sense a war waged with our foreign enemies, no matter where the ( bene was changed. When, therefore, he saw a "majority supporting the American war, he could easily conceive, that them reason was to crush the various enemies of this counity, who were all struggling for that objedh The learned gentleman concluded his speech with declaring, that though be was an enemy to associations, there were occasions when they might be legal, and when even resumptions would be ’ constitutional.

Mr. Dunning replied, at length, to the arguments of the Mr. gentlemen who had contended for the illegality of afTocia - /. tkms and delegations; and, with his usual energy and pre - cifion, supported this great privilege of the subject, as strict - ly conformable to the spirit of the constitution, and not contrary to the letter of the law. The honourable and learned gentleman who had spoken last, found it neceflkry to bwpn with explanation, that he might not end with incon - htteUcy. Undoubtedly the learned solicitror had enough of ingenuity and good sense to difccver that indecision was no longer necessary to firccefs; and that, as he had gained hit poiht without doors, it was now his business to make him - £df useful within, and to, exert those great talents which he had so laudably improved by study, in the service of that ntinifter, whose penetration had raised him to his present rank. It was therefore idle in gentlemen to remind him of former inconsistencies, since it would be no reason for pre - font or for future deviation. The learned gentleman, when it was necessary, had seasonable indispositions; and who would say, that twelve o ’ clock at night was not a becotfiing hour for ill good men, and especially for a Solicitor General of England, whose office required from him the duties of admonition and example, to go tb rest ! He had not a doubt hot the learned gentleman would in future prevent the poffi - bility of retrospective accusations; and after having adopted

PARLIAMENTARY A.

his line, though he was flow to choose, would be steady to pursue. He would not Wlfh that the gentleman should on this, or any night, he attacked with indisposition; but he would beg leave to recommend to the gentlemen, as it was already approaching to the hour of twelve, to observe die decorum which he teemed in every occasion so much to admire, and leave the division to those men who, evert before the general election, were confident or unwise enough to talcs a decided part.

Great abilities, and greater indoftry had been exerted, he laid, in the vain endeavour of maintaining, that associations, committees of correspondence, delegations, and petitions, to that House, signed with more than twenty names, were contrary rto law and the constitution. He was sorry to fee talents and industry employed so idly; but indeed it required both to give any thing like a colour to such a doctrine. After VHiat had been ( o ably advanced by gentlemen on the same side hf the House with himself, it would not be neceflhry to enter into a tedious repetition of the question of law. It was a clear fundamental point in the constitution of the country that the people had a right to petition their representatives in Parliament, and it was by no means true, that the number of names signed to any such petition was limited. The act, which paSed in the reign of Charles II. prohibiting, under the penalties therein - mentioned, any petition to he presented to the King, or to either House of Parliament, if signed by more than twenty persons, for altering the religion or the laws, was completely repealed by that article in the bill of rights, which declares, " If this article meant any thing, it meant to restore to the people that great privilege which the the act of Charles was calculated to abridge, if not to take away. " The House, in deliberating on this point, ought to refer to the cause of that declaratory article. The abridgement of the privilege of the subject, by the act of Charles,

save rife to the demand on the part of the people, and the eclaration on that of the crown; in consequence of which the privilege was restored, and the right established again in all its force. To argue that the act of Charles was now in force, would be as puerile and absurd as to contend that the prerogative of the crown still remained in its full extent, notwithstanding the declarations in the bill of rights. The fame argument went in favour of prerogative that was aliedged in favour of the act of Charles. If then ' it was true, that the people of this cofcntry had a right to petition the legislature, they had a right to assemble together for that purpose, and

C.

A. 1781, ' D fi fc A t fe S.

while their noting was lober, peaceable, and orderly, it was ftri&Iy legal. But it was fold, that associations were unconfti - tutional, and committees of correspondence and delegations; Arguments Were drawn from the Scottish history to prove that they were dangerous, and from the history of France to prove that they were unconstitutional : the honourable and learned gentleman, who had taken this method of supporting the proposition had betrayed its poverty; he mu ft indeed, be pressed for arguments, when he had recourse to the example of countries, which were either involved in despotism, or torn by disorder, for the proof that was required. In this kingdom it was the pride and the happiness of the people, that the laws considered the intention, and the guilt or the Innocence of an action depended on the que an ' me with which it was committed. Associations, committees of correspondence, and delegations were not criminal, merely because they Were such, but their illegality was deduced from the intention with which they were formed, and the design which they thad to pursue. There were many associations in this country patronised even by the crown and recognised by the legifla - ture. Associations for the purposes of commerce, of bene - Volttice, or of science; there was nothing terrible in the name, nor would they either be a bit better, or a bit worse, if they were to assume any other name, and call themselves compahies, congregations, bodies, assemblies, or even con - gfreffes; every thing depended on the nature of the institu - tion. If an association was begun for the purpose of curtailing the legislature, of destroying one of the three constituent branches, of dethroning the King, of refilling the execution of the laws, of altering the established religion of the empire 6r in Ihott, of committing any violence contrary to the con - ftitution, and fubveHive of order, government, and domestic peace, it was certainly illegal and highly criminal; it was an association which ought to be refilled by the civil authority, ind suppressed by the intervention of the laws; against such in association the laws had sufficiently armed the executive poWer, and ministers would be traitors if they suffered either by wilful treachery, or blind negligence, such an aflociafion so for to grow and strengthen itself, as to be able to surround thfe Parliament, and with arms and military array, over - awe Arir proceedings, and force them to what they pleased; but in aflfeciaction even of this nature would be legal in certain rirfttm ft Alices; if even a period should arrive, when the three ItWndiesof the tegiftature, the King, Lords, and Commons, fcotftd by an unconstitutional coalition meet in one mass, and fail to have distant opinions, and distant independance; Vol. in Nn if

74

P A RLI AM ENTARY A. 17 1.

if the Commons, forgetting their origin and their duty, should become the ( laves of either or of both the other powers, then it would be no longer illegal for the commonalty of Britain to resume their just share in the legislature; and the means by which they accomplished this, whether it was by associations, by remonstrances, or by force, would be not right but laudable; it would be an honourable imitation of the condudfc of their ancestors, by which their constitution had been wrested from the rapacity and from the violence of prerogative; in short, associations were always to be justified or Condemned by their intention; and in oruer to form a just estimateof those which had lately been formed in the most respe < stable counties in England, it was necessary to inquire what was their purpose, ana what had been their proceedings; had they been foher, quiet, and peaceable in their department ? or had they by acts of riot and violence menaced the legislature, or disordered the community ? Their greatest enemies could not charge them with uproar, or even with heat; their proceedings had been grave, deliberate, and orderly; they had met to exercise a lawful right, that of petitioning their represen tat ives in Parliament; and in doing this, they had observed the most steady decorum, and the strictest regard to public tranquility. The express tenor of their associating, was to support, by legal and constitutional measures, their petition to Parliament for the redress of their grievances; until they deviated from this resolution, and were guilty of measures illegal and unconstitutional, the imputation could not be thrown upon them; but they had formed committees of correspondence, and these committees had appointed delegates, and from this measure conclusions were drawn against them. Before a hasty deciflon was made however, it was fit to fee whether there was any thing in the delegations different from that body which formed them, and from which they received their powers. Was their purpose different ? no; it was con - fefledly the fame. What was the nature and extent of their powers ? to endeavour by all legal means to give effect to the petitions of the people; by all legal means, the instant that they went farther, they went beyond their powers and loft the title which they had received. Was there ever a petition presented to that House, when there were not feme per - i fons, more or less in number, in proportion to the importance of the object, who were not delegated to attend the progress of the petition, charged with instructions to concert idvife, and agree on the best means of accompli.. ing the wishes of their condiments ? Was this illegal ? Certainly

not

t

j

A. 1781 DEBATES# 275

not; it was practised every day, and whether such persons had the name of delegates or of agents, it was a matter of perfect indifference; the appointment was the fame, as well as the design, and they were both to be brought under the lame decision, either of legality or illegality. All this the learned gentleman thought proper to say, although he knew it, he said, to be, foreign to question, because it had been the foundation of all the arguments against the petition on the table; that it came from men, who in another place, but not in that House, were suspected by some persons, who, upon most subjects would not admit of suspicion or even of notoriety as a ground for argument, to be delegates; it was idle and ridiculous to set up mch a reason; there were no delegates before that House, they knew of no delegates, and they could reject no petition on account of its having come from delegates, because no such petition had come, nor was before them. The learned gentleman with his usual energy, adverted to several of the arguments that had been advanced on the other fide, and contended that the House ought to agree to the motion as a matter essentially due from them to the al - most unanimous requisition of their constituents.

Mr. Attorney General spoke in answer to the learned gentle - man, and disagreed with him in his idea of the repeal of th a&of Charles 11. by the declaration contained in the Bill of Rights# It was very true that the Bill of Rights declared that it was the right of the subject to petition, but it by no means said that it was their right to petition in great bodies, and by its silence it seemed to acquiesce in the act of Charles, rather than to repeal it. He referred to the language and opinion of Lord Mansfield, among other law authorities on this point, and quoted his words, on the charge delivered by him to the jury on the trial of Lord George Gordon. He said the clause mentioned in the Bill of Rights had reference only to the case of the seven bishops, who had been brought to trial for petitioning James II. relative to his proclamation for liberality of conscience, issued under that pretence, but intentionally to favour his popish subjects, who laboured under numerous disabilities created by laws.

Mr. D. Coke spoke with some heat of a refolDtion of theMr. D. C#A «, court of delegates, published in the newspapers, in which his name had been mentioned with unbecoming freedom.

. Lord Mahon rose, he said, to explain to the House why Lord his name was not signed to the petition. It was from no dread of the consequences, and from no difference of opinion : but he did not deadly know whether his instructions autho -

N n 2 rifed

276 PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 u

rifed him to go so far. His instructions as ? delegate from the county of Kent, were to advise and concur not to petition.

Mr. Chgrles Mr. Charles Turner argued warmly for the petition and T rw < r. commented with keen severity on the arguments ofthofe who had, endeavoured to bring objections to the motion, by calling aflfociations illegal. He reverenced associations; it was by associations that we were made a free people; and if ever we are to be delivered from our present fttuation, and restored to what we were, it must be by associations.

Lori Surry. Lord Surry spoke a few words in support of the motion : The question being now loudly called for, the House divided; when the numbers were. Ayes 135; roes 212.

Afay 9.

As soon as the ordinary bufuiets of the day was over. Lord North rose, and apolog. fed to the House for being once more under the necessi y of moving to discharge the order of the day, for taking the affairs of the East - India company into confidention; but such was the state of the negotiation between him and the directors, that though he could not say with certainty that propositions were made on their parr, which he, as an individual member of Parliament, could undertake to pronounce altogether fit to be submitted to that House, yet that there was a great probability of such proportions being before him in a few days. He therefore hoped the House would permit the order to be discharged, and renewed for that day week.

Ut. Burkt. Mr. Burke rose with a degree of unusual warmth, and said, it was high time the noble lord should determine thfe business one way or another. Were they to have the mat -, tei of a renewal of the company’s treaty submitted to them this year, or were they not ? ft was idle, and a contempt of Parliament, to talk, on that day [ the 9th of May J of bringing a subject of so much importance before the House this Ycffion. Gentlemen knew what fort of attendances were likely to be given after that day, and if they had turned their minds to the subject at all, they mud be convinced that the affairs of India formed a consideration extremely intricate, weighty, and comprehensive; a consideration which would require much difeuffion and much inquiry. For the noble lord, therefore, to come down week after week, and say, the directors were not ready with their propositions, was treating Parliament, as the noble lord was too apt to treat it, with contempt; the directors perfectly well knew what fort of bargain they could afford to agree to, if it were possible, un -

A. i7 i. - DEBATES, 77

der the prefect circumstances of the company. Their minds

must, long before this, be made up to the circumstance, and

it was absolutely trifling with that House, to ask for another

week; did he mean really and bona fi to inform the House

next Wednesday, how matters flood between the public and the company, or did he not ? It was. high time that an end

should be put to the fallacy.

The minister knew very well that the charter must be renewed; and therefore though Leaaenha '. l - street might be tq blame for being so tardy in its proceedings, still the minister was not less so for not bringing the matter before Parliament.

The business was, perhaps, of the grea - eft magnitude of any that had ever been difeufled within those walls, yet there Wis not a Angle paper moved for, by which the ’ House could be directed in foirping a judgment : they perhaps would be called upon to declare to whom ' the terrirorial acquisitions and the revenue in India belonged, whether to the company or the Ciown; and they had not a Angle document before them, which might assist in forming an opinion on the subject. It looked therefore, as if the minister wished to cheat them into a judicial deciAon, without suffering them to hear evidence. The minister was endeavouring to draw a revenue from the company; but was he taking any steps to secure thqn from bankruptcy, by supr porting their credit ? Whatever might become of their; n - vestroents, if the territorial revenue was taken into the hands > '

of the Crown, bills‘must, tand would come, from India 0 ( i the company; and their credit must be supported, or the ideft of a revenue would be absurd.

Sir Grey Cooper rose, he kid, to /peak to order. He was Sir Grey sorry to interrupt the honourable gentleman, but really must beg him to keep to the question : at presentyh ? subjeqfc before the House was not how able the East - India cptimany were to give the public an advantage for therenewal of this charter; nor was it the proper time for the House to difcuU the merits of the question, respecting the territorial possessions; but whether the order should be discharge. d pr OPt *

Mr. Burke rose again, apd informed the honourable j; en - Mr4 tlcman that he perfe < ftly ur. dcrftpod what was the question, * and with all becoming submission to himself he copicpivef ] that he was speaking perfectly in order when be was giving his reasons why the House ought not, either in regard to their own dignity, or to the importance of the subjectr, dif -

charge the order before them. ' They ought either infl ’ antly to come to the subject, or to call for such papers as would 3 give

•7 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. I7 -

give them an opportunity of informing themfeJvss on the the point, that when they come to discuss it, they might not be as much embarrassed as the noble lord in the blue ribbon ieemed to be. His conduct on this occasion had been highly disrespectful to the House as well as injurious to his country; mnd when the present motion was disposed, he should think it would be proper to move that the House should on Wednesday next proceed to inquire into the conduct of the noble lord in the blue ribbon, with respect to the £aft - India company.

Mr. s; « r#. Mr. Secretary at War rose, and said the noble lord had

treated the House with every poifible respc£l in regard to the India company. That he had given timely notice of what he thought it necessary to ( late to the House upon the subjedL That fmce the holidays, the noble lord had opened the business pretty largely, and had informed gentlemen how matters flood at present, and what he considered as the proper mode of proceeding. With regard to the renewal of the company’s charter, Mr. Secretary said, he conceived that it would be better tofettle this business this year than put it off to another session; a variety of reasons would offer themselves to gentlemen’s minds in proof of this assertion; and gentlemen mud fee, that in the agitation of a treaty of that kind, some time mud necessarily be spent.

Sea, Jstikk General Smith contended, that it would be wiser, considering the present uncertain ( ituation of the company’s affairs in India, to bring in a ( bort bill, as an honourable and worthy member [ Mr. Oempder}. had a few days since ad - vised, ' for continuing the company’s charter one year longer, than to make any definite bargain jud at this crisis. The General dated, in support of this advice, that at present the company were uninformed as to the real date of their affairs in the Carnatic, and of the late eruption of Hyder Ally, and consequently could not with certainty fix their ability to make a bargain which would be of advantage to the public. By the next year all this doubt would be removed; the company would certainly be perfe£Uy mailers of the late trans - actions in India, and could better say, to what they were enabled to accede. The General therefore drongly pressed the noble lord to bring in a ( hart bill, and take the matter up coolly and dispassionately in the early part of next fession.

frriJftN ' Lord North expressed his adonishment at the warmth with which Mr. Burke had spoken, and said he was not conscious, either on the present, or on any other occasion, of treating

the

floosie

A iySt

DEBATES.

the House with contempt. He was sure nothing was farther ther. ' from his intentions; and, with regard to the East - India bufaefe, he could not but imagine the honourable gentleman bad misunderstood him, since no part of his conduce appeared to him to merit the least represension. He had, as his honourable friend had ilated, given notice before the holidays, of h hintention to open to Parliament certain matters rela -

tive to die present situation of affairs between the East - India company and the public. That notice he had been induced to gwe. In consequence of the company’s not having offered proportions for a renewal of their charter, as he exoe&ed they would have done. In pursuance of that notice, he ad - faled the House soon after the recess, and stated a variety of nbtive fiu&s. Since that day the chairman and deputy chair - og&had been with him, ana a good deal of conversation had pafid upon the subject, which he was given to understand would bet, between this and Wednesday next, submitted to judgment of a general court of proprietors. It appeared to 1pm, that matters might he put into some fort of train, by a negotiation being agitated; and when they were so, he meant to submit the whole to the House, who undoubtedly were alone competent to ratify any bargain. Such had been the whole of the transaction; and he was at a loss to know to what part of his conduit in the business blame was iroptf - table.

Theordcrof the day was discharged, and it was moved, that the business be taken into confederation next Wednesday, whjghwas carried.

Mr Burke then rose, and said, he knew not whether he Mr. conclude with a motion or not, but poffcbly a motion grow out of the conversation, and that would be per - consonant with the order of Parliamentary proceedings, te then went into a warm difeuffion of the present ft Of the India company’s situation, and aiked the noble LqA whether, as well beside making a new bargain with tbftjfompany, which must, he said, be a bargain in the air, he haAmuaed his mind to preparing a sufficient support for the i ilUpWl j ’ l credit, supposing that on the arrival of news from fojfabills should be drawn on the company to a large amount, aqdijl bbftantial support from government should be found xwqrffery ? He said it was notorious that the commerce of the cooippny was not a source of great profit, that all their pre - Uapdeswere in debt, and that bills would be drawn upon ti ompapy, in Leadenhall - street, for the investments of the on their way home. He stated the necessity of

keeping

PARLIAMENTARY A ty8f.

keeping upthe credit the cotnpany, and ftrbngly urged it as a diatter worthy the oobie iord ’ s. most feriouS consideration.. He cohtrafteti the conduct of Jord North also with the con - du& of the company, and contended, that though the noble lord did not seem to have taken the proper pains about the; business, the company, as soon as they knew it was to come before Parliament, had chosen committees, and referred the whole to their inquiry and examination. The noble lord, j he said, ought to have been ready, for he knew the business I rtiuft be brought forward, and he had icarcely any other mat - tfer of importance to engage his attention all the session. j Were gentlemen in any degree prepared to enter into this bu - j finess; which, from its complex nature, and extreme delica - i cy, required the steadiest heads and the firmed hearts ? In; 1767, when this matter was fully and maturely invedigated, j there was a body of evidence, and an inquiry, which enabled, gentlemen to go into the business with some degree of know - ledge; but of the few who attended to that inquiry, he believed there was no one who now remembered it. Mr. Burke apologised for the warmth with which he had spoken, and de - j fired the House not to impute it to bad temper, but to its true

motive, a little elevation of that spirit, and that indignant feeling, which every member of Parliament ought to glow with, and mu ft necessarily glow with, when he saw the mi - : nifter presume to insult the House of Commons, and treat it ' with contempt. I

Mr. Dmp - Mr. cmpjlcrrofe, to add his persuasions to those of General Smith, that the noble lord in the blue ribbon would not think of driving a bargain with the company for the renewal of their charter, just as circumstances itooa at present, but would leave them the little remains of commerce which they yet enjoyed, as a source of provision against the difficulties that were to be expelled, and continue the charter for another year by a short bill. Mr. Dempster reminded the noble I lord, that the potentates in India were at once merchants I and princes, and that dqniving the company of all their caffi, I and exhausting their treasury, would be a most dangerous ex - ! pedienr. The convention llopt here without any motion *

M iO. 1

The order of the day being read, " that the House resolve ! itself into a committee, for the purpose of taking the reports, made by the commissioners, appointed to state and examine the public accounts of the kingdom, into confident ion. " The I four reports made by those commissioner were, upon tno - |. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. non,

D - B - B A T E S.

ati

tion, referred to the said committee, and Mr. Ord took his feat at the table.

Lord North then rose to enter into the investigation pro - Nwib posed. He begun with observing, that the four reports had lain so long upon the table that no gentleman could have failed of seeing and examining them minutely; and therefore, the committee would not think it was now too earlyto move some resolutions on the ground of these reports. The com - roissioners had very wifely and prudently followed the rules prescribed to them by the act under which they were constituted. They had first inquired into the receipt of the public revenue, to fee whether there were any sums in the hands of the receivers, which ought to be paid into the Exchequer, and any errors in the collection, any waste or extravagance which ought to be amended. They then inquired after the money in the hands of the paymasters, or their executors, to fee what part of {he fame might he paid in and applied immediately to the public servicet In the first of these inquiries, undoubtedly, there was not so much to be expected as in the second. The perception of the public revenue was at simple and oeconomical, if not more so, than that of any other country, and few regulations could be made in its reform of any material advantage to the public; but at the same time there certainly might be amendments proposed, there might he inconveaiencies removed, which had crept in, from time to time, and had grown imperceptibly into abuses. They had firs examined into the receipt of the land - tax, which being the most material, as well as the most ample branch of revenue, naturally, occurred to them the first, and was, in faCfc, pointed out to them by Parliament. Their first report was totally qn this fub - y&; they had inquired very narrowly into tne~ system and ! management of this part of the public revenue; and after stating the sums that were in the hands of the receivers, gave an opinion, that measures should be taken to oblige them to jay in the money to the Exchequer fboner after the collection than they nad been in the habit of doing, and more agreeable to the spirit and provisions of the a Cl under which they were established. This matter required feme attention.

The land - tax, his lordship remarked, was collected by persons not under the imihediate controul of the Exchequer, hut there was an officer subject to the examination ana ! or den of the Exchequer; and that was, the receiver - general of each county. Now it appeared, from the report of the commissioners, that their were certain sums of money in the hands of several of the receivers - general, which ought to Vol. UL O o have

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

have been paid into the Exchequer. This was undoubtedly a fa&, but it was thus to be accounted for; a custom, as old as the land tax itself, had uniformly prevailed to suffer a considerable portion of the receipt to remain in the hands of the j receiver - general, and for this reason, the poundage allowed was not deemed by any means a sufficient remuneration for their trouble. That this custom was sometimes carried much too far very probably might be the case; but the general ex - I cufe made by the receivers - general, when they were written, to, on the score of complaint of their delay in remitting the collection, ' was, that they found an extreme difficulty in procuring bills. This excuse might have some foundation in it. Indeed he himself had frequently had the fame made to him by his steward in Somerset/hire, who had defended his not remitting him the profits of his estate sooner, by imputing it to this difficulty of procuring good bills; but there j

might also be, and indeed he believed there was, a considerable portion of pretence in the argument, and the receivers - 1 general frequently used it when it was not strictly true. At 1 the same time that he fai l this, it was necessary to state, that the receivers - general of the county in which they were then fitting, and of the city of London, always paid in the full amount of their receipt as soon as the money came into their hands; and the reason was, the sum was 10 large, that the poundage upon it was an ample remuneration, and they could have no excuse to make on the subject of procuring bills. The receiver - general also of the county of Kent did ! the fame and probably for the same reason, his receipt amounting to 8o, ooool. But there were counties in which the receipt was infinitely smaller; the two counties of West - moreland and Cumberland together, paid only about 6000 or 7000I. Other counties paid i2, ooooL otners 13, 000 !. others 15, 0001. others i8, ooool. and others 19, 0001. The poundage which they received was very low, being only two - pence in the pound in counties where the duty amounted to a considerable sum, and threepence in counties where it did not. The expences attending the execution of the office were great. They were obliged to go round the county, some of thpm twice, some three times, and some four times, in the year, In their journies they were attended by two persons, a deputy and a clerjc, whom they were obliged tp pay; and besides these charges, they had to pay for their commission, and they had to pay the fees of auditing and passing their accounts in the Exchequer. All these things most materially deducted from the profits, as allowed by the 3 acte.

t

A. 1781. DEBATES.

act. For the poundage on the receipt of 6000J. amounted only to 50 !. Allowing, therefore, that upon an average they had each to receive 36, 000 !. the poundage would only amount to 300I. a year; which, with all the incumbrances that he had mentioned of comm i Hi on, deputy, clerk, jour - nies, and fees, would be reduced to the small sum of 20 or 30I. a year. This, surely, was not the way that Parliament would wish to pay the commissioners of the land - tax. They were obliged to grant securities to a large amount; and the gentleman who became their securities had generally an interest in it, by having the use of the money. For this, and other considerations, the board of taxes were not so rigorous in exacting the remission of the duties within the time limited by the statute. In looking to the excise collection, the commissioners found, that there the money was paid in weekly to the Exchequer; and the fame excuses were not made from the country, on the score of difficulty of procuring bills; but then, gentlemen wouldpleafe to recoiled !, that the excise was the belt managed branch of the public revenue, and that their officers were under the immediate controul of the board, - which made the case widely different from that of the land - tax. It was to be remembered also, that the collectors of excise made their circuits regularly every six weeks, that the sums were extremely different from those paid for the land - tax, and therefore people were prepared with small bills against the time the excise collectors came round. But, upon the whole, notwithstanding the delays, the chaises, the loss of interest, and often the loss of principal, which, upon an average of the last twenty years, amounted to about 2000I. a year, the revenue of the land - tax was collected with the least expence to the public of any. It coil no more than lofd. in the pound. The excise duties cost I3fd. and they were reckoned very oeconomical. At the same time he was ready to confess, that there was no mode of payment for trouble so impolitic and improper as that of fuffenng money to remain in the hand of the collector; and if regulations could be formed to bring this to a better and more ( economical system he should be well satisfied. It had often been thought of, but nothing had been determined. There was much reason to apprehend, that, if a compensation should be given, in lieu of the advantages derived by keeping the money in their hands, they would receive the compensation without losing the other advantage. Such an example had been experienced in the office of high - treasurer, to which benefits were annexed by the sale of places. At the Refer -

O 0 2mation,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

tnation. Lord Southampton applied for a salary in lieu of those benefits; a salary of 8000I. a year was granted; and ( since his day the the salary has been paid, and the benefits too. Coula the poundage be lessened ? Undoubtedly it could i not. But measures might be taken to relieve them from the expeace of their annual commission, and of the fees attend 1 ing the passing of their accounts. These fees had been long in use; and he confessed he thought it would be a considera - j tion for the House at a future time, whether it would not be for the benefit of the public to buy up those patent offices in the Exchequer, to which the fees were incident, and by which the delays in passing the public accounts were occasioned. In the end, the noble lord said he would propose to the House a bill, by which the receivers should be obliged to remit the duties within a certain limited time; and that if they failed to do this, they should forfeit their poundage, and also be obliged to pay 5 per cent, on all the sums so detained, for the length of time which they remained in their hand J Another regulation he proposed to introduce into this bill was, that upon the failure of payment of the receiver and his securities, the money due to the Crown, infipad of en Jering by an extent on their estate, and holding them in hand, they should be brought to immediate sale; by which the expence of servants and dewards would he avoided.

The noble lord proceeded to speak of the second report, in which the commissioners dated the result of their inquiry I into $13 cofie&ion, receipt and payment into the Exchequer j of the revenue, arising from the Customs, Excise, Stamp *, office. Salt - office, Hawkers and Pedlars office; Hackney - coach - office, Pod - office, fird - fruits - office. Tenths, Sixpenny i and Shilling duty. With regard to the Cudoms, the commissioners report, that the receiver - general had in his hands the sum of 3, 2881. 14s. njd. which they advise to he paid in as soon as possible. Upon this report, his londhip said, the Board of Treasury had immediately written to the Commissioners and comptroller - general of the customs, to pay in the fame; which had been since done. His lorddiip mentioned ( omething of his design to simplify the duties of the cudoihs, by cohfolidating them, and putting all upon one 1 plain intelligible footing; so that the difficulty that now re mained in the way, both of the merchant and the Cudom - house clerk, as the exact amount of the duties to be paid, migh{ no longer exid; but that, he said, was a matter of too much importance and magnitude to be done on a sudden j and therefore he should not attempt it in the present fession.

Upon

A. 1781. DEBATES *

Upon the collection and payment of this revenue arising from the Excise, Stamps and Salt, offices, ami also of that arising from the hawkers and pedlars, and hackney coach - offices, the commissioners had said there was no room for suggestion of alteration. Upon the Post - office revenue, the commissionen of accounts state, that in conformity to the act of the 9th and 10th of queen Anne, the receiver - general pays into the Exchequer 700I. a week; and the commissioners add, that it is their opinion the method of paying the net balance of the receipt into the Exchequer weeldy, establi fixed by the customs, the excise, and other offices, should be adopted by the post - office. Upon inquiry made by the Treasury, fmee the commissioners delivered their second report, it appeared, that m fa&, the receiver - general of the Post - office, did pay the whole of his receipt into the Exchequer as soon as he received it; that was, he never kept any part of the receipt at home; but fends it all, as sass as he has it, to the Bank; and that; gentlemen would recoiled ! was the Exchequer in this consideration; therefore it was unnecessary to make any proposition on this part of the commissioners report. It was proper, however, that he should say something upon the obfer - vation which the commissioners had subjoined, and that was their opinion rejative to the confoiidation of offices. With regard to the excise and customs, undoubtedly those offices had already so much business, and so loaded, that they bod full employ; and therefore considering, that probably the exigencies of the time might make it necessary to add something to both, in addition to their present business, the committee, he conceived, would not think it right to hcrease their burthen, by fending them the business of other offices to transa£L The four offices pointed out by the commissioners of accounts, as capable of confoiidation, tvfere the fhmp - office, the salt - office, the hawkers and pedlars, and the hackney - coach office. With regard to the two first, they were not expen five offices, the commissioners salaries being but moderate, and the business under their care considerable. The commissioners of the stamp - office met three times a Week, and those of the salt - office twice; but then, when gentlemen considered, that the revenue collected and managed at each of these offices was extremely well taken care of, they certainly would not think of putting it under the management of any other offices; particularly the salt - duties; which, on account of the various drawbacks, bounties, &c. Were extremely intricate, and occasioned much trouble.

After a mature confide ration of the business, and the ad vantages derived from the boards, and the difficulties and in *

conveniencies

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

conveniences that must arise from their being confolrdated and blended together, he was of opinion, that it was a measure which could not be adopted without much detriment to the public service. The only offices that could be consolidated were those of the hackney coach - office, and hawkers and pedlars office; and even here the profit would be much iefs in point of saving than the detriment incurred from the want of regulation. The first of these two offices rendered considerable benefit to the public as a board of police. The whole expence of it was not more than 1400I. a year. The hawkers and pedlars office was not expensive. There were but three commissioners with tool a year each. The whole expence of the office was only 1800I. and of this 1000I. was expended in the employment of riding surveyors, who must still be employed. In point of saving, therefore, the consideration would not be material; and, in point of influence, the abatement would be ( till less, for neither of the commis - iioners were members of Parliament. This would be a regulation therefore upon the whole very trifling, but it would be for the future consideration of the House to adopt it or not. Undoubtedly, when the consolidation of office could be effected without injury to the public service, with out destroying old and established forms, rendered necessary by use, and by which the perception of revenue might be Amplified, or the passing of accounts rendered less tedious and complex, it was an object of desire, and at the proper moment he trusted the House would examine what regulations in this respect might be made. The noble lord now came to the third report, in which the commissioners, following the rules prescribed by the act, had inquired what balances there were in the hands of former accomptants, beginning with the treasurer of the navy. They had ascertained, that there were sums in the haods of the late paymasters of the navy, to the amount of 73 000 and odd hundred pounds, which ought to be paid into the Exchequer, and full security given to the aecomptants for the sums in their hands. Upon this head, the commissioners of accounts had given it as their opinion, that the treasurers of the navy ought not, when out of office, to detain the public money in their hands; and advised, that in that case all the unappropriated money in the hands of a treasurer, when he goes out of office, be paid into the hands of his successor; j and in like manner by his executors or representatives in j case of death, upon receiving a proper security and indent - 1 nification. The commissioners had also advised that an alteration be made in the mode of keeping a treasurer of the navy ' s

v oosle '

A. 1781, D E B A T, E S. 187

tfs accounts, and of doing the business of his office, by altering the constitution, abolishing the subordinate treasurer, and rendering the treasurer a mere accountant. With regard to that, his lordship Paid, the Treasury had taken some pains to inquire how far it would be expedient to comply with the advice of the commissioners; and, in order to be certain of their ground, they had coofulted the navy - board, which was composed of very respectable characters, who were extremely competent to speak upon the subject, and they had all of them declared it to be impracticable. At the fatne time that he said this, his lordship desired the committee to recoiled, that he gave this as their opinion, and not as his; many people, he was aware, declared that to be impracticable which appeared to be extremely difficult, but there was undoubtedly an essential distin&ion. However, he was not himself fufnciently maf -. ter of the matter to proceed upon it at present, or to make any proportions to the committee on the subject of altering the constitution of the office of the treasurer of the navy, ' but this much he meant to do; to endeavour to prevent treaf furers of the navy from detaining the public money, after they went out of office; and, in order to effeCb this, he - meant to move for leave to bring in a second bill, to oblige public accoroptants, to pay the balances in their hands into the Exchequer. With regard to the auditors of the imprest, he said, he knew not whether it might be right for Parliament to purchase those places of the present possessors, and those who had reversions of them; for undoubtedly it would not be fair to abolish the places, without giving an equivalent to those who had a right to derive the emoluments that the office afforded. Next year possibly the subject might be brought under consideration.

The fourth report pursued the fame track, and found in the hands of former paymasters of the army sums to the amount of 378, 000 and odd pounds. The noble Lord stated the rea - fbns why these balances amounted to such high sums, and why they continued so long in the hands of the paymasters, after they went out of office. The sums in this office were kept under distinCb heads; and when any one box was empty, though the others were full, instead of applying the money in their hands, intended for other heads of service, to that which was exhausted, they applied to the treasury for a new sum on this distinCfc head. The commissioners recommended in their report, that, instead of this practice, the office should, in future, take from the full box to supply the empty one. This was an idea which undoubtedly would serve to render the total

3t > P A R £ I A M~E N TTIA R Y ' A *. i; Si.

firm in the paymaftet’s handless; but tbfe treasury had applied to the old servants in that for their; opinion as to the

practicability of the projeCfc, and they had given their opinion that it was not possible.

The delays occasioned in the passing of the accounts by the ©Id forms and regulations of the exchequer were the principal reasons of those balances remaining so long in the hands of the aecoroptants. They all declared themselves willing to pay in those balances, provided they received their quietus. This j was exceedingly just; and it was his purpose to move for leave to bring in a bill to give them the fulJeft parliamentary fecu - xity. This only could be done by an adi; and it would be just that they mould be credited in the Exchequer for the exact sums in their hands. He added, that he for one should certainly think a parliamentary fecjurity an ample and sufficient indemnification; because it was just as well for him, point of safety, to have credit in the Exchequer, for the amount of his balance, as it would be to have the money in his own hands.

He mentioned also his intention of lowering the deductions from the revenue, m its way from the pocket of the private Individual to the public treasury, and in its expenditure, by introducing a clause into one of his bills for lessening the fees j of office. Salaries, he said, he would not meddle with, be - carafe the 5 per cent, lall laid on, added to the other deductions, lessened them very much; but fees lie thought he might dirpi nish without injustice, and much to the advantage of the public.

The noble lord, in a very pointed dsaAner, gave credit to the commissioners for the report which they had made; for the infinite industry they had used and the exertions in thfeir progress. Their reports were short, but they were compre - hensive. They were short, because they had been fully and maturely weighed and digested It was not like the generality of reports that were made from the committees up stairs, where the length was proportioned to the confufign. After, the specimen which they had had of the fruits of their industry, he dared to say that the House would be inclined to wish for, j their continuance. He intended to move, for leave to bring in a bill to that purpose, and to refer to their confidential the extraordinary account of the extraordinaries of the army This expression produced a laugh; but the noble lord laid it was correct in the fulieft sense, for in truth it was an extraordinary account in every sense. He wished them to examine this account to the bottom, but particularly to examine and

A. tjiiu DEBATES *

inquire into the part which related to the American service *

It was a matter of the utmost importance, and the House would no doubt receive the information which they wanted from their report. The noble lord concluded with reading the three motions which he had to make. The first was for leave to bring in a bill to prevent delays in the payment of the money received by the receivers of the land - tax, and for the better securing the fame. The second was, for leave to bring ia a bill to give security and indemnity to certain account ants on the payment of the balances in their hands into the Exchequer. And the third, for leave to bring in a bill to continue and enlarge the provisions of an act made in the last fession, for appointing a commission to examine the public accompts, and make their report to that House. He moved the first of these proportions.

Mr. Burhj in afpeech of the most poignant ridicule, charged Mr. the noble Lord with having on that day given at once the most explicit evidence of his activity ana negligence, of his capacity and his incapacity. He had rnewn that, as the first lord of the treasury and chancellor of the exchequer, he had been negligent or incapable of his duty, and at the same time he had shewn by his speech of that day, that he had both the industry and the talents to comprehend what his duty was. He had been negligent or incapable in the execution. He was active and able in the conception of his trust. The whole of the copious detail which he had given was clear, methodical, and accurate 1 fb perfectly clear, that a pin might be seen at the bottom of it *

He had shewn manifest knowledge of the regulations that were necessary, which rauft have required industry and exertion to acquire; and he had proved, at the same time, that, knowing the irregularities of his office, he had failed to reform them. He drew into a most whimsical point of view the mighty and important advantages which we were to derive from the commission of account. It was throughout, in the very language of the noble lord, a trifle; perfectly infignifi - cant in one part, totally impracticable in another; the reform would not be advantageou in a third; not worth the experiment in a fourth, perfectly useless in a fifth, and productive of inconvenience in a fixtfi. The noble lord had the word trifling in his mouth in every sentence. It was, in the words of the poet,

A trifling song you shall hear,

Began with a trifle and ended;

All trifling people draw near,

And I mall be nobly attended *

VolIII, Pp tw

a 9

i

Bwrht.

le

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17B1.

This was in fa6fc the harrangue which the noble lord had made in that House : for first, no advantage whatever was to be derived from any new regulation in the receipt the land tax. T his was already collect. ed as cheaply and as profitably as it could be. The consolidat on of office was confessed to be a iroft advantageous < bje < 5l, and to be devoutly desired, and yet in the wide range, fyftcir, and machine of government, r. o offices but the hackney coach and hawkers and pedlars could be consolidated, and by this great and glorious reform the nation was to lave the immmfe sum of three hundred pounds a year. This was all theconfolidation that could take place, and even this was doubtful. In no other part of the receipt of the public revenue were there any advantages to be derived. Nothing could be got from the pod - office, nothing from the fiamp - office, nothing from the various offices. But to go to the treasuries, this important commission bad discovered sums in the hands of different accomptants, which might be paid into the exchequer, on granting them an indemnity. Good God ! was it necessary to conjure upon acommission of accounts to tell us this I Could not the first lord of the treasury have discovered this for his country ? Could not lord North, fiift lord of the treasury, have applied to the paymaster of forces, and have procured the 73, 0001. in his hands ? After being fourteen years chancellor of the exchequer, the noble lord could not without a commission of accounts discover that the public money, in the bands of private individuals, ought to be paid into the exchequer. The honourable gentlemen proceeded in the fame drain, and took the language of the noble lord himself as evidence of the inutility, the nullity, and the insignificance of this commission of accounts, which had done nothing but what the board of treasury could and ought to have done; but what the exchequer could and ou ht to have done; but what other offices, largely paid and little employed, could and ought to have done So that this mighty machine had been contrived and set in motion to draw a cork, to do that which other bodies ought to do, and to keep them in idleness when they should be employed. He ' ridiculed the whole scheme and ( hadow of reform. For this the plan of substantial reformation of last year had been rejected; for this the noble lord himself had oppoftd the bill which he had the honour to move in that House; for this he had turned a deaf ear to the bill, which was introduced, and now contented himself with taking little inconsiderate portions of it, and bringing them forward as subjects of parliamentary attention. He had broken the comprehenfivepten. into fritters, and now presented them one by one, as fops, to r deccw

A. 1781 DEBATES. ®9l

deceive, not as a substantial feast, to satisfy the national desire *

A full barvete of ceconomy had been offered to - the House.

This the noble lord had rejected. He had himself promised a crop; and now, it had come to the time of reaping, he went about picking up the leavings of the harvest. the hawkers and the pedlars, and holding up in his hands the few beads that he had gathered. Seducing the people with the profp& of fofmething solid at leaf ! :, he gave a whfF with his mouth, and blue them into chaff. The honourable gentleman, after treating this mockery of reformation with moil severe censure, animadverted on the constitution of the noble lord’s commission. He said that his language upon a former occasions had served to convince him how much wit the noble lord had; but the present had also shewn what was the power ' of face which he pofitfled. After declaring that he could never content to fee a commission of accounts, not ereflei of men, chosen by the people of England, with the guardianship of their property, he said he had nothing to hope n > r expert from the inquiry that they should make into the extraordinaries of the army. The noble lord had been suckled with the milk of the treasury and exchequer he haJ grown fat upon it; and he was enamoured of, and attached to, the old habits. u Train a child in the way that he should go, and in his old ige he will not depart from it. " This was exactly the case with the noble lord; he had been brought up among the abuses of of the treasury and exchequer, and he would not now depart from them. He declared that he did not form a bad opinion of the consequcrtces of the inquiry from any difrefpefl towards the members of that commission; but merely from the specimen set before the House that day, in which the noble lord had thought proper to reject every part of their reports that went to correct the irregularities and ill habits of office.

They had shewn themselves to be men of sense, of integrity, and of ability, as public accountants. Their reports did them the highest honour and credit. As pieces of literary composition, he never saw stile and manner so happily suited toasubject. It was neither too elevated nor too low, b clear, correct, nervous, and intelligible; as nicely adapted to the occasion as any pieces of writing lie had ever read id his life. He hoped that the gentleman wouUfbt well reward - ed for their labours. Undoubtedly they Ought to be pahJj and paid liberally; and whenever that propolrtion was made} he promised to give it his hearty suppdrt; bpt he neverthe eft would oppol ’ e continuing. ' the commission, and that, n < j > l hat bcfjiac ! the ffnalleft objection to them as pttbficr aeeburri

P P a tants

k

aga PARLIAMENTARY. A. 17 9i.

tants. If any strangers were to be employed as commissioners, be knew none more capable tjian they had shewn themselves, j but he would nevgr give up the argument that appointing commissioners, who were not in Parliament, was a scanda - j lous delegation of the authority of that House, and of powers which they held in trust only, and could not give out of their bands into the hands of others, in conformity to the old; ' maxim of delegatus non potejl

Ld. North. Lord North defended his own conduct, and in Tup

port of the commission of accounts, and the benefit which they bad produced, said that a committee of that House, sent up dairs, could not possibly have done the fame bufjness with the fame effect. Neither could he, as chancellor of the exchequer, nor any other of the accountants already established. He spoke of the reports and of the commissioners in terms of the wanned praise; and said, some perfops might exclaim, what a report of ten or twenty ! pages only ! is that all they have produced ! If a committee j bad gone into a room above dairs, their report wouU ) have been voluminous. Undoubtedly it would; but would it have been equally clear and intelligible ? Every body knew it would not; and the reason was, the commissioners had completely considered and digeded their, thoughts, before they drew up their reports; which committees above dairs, for a thousand obvious reafpns, never could, or never did. His lordship said, that beyond ail quedion, the commissioners mud be paid. No gentlemen copld possibly have imagined be contrary. He had originally intended to have inserted a j clause for that purpose in the bill, but at the requed of gentlemen, on the other fide the House, he omitted it; and now it was the desire of the coramifEpners h mselves that their labours might preceed their fevvafd, and that the House might be fully enabled tp judge of their deserts before any payment for their trouble was required. His lo dship went through j all Mr. {lurke’s remarks; and at lengtfi He said, he believed he had answered every thing but his wit, and that, he was ready to acknowledge, was unaufwerable, the honourable gentleman being greatly his superior in that respect. toL Msrr#. Colonel bant spoke for a considerable time, and began with aflppg the ftpole lord, what part of the proceedings of the commissioners of accounts. he could point out, as a mat ter, to the execution of which a committee of members of that house would not have been competent. It was true, that 1 the reports of the committee above dairs were not equally

.. .. .. .. accurate

A 1781. DEBATES.

accurate and satisfactory with the reports of the commiflloners. of accounts, and what was the reason of the difference \ The committees above flairs were not armed with the fame powers. They could not give an opinion; they were absolutely hound down to facts, and therefore a volume of crude, un - ' digested evidence, scarcely intelligible, and which few members of the House gave themselves the trouble to read; and when they did, fewer still could underiland, generally formed their reports. After descanting for feme time on the great impropriety of delegating the duty of the House, and giving its authority to men who were not members, the colonel differed from his honourable friend, and said, he had rather have the present commissioners than none. Next to the committee of members, he should prefer the gentlemen now employed; they had proved themselves able, honed, and upright tiKn, and had his warm applause. He thanked lord North likewise for taking the matter out of his hands; and adored him that he did so sincerely, both as a private and a public man. During a war, like that this country was now engaged in, there ought always to fubdft a coramiffi n of accounts. The colonel took notice of the noble lord’s de - ' dining to claim any powers of wit, and complimented him •n his possessing a great deal. If he had not shewn much that day, it was because he flood on ground, where sense and fe - rioufness well became him. If the noble lord, however, had - '. not that day been witty himself, he had been the cause of wit in others.

Mr. Burton ( member for Heytesbury ) made his maiden Mr. £ •. speech, and in found, manly language, declared he rose to withstand any attempt either to ridicule or to censure the commi ( Boners of accounts and their reports. Both defeived the warmed commendation, and he did not doubt, but great benefit would result to the public, in consequence of the commissioners continuing their labours. The only ground of fault was, that the commission was not thought of looner.

Mr. T. Town/kcndmade a short speech, in whidi he chiefly Mr. T.

spoke of the intention of the noble lord to Amplify and con - T w/W. folidate the custom - house duties. He commended that mea sure, and trolled that the noble lord would make an effectua ! reform, without being warped by any pitiful wish to preserve his influence in those boroughs that were on the sea coasts.

Mr. Townsend approved the idea of expediting the pafhng of public accounts. He said, it was now nineteen years mice be had been a public accountant, and he dared venture to

afiart *

PARLIAMENTARY % A. 1781.

assert, that for five years to come, his accounts would not he passed. He added, thank God, he was rather a young than an old man; but, if he had been upon his death bed, it would have given him great uneaiiness to have reflected, that he rnuft have left his accounts in the care perhaps of women and children.

M u Flier Mr. finer thought the circumstance of making receivers - general of the land - tax pay a poundage, for all monies detained by them after a certain period, would rather tend to, mduce them to detain larger sums than they now did, as they could make five per cent. of the money, than to remit it more j speedily.

Li. North. Lord Northrofe to explain, and said, that as he intended they should pay live per cent, exclusive of losing their poundage, he £ould not imagine the bill he intended to bring in Would have any such eirech He thanked the honourable gentleman, however, for his suggestion, and hoped that during the prog refs of the business through its various stages, gentlemen would freely speak their minds on the subject, as be should be glad to profit by any hint of improvement that could be suggested.

. The three motions were then agreed to, and the House resumed.

May 11.

Mf. Ordu Mr. Orde, in obedience to the resolution of the committee of the day before, moved for leave to bring in a bill to prevent delays in the payment of the money in the hands of the receivers general of the land - tax, and for the more speedy recovery of debts due to the crown. On this a /liort debate arose, nearly on the fame grounds as that of the day before. Jarl Nugent began it by declaring his warm and entire approbation of the measures of reform proposed yesterday by the noble lord in consequence of the reports of the commissioners of the public accounts. These were the measures which he always recommended as the proper and eligible plan on which all reformation ought to proceed. The iteps were moderate, but they were substantial. The reform did not hold out great promises of reform; it was modest, but if the benefits were small, they were permanent. It was a good observation of Sarah, the famous duchess of Marlborough, to take care of the pence and /hillings, the pounds would take care of themselves. But an honourable gentleman had 1 objected to this reform, because it had gone so little way,; it, had not new - modelled the con/litution, not altered any of the old established forms of government. ' Thus was the j

ground

A. 1781. '

DEBATES.

9S

ground on A bich it had been ohje&ed to, he thought, with much injustice. He wished to see the benefit derived without innovation; and he was the more pleased with this reform, beceufe, though it corrected abuse, it left the fabric of the cond ition unimpaired.

Mr. T Townshend resumed the argument of the night be *

fore, and said this great aitd glorious reform, as dated by the noble lord, was not originally the production either of his seal or his genius j for undoubtedly it was suggested to him in a much more fi. bftantial firm than that which he had thought proper to substitute in its room.

Mr. harksanfweed the noble lord, and declared, that he Mr. Awl *

did not find fault with the noble lord’s reform, because it went only to, little matters; but because, in the choice of great and little ohjefts, it bad preferred the latter.

Mr. Puluney said, it was not an adequate penalty on theMr receivers to make them forfeit their poundage, if they kept" the public money in their hands beyond a certain time. The poundage was only one per cent, and they could not make fire per cent, by keeping ir.

Lord North said it was intended to make them pay five per Ld. JTWt *. cent, besides the poundage.

The morion was agreed to.

Mr. Ordt then moved for the second bill, which was fortar. Qri *

directing the payment of the several balances in the hands of the different accomptants into the Exchequer, and for granting them discharges for the sums so paid.

Lord Viscount iifiwi Gated an objection to this, that the vif foms in their hands facilitated the pacing of their accounts, and procuring their final quietus, as they had the fees to be paid to the clerks, for the expediting of this business. If the balances were paid in, fame provision should be made for the payment of those fees, and also to secure against the delay that would arise when the temptation to activity was. withdrawn.

Lord North said, that a fund would undoubtedly be pro « Ld.

vided for this purpose; as the discharge, to be given to the accomptant, was only for the exadfc sum which he ( houtd pay into the Exchequer.

This morion also passed. ’

Mr. Ordt then made a third motion, for the continuing ^. Ordw tad enlarging an act, made in the last fession, for the appointing a commilEon to inquire into and examind the public account *.

Colonel

9 *

Col. Born.

Mr. S

IA. North.

l ord Vif. JHsUn -

PARLI AM ENT ART A. 1781.

Colonel Barreafked whether or not his consent to this motion would preclude his moving an amendment to the bill in Tome future dage; being told that it would not, the motion passed, and bills were ordered in accordingly.

The order of the day was now read for the second reading of the gold manufacture bill.

Mr. Smith dated several objections to it, tending particularly to shew that by the proposed alterations, in the dandard in this country, material inconveniences would arise. It would be for the benefit of the workman to melt down the guinea, indead of using the bullion; and it would be exceedingly inconvenient to have different places for the damping and edaying of the gold articles.

Lord North said, that he wished to see the bill go into a committee, and there receive the mod serious confederation of the House in every part. It was of the utmost confe -

3uertce; and in the present dage he could only say, that a oubt had arisen with respect to the principle, which would undoubtedly demand the consideration of the House. The value of gold in the tale, that rs made into the guinea, was 3I. 17s. 6d. per ounce. The value of it in the bullion was 4I. 6s. per ounce. In the dandard of the guinea there was generally a carrat and a half of diver, and half a carrat of copper. By the alloy of diver, it received a softness and a paleness which rendered it unfit for the workmen to melt down, and disadvantageous in comparison with the bullion; because, agreeable to the present law, the workman could not lower the dandard, but only alter the shape. By the present bill, however, there might arise a temptation for melting down the guinea; which, if it was so, would undoubtedly be a consideration for the House. He widied them to inquire into this, and to fee if such a danger would not attend this alteration.

Lord Viscount Mahon said, that when the proper moment for this difcufdon arrived, he would prove to the noble Lord and the House, that so far from their being a danger of the kind arising from the present bill, there would be a security again d it; and he dated this proportion, which he said he would prove, that even in case of the price of gold in bullion jinking beneath the price of gold in tale, it would be then, as it is now, for the benefit of the workman to use it in preference to the guinea; and that in every possible case it mult be so. The nQble lord said, he would not infid on the regulation

L.

9

At 1781 DEBATES.

Utica lor stampipg the gold at several places, if they were objected to in the committee.

The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be committed.

The next order of the day, for the second reading of the bill to prevent certain abuses and prophanations of the Lord’s day, was then read.

Mr. turner role, and expressed his very serious apprehen - Mr. Tuner Cons of a dedgn in government to destroy, by little and little, the foundations of religious liberty, and renewing those days of intolerance and persecution, when men were not permit - ted to serve God in their own way. He considered this as the fixlt of many encroachments on this great and impor - torn ground, and he called upon the House to be very cau - tiousAow they endeavoured to abridge or annihilate the religious freedom enjoyed by the subjects of this country, of meeting together, and examining the foundations of their faith. In Head of prohibiting such pious and sober difculBons, die government and legislature should be anxious to promote them. They should grant patents to preachers of all kinds, and abandon the mean, suspicious policy of reljgious slavery *

He loved texts; he hated contexts; it was owing to the contexts that so much human blood had been spilt, and so much havoct and disorder had taken place in this world under the prostituted name of religion. He begged the fioufe to have feme ' regard to the confolatjons and the enjoyments of the poor. They ought to feel for calamities, though they might not have fullered them. Charity was their indispensable 9b - liption; and he wished to read them a chapter from the Bible on the subject. It contained doctrines which he loved better than the sermon he had heard preached in his Majesty’s chapel the Sunday before. He here read the 19th chapter of St. Paul’s first Epillle to the Corinthians, with comments and explanatory notes, very much in the manner and spirit of Lord George Gordon.

Mr. Solicitor General said, it was from no spirit of perfe - Mr. Sdicltir cation or intolerance that this bill had originated, and with. no design to destroy or abridge religious liberty in this country; to prevent men from serving God agreeable to their conscience $ or to ( bed blood, and revive the seenes of carnage and cruelty that once affl; £led and disgraced Europe,

It was the fen time nc of sober, well - disposed men, that such meetings as those aimed at by the bill, were dangerous and pernicious in their consequencer, and tended to tlestroy all VoL. Ill, 0 9 religionj

a9S PARLIAMENTARY A. rjti

religion, instead of promoting it, or of enlightening thfc minds of men with nfeful and wecefiary knowledge *

Sir ffvnsm Sir tVWiam Dolhen spoke to the fame effect.

D$ihm. Mr. Sawbridp said, that he conceived there were laws al - ready in being for the prevention of such disorders as were 1 ft a ted to be apprehended from such meetings; and he considered the present as an upneceflary as well as a very alarating expedient. The legiAature multiplied penal laws of lit ? With a degree of blameable rapidity. The statute book of the present day was full of nothing scarcely but crimes ( a circumstance which struck him as exceedingly tsowife, and he could not but think it tended rather to me increase than the prevention of immortality. '

Mr. Frujuj Mr. Ptnvney took notice of the petition which had been presented from the proprietors of Carlisle - House, in which it was said, that clergymen attended their promenade. If so, it was fit that so improper an example should be removed from the public eye. He disapproved of all such meetings On the Sunday evening. If the poor people wanted amuse - ment, they might for a /hilling go to the devil at Sadler ' s : Wells; and if persons had half a guinea to spend they might go to the Opera House, and fee a man stand upon one leg, Who could stand much better upon two; but be humbly conceived that the half guinea would be as well disposed of if given to feme man who had only one leg to stand upop > Mr. Msrtyft Mr. Martjn commended the bill, but wished it had gone

farther. The gaming - houses that were open every Subday in the neighbourhood of the palace ought not to be fufieied i ind yet he under flood they were frequented by feme of die first men, in point of rank and ability, in the two House of Parliament. Mr. Martyn expressed his aflohishment how gentlemen, who from the situation in life in which th ? y moved, ought to be good examples to their inferiors, could reconcile it to their conferences, to come down to that House, and the House of Lords, and make laws to punish those who were beneath them, in regard to rank and fortune, for fmali crimes, while they themselves passed thoir lives in one continued round of offence to morality and decency.

Mr. Ttfrmr. The bill was read a second time.

Mr. Turner presented a petition from the proprietors of Carlrfle House; which after feme reprobation was dismissof from the table.

Adjourned to the X4th «.

uv

A. 17S1.

9t

DEBATES.

May 14.

Mr. Burki aofe at about half past four o ' clbck, and drew the attention of the House to the very important que&on of the seizure and confiscation of private property on the late capture of the HUnd of St. Euftatius. The honourable gen deaian began wkh stating the very great consequence of the question on which they were about to enter. The eyes of Europe would be on the conduct of the British legislature in the present instajsce, and it would be exceedingly necessary to be cautious and grave, to be cool and impartial in their deliberations; perhaps the fate of Britain would depend on the re - fek and deciiion of that question $ for, fays he, it ought to bp remembered, that we flood in a new situation : we were engaged in a most calamitous war, in which we had many ent - mies and no friends. It was a situation unprecedented in the history of Britain, and called for all the wisdom and all the prudence of the government. We ought notfby instituting lichcne of inhuman plunder and unjust oppression, to make more enemies, or to incense and provoke those with whom we •caheady involved. We ought, instead of pulhing war to its extremes, to endeavour, by every means in our power, to moderate its horrors, and to commit no other depredations then such as were necessary to public success, or as contributed 10 national glory. Private emolument ought not to be received sp an excuse for rapacity. By such civil regards, the resent - ments of our enemies might be softened; the enmity might be Aibdued, and their minds be brought to a favourable inclination towards peace. Or neutral nations, perceiving that, Cftn in a ftrtiggle for our existence, we did not deviate from honour, might be brought to applaud the dignity of our senti - flMnts as a people, and alEft us in the confii&. But a contrary behavior on our part was likely to provoke them to unite tgainst us, and make the prote&ion of human nature from plunder and robbery a common cause. They would not stand unconcerned spedators of the renovation of that system of ha - Vtock which it had been the pride of civilised Europe to exe - ' emte and explode.

The honourable gentleman called back to the fecolledion of the House the terms of the manifesto, published by Great Britain on the commencement of hostilities with the Dutch. That manifesto was published on the 20th of December$ the tans and language of which threatened no inhuman cruelty, no uncommon severity 5 but, on the contrary, seemed rather to portend the short variance of old allies, in which all their < M friendfljip and affection would operate rather as the foftner~

Q q a than

ed by

Mr « Burkt.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

than the inflamer of the common calamities of war. It breathed the expresslons of kindness and long - fufFefring, and the menaces which it held out seemed to be torn by conftraintfrodi a heart bleeding under the affliction of unwilling strife. The harbinger was to geixle, that it was not to be feared that the war would be shocking. It was expected by men of both countries as no more than a temporary rupture, flowing from the rash petulance of the parties, and which their mutual good sense would in the coolness of deliberation suddenly heal. The proclamations, with respcCI to letters of marque, &c, which followed themanifcfto, warranted the fame expectations. There was no predatory system threatene d nor powers granted of an unusual nature. The honourable gentleman proved this by reading the various pafDges in thTe state - papers, containing the language of the court, and the powers granted in the commencement of the war.

He now came to the transactions in the West - Indies. The rapidity of the expedition against the island of St. Euftatius was a matter which begot suspicion$, that the orders of government to the commanders on that station had not waited for the event of the declaration of hostilities; orelie the circumstances of the affairs were proofs of the vigilance and wisdom of bur government, and of the promptitude, alacrity, and con dufl. of our commanders. But, in order to the due consideration of the buflness, and of this very important question it was necessary that all the circumstances of the situation and the time, of the prospect, and the event should be attended to First then, it was on theclofe of a most melancholy and general disaster, which happened in that part of the world; a Hurricane which had involved all the islands in common Offering and common r ? iftrefs. When all that extensive branch of islands and settlements had been visited by the fcourgeof Providence, as a correction of their vices, or an humbler of their pride. At such a time it might have been expc&ed that thedtadly serpents of war would for time have been bulbed into a calm in that quarter of the world. Their stores of poiTon being exhausted, and wanting the recruit and fructification which the rich earth was accustomed to bestow, tbit they would have remained for a time mutual spectators as they were mutual sufferers, and would not have increased the stock of their distress, by adfeititious calamities. The hurricane seemed the particular visitation of Heaven, as if the Deity bad meant thereby to check the fury of mankind against each other, and reconcile them by the sense of their common necessities. §pre ] y, when human pride was levelled in the dust, and ttft

i

A 1781 DEBATES. jor

km what worms we were beneath the hand of Omnipotence, it became us to crawl from our holes with a feeling of brotherly love to each other; to abate a little of our rancour; and not add the devaluations of war to those of the hurricane,.

Bat it was not so with Britain; for even when the item bread of rebellion melted with generous sympathy, and Dr. Frank - 1 fa issued express orders that provision - ships should pass to the British as well as to the other islands without impediment, or injury; even this was thought the fit and proper moment by our commanders for an expedition to St. Vincent’s for the, recovery of that island. An expedition undertaken with so Uttie knowledge of the date of defence in which the island flood, that after the troops were debarked, and had reconnoitred, the works and the garrison, they found it convenient to retreat without attempting the object of their expedition.

At this time too it was, that, in obedience to the orders of mtnifters, the expedition was undertaken against St. Euftatius.

This tfland was different from all others. It seemed to have been ( hot up from the ocean by some convulsion; the chimney of a volcano, rocky and barren. It had no produce. Its ex -, tent was but thirty miles. It Teemed to he but a late production of nature, a fort of a Jufus natura, hadily framed, neither Aspen nor organised, and differing in qualities from all other.

Its proprietors had, in the spirit of commerce, made it an emporium forall the world $ a mart, a magazine for all the nations of the earth. It had no fortifications for its defence; no garrison, no martial spirit, nor military regulations. Its inhabitants were a mixed body of all nations and climates; not reduced to any species of military duty or military discipline.

Its utility was its defence. The universality of its use, the constant neutrality of it9 nature, which made it advantageous to all the nations of the world, was its security and its safe - guard.

It bad risen, like another Tyre, upon the waves to communicate to all countries and climates the conveniences and the necessaries of life. Its wealth was prodigious, arising from itsinduftry, and the nature of its commerce. At the time of this expedition there were only fifty - five soldiers in the garrison, it

• Dr. Ffanklyn, on the application of the merchants of Dublio, by the voice of Sir Edward Newenham, issued a letter to all maflera of American Alps and privateers, directing them not to interfere between the charity of Britain and the sufferings of the West India islands, as even war ought to have a regard to the corrections of woviflons. Vide Remembrancer.

such

PARLIAMENTARY A i ) 8i,

such a place deserves the nafte of a garrison. There waste - deed a building which, by courtesy and in compliment might be called a fort. These soldiers too were of the worst description, for out of these there were only twelve men of cokter. Again ( I this island then, so cireuroftanced and so defended, the British commanders went with fourteen ships of the and several frigates, and a body of three thousand 1 arid forces on board. They had heard of no war being commenced. They had received no intimation of hostilities being began or designed. But thus unprepared, naked and defencdefs, they Were summoned to surrender at discretion within an hour. That time, howeverihort in point of precedent, was oh this occasion not only sufficient, but ample. It was necdlefsto hefttate where they could not resist. It required but little discussion or debate to resolve on what was to be done. The I ) utch commander yielded up the dominion, the territory, the public property, and every thing that belonged to the uniftid Hates, to the Britrjh commanders without any stipulation, and relying totally on the discretion, the mercy ? and the clemency of the conquerors.

What was the discretion and the mercy of the conquerors ! A general confiscation of all the property found upon the tdand, public and private, Dutch and British; without discrimination, without regard to friend or foe, to the subjects of neutral powers, or to the subjects of our own Hate : the wealth of the opulent j the goods of the merchant; the utensils of the artisan; the necessaries of the poor were seized on; and a sentence ef general beggary pronounced in one moment upon a whole people. A cruelty unheard of in Europe for many years, and such as he would venture to proclaim was a moil unjustifiable, outrageous, and unprincipled violation of the laws of nations. It was accompanied too with cruelties, ! most unheard ’ of in the history of those barbarous times, when, war was pushed to all its extremes of rigour, and when the sword and the firebrand were in concert. All the property had not only been condemned to one general indifciiminttc confiscation, but the warehouses were locked ttp, and atceft was denied to the proprietors, by which they might have an opportunity of ascertaining the amount of Yheir commodities, and securing their property by labels, or by inventories. Thus deprived of their merchandises, and all the honed profits of their labour ?, there remained, however, this ground ojfbope that by explaining the nature of their misfortune to their responde ’ nts in the neighbouring iflaods, or in Europe, they might procure a loan to form a new flock with, and by ii -

A. 1781 DEBASES.

3 3

dqftry idtyieve ( heir misfortunes; but the next step was to fine pa their books; by which they were diverted of this last rcfhge of hope. All their circumstances were laid open; their fides exposed; and the plac < ’ which

thepe known till that moment a more complete act of tyranny th ? n this ? It was unparalleled in the annals of conquest, lot it was surpassed by what followed; for, the next act was tofei fe upon all their letters also, and their private papers, ft was not enough that the secrets of their trade and their neyknefies should be laid open, but also that the secrets of tWr families should be discovered; the private calamities, A which all are more or less incident, and all anxious to con - & and to furter unknown, were exposed; and their naileries atfgtavated, by becoming a matter perhaps of derision and mer - mSent to insulting plunderers.

ft Would have been conceived, that farther than this even ttiV&ttivetyranny could not proceed; but it proceeded in this, instartte as much beyond the reach of common oppression as itdi of conprrjon credulity. If the fh < Ste were not ascertained beyond a possibility of doubt, he could not have believed that teh acts were perpetrated at such a day by Britirti soldiers. The merchants ana inhabitants plundered and robbed of all &at they possessed in the world, and of all the hopes that they of having their property restored; involved in all the calamities of want and wretchedness, thought it at least refafon - ftfeto exact that, destitute as they were of all the means of reBctuince, and actually starving, upon application, a part at m of their own provisions might be remitted to them.

tr presented an application to the quarter marter general fert is purpose; and what was the sublime and the generous a&wer which the gentleman returned ? 44 Not a mouthful, 1 lifts exactly his exprelhon. Notwithstanding this answer, dey made another application, in the confidence that so jurt a rfwtfcft would be ultimately complied with; still the answer ips, * Not a mouthful. " They presented a third represen - txftod, and they received still the fame reply, 44 Not a mouth - fifl, i Ot a mouthful, if you were starving. " Nor was this the extent of the oppression on the one hand, or of the fufter - hg on die other. Their caih was seized upon; and thus dfefually deprived of every thing but the liberty of drawing diGt zmiserable existence, they had recourse to an expedient ftggefted by necessity, of making use of their former credit tnffi their correspondents in the neighbouring islands, by dfewing upon them fojr a temporary supply. Of this refoured

they

r *

doEce or eimiity might attack

Was

£04

PARLIAMENTARY

Ai 9 4

they were also deprived; for a proclamation was if&ied preventing the ifl ’ uing of such bills; nay, to such a length did j the cruelty of this persecution go, that a bill which was found i among the papers of a considerable trader in the island, drawn upon government, but not signed nor indorsed, was brought ' to the unhappy man, and he was forced, absolutely forced, to sign and indorse it, to his injury, if not to his ruin. After all th/efe Hages of unheard - of oppression had been successfidly gone through, there wanted no more but an attack upon the perfotis of the dnhappy people to finish the scene. He bluih •ed, he fa id, to relate the sequel for the honour of humanity, of this enlightened age, and Hill more of the ChriHian charade r. The persecution was begun with the people, whom of all others it ought to be the care and the wiih of human nations to protect, the Jews. Having no fixed settlement in any part of the world, no kingdom ' nor country in which they have a government, a community, and a system, of laws, they are thrown upon the benevolence of nations, and claim protection and civility from their weakness, as well as from their utility. They were a people, who by ihunning the profession of any, could give no well - founded jealously to any Hate. If they have contracted some vices, they are such as naturally arise from their dispersed, wandering, and pro - scribed Hate. It was an observation as old as Haner, and confirmed by the experience of all ages, that in a Hate of fer - vitude the human mind loses half its value. From the eaH to the weH, from one end of the world to the other, they are scattered and connected; the links of communication, in the mercantile chain; or to borrow a phrase from eleClricity, the conductors by, which credit was transmitted through the world. Their abandoned Hate, and their defcnceless situation calls raoft forcibly for the protection of civilised nations. If Dutchmen are injured and attacked, the Dutch have a nation, a govern jnent, and armies to redrel ' s or revenge their cause. If Britons are injured, Britons have armies and laws, the laws of nations, ( or at leaH they once had the laws of nations, ) to fly to for protection and justice. But the Jews have no such power, and no such friend to depend on. Humanity then mufl become their protector and ally. Did they find it in the British conquerors of St. Euflatius ? No : — On the contrary, a resolution was taken to banish this unhappy people from the island. They fufFered in common with the rest of the inhabitants, the loss of their merchandise, their bills, their j houses, and their provisions; and after this they were ordered

ij « i• /D E S.

paratkm; they petitioned, they remonstrated against fb hard a sentence, but in vain; it was irrevocable. They asked to what part of the world they were to be transported ? The answer was, that they should not be informed. Mull they take their property along with them ? No. —Must they not then take with them their wives and children ? No. —The only information they could obtain was, that they must prepare to depart the island the next day; and without their families, the very kft comfort of wretchedness; —they must appear the next day at an appointed place to embark. The next day they did appear to the number of one hundred and one, the whole that were upon the island. They were confined in a weigh - house, a place ( in some respects ) similar to a tumpike - house but strongly guarded; and orders were given that they should be stripped, and all the linings of their clothes ripped up, that every fhiUiqg of money which they might attempt to conceal and carry off should be discovered and taken from them. This. order was carried into rigid execution, and money, to the amount of eight thousand pounds, was taken from these poor, miserable outcasts; and thus deprived of the fruits of their assiduity, and the comfort of their age, thirty of them were embarked on board the Shrewsbury, and carried to St. Kitt s. The rest after being confined for three days unheard of, and unkoown, were set at liberty to return to their families, that they might be melancholy spe < Slators of the sale of their own property. He mentioned some particular in fiances of aggravated cruelty in Aided on the Jews while they remained in the weigh - house. One of thele poor wretches had sewed up two hundred johannes in his coat, and the money was discovered; he was immediately turned from among the rest; and set apart for punishment, for having endeavoured to conceal some little remains of the wreck of his fortune. Two more Jew9 had been detected also in a breach of the order for‘delivering up all their money. Upon one of them were fourid nine hundred johannes. This poor man ' s case was peculiarly severe, his name was Pollock. He had formerly lived on Rhode Island; and, because he had imported tea contrary to the command of the Americans, he was stripped of all he was worth; and driven out of the island; his brother shared in his misfortunes; but did not survive them; his death encreased the cares of the survivor, as he got an addditional fa -. mily, in his brother ' s children, to provide for. Another Jew married his lifter; and both of them following the British army, had for their loyalty some lands given them, along with some other American refugees, on Long - Island

• Vol. in;

Rr

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 8tk

William Howe : they built a kind of a fort therfc % o dftfepd themselves; but it was soon after attacked and carried by the Americans; and not. a man who defended it escaped either death or captivity : the Jew’s brother - in - law fell during the attack; he survived; and had then the family of his deceased brother and brother - in - law, his mother and niter, to support; he settled at St. Euftatius, where he maintained his numerous family, and had made some money, when he and Jus family were once thoxt ruined, by the commandcw of a Bri yiflv force, to whose cause he was so attached; and in whose cause he had loft two brothers, and his property twice. Another Jew, named Vertram, was treated with as muchfe - verity, nor had the commanders any pretext from his profrf fion, for confifeating his property; ho fold no warlike or naval ( lores to the enemy; he dealt ( imply in China wares; brittle emblems, of the tenure he was to have in them ) aft order ras given, and he was left a beggar.

These cruelties were soon followed by others as dreadfoL The persecution was not confined to the Hebrew nation. Another proclamation was issued, ordering all the Americans without distindlion, to depart the island. Those who hid : retired from their native country, that they might avoid taking a share in the difyote with Britain, as well as those who might have come there for the purpose of aflistine Atnt - rica, were doomed to instantaneous banishment. 7ne next was a proclamation, ordering all the French inhabitants to depart. The next was a proclamation ordering all the inhabitants, late citizens of Amsterdam, to depart; and, Taft of all, a proclamation, ordering all foreigners of every kind, and all but the settled inhabitants of the island, to deparf. The honourable gentleman animadverted, with becoming indignation on all those shameful proceedings, and said they N were not suggestions of immagination, they were not exaggerated by any factious spirit; they were proved by the authority of the St, Christopher’s Gazette, immediately on the issue of the transactions, with the authentication of the government there. The falls would also be proved by affidavits, if required.

He now gave a particular relation of the conduit of the aftcmbly and inhabitants of St. Kitt’s on these melancholy oppressions. The transported beggars of St. Euftatius came there, presenting before them miserable objects of distress and pity. The calamities urerc beyond the relief of private do -. nation. Visited as they had been by the hand of Providence J

-. they

DEBATES.

3 ° 7

flttjr Hardly wherewithal to supply their own neceftities; hoc out of the little that was left, they generously condef - tendtd, out of the common flock, to bestow a something. The honourable gentleman gave an account of the fevetai tops which they had taken for the recovery of their own property end that of the other fufforers. The British subjects in St. Euflatius might well claim respect and protection from Britiftt Commanders, but they met only with insult and ra -

Zjadty. The le£iflature of St. Ghriflopher’s took the matter 9 oeing aflonuhed at the unprecedented length to which 5 British conimanders had proceeded; and after drawing i strong remonstrance on the subject, sent to it by Mr. Moore, and other gentlemen of the committee of the island fcff St. Christopher ’ s, > to the island of St. Euflatius. On their anival, they were admitted to an interview with the admiral tnd general, in the great cabin of the Sandwich, whpre Sir George asked Mr. Moore if he did not bring a remonstrance. On Which he produced it, and after Sir George had read a finaH part of it, he fa id, he could not possibly give any ari - &tr to it then; but, after he had considered it, that he mould Iire an adswer. Mr. Burke said, that the next day Mr. Bli ore and the other gentlemen were admitted on shore to ] jn interview with Sir George and the general : where a coci - ver&tkm passed, of which Mr. Burke read an attested copyf Saving been committed to paper immediately after the interview, and sworn to by the gentlemen of the St. Christopher committee, the conversation wa9 various. The admjral ga e taTeafon for the confiscation of the property, that they used St. Euflatius only as a deposite for their goods, and that they neaot to supply the enemies of their country. And when it Wtt answered to this, that they conceived that, by the Grenada - aft, the tobacco - aft, and the cotton - aft, they were jitftified in the commerce which they legally carriea on at ' this place; that it was a commerce not only juflifled by Elrt - bfil acts, but encouraged by the British government; they Were told in reply, u that those acts were foolish and idlej; that they had been procured by factious men, for partial and pernicious ends. " He could not but observe, thatjt was. a Itery contemptuous treatment Of the legislature of thisling - dp, for any officer whatsoever, to pronounce acts, - which it was his duty to fee. enforced, impolitipj and to y hat been obtained by faftipus persons, and parted, ♦few *. The persons who had brought in the Grenada, tp - fcacco, and cotton, acts, were Lord Beauchamp and Sir Grey Rr a Cooper;

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1 -

Cooper : the gentlemen on the other fide of the Hotife, wotiM not surely cau those two members fa6tiou$ persons; and as the objects they had in view, was the augmentation of the revenue, it could not be said that they had acted for partial < ends. The committee agreed upon the security which these a8i held out to the merchants, whole {tores the commanders h d jfeized on, and said, that as the goods were legally stored. adder the sanction of the British legislatpre, they ought to Be delivered ' up to the owners. Sir George replied, that he and the general did not come there to hear acts of Parliament explained, but to obey his Majesty’s orders. On Mr. Moore’s mentioning the pofEbility of retaliation from the French, Sir Creorge said, " they dared not retaliateand after other conversation told them, that if they or any other persons thought themselves aggrieved, they might go to law for re - dress. No, other interview took place, though a second rt - monft ranee and petition was drawn up in St. Christopher ’ i, and sent to St. Euftatius; but Mr. Grenville, the Solicitor {jeneral by whom it was written and carried, could not procure an interview; but to the excellent remonstrance whidi he presented, received only an answer, that they had tk > time to attend to the memorial. Mr. Grenville ! s reply ( 0 iomeof those arguments was extremely ingenious and firong; Mr. Burke thought it a production worthy of any Solicitor General in the world. He particularly retorted upon thie admiral, by saying, that if it was illegal in the merchants to fend their property for falc to St. Euftatius, the naval officers had equally transgrefied the law by felling their prizes theref.

Having done this, the honourable gentleman came to examine the proceedings and entered largely into the investiga - tion of that right which a conqueror attains to the property of the vanquished by the laws of nations. These were the two questions to which he wished to draw the attention of the House. That under these circumstances, or even without all the aggravations of cruelty that had taken place, be declared that the general confiscation of the private property found apon the island was contrary to the law of nations, and to that system of war which civilised ( fates had of latt by their content and practice, thought proper to introduced

+ The memorials of the assembly of St. Christopher ! s, with fate of the proceedings of the committee, and the admirable letters of Mr. Grenville, are published in the Remembrancer.

Perhaps

1 '

JLijU. TT ' H "ATE S.

Perhaps it. might. be said, there, was no positive law of nations; no general established. laws. frhmed, and settled by acts in which every nation had a voice. There was not indeed any law of nations established like the laws of Britain in Hack letter, by statute and record but there was a Jaw of nations as firm, as clear, as manjfcft, as obligatory, as in - dispensable. First, it was a maxim generally establ tilled and agreed to, 4 < that the rights of war were not unlimited. " If they werfc unlimited, it would be - ridiculous to say that there were laws of war; for as confe/Tedly a law existed to regulate the practice of dates in hodility with each other, if the rights of war were unbounded, it would fallow,. that the Jaw placed limits to infinity,.. But this beipg the established jnaxim, he had it in his power to prove that there were certain limited and defined rights of war recogni fed by civilised dates, and practised. in enlightened. Europe. Firdv he could prove that they were established by reason, in which they had their origin and rife; next, by ., the convention of parties; thirdly, by the authorities, of writers, who took the Jaws nd maxims not ffopri; th. eit qwo > invention and ideas, bat from the consent and fcnflsof ages; and ladly, from the evidence of precedent. Thehonourable gentleman went largely into this description apd proof of the rights of civilised war. From the authority of reason he formed general. opinions and ientiments, entertained and rendered maxims ly consent apd use; " that g king conquered, to acquire dominion, not plunder that y state docs not go to war with individuals, but with a ( late; and in the case of conned does not take possession of, the private property, but of the public property of the state conquered. " this maxim she calamities of war are mitigate }. They are not felt so fevereiy by the private individual, by the citizen, and the Jtaibandman, the manufacturer, and the merchant. This law, therefore, directs that the private property of individuals, in a territory surrendering at discretion, U not only to be spared, but to be ( ecured. The very essence of war presumes offeree, and offence reciprocity. But when surrendered upon featmons ft discretion, ’ and without reftftance, there is no itefiprocjty; and consequently there is ' not the essence of war. ' ‘When men surrender, they are intitled to pro - itfftion. There is a virtual com pa ft in conquest, by which protection arifea out of, and accompanies ' allegiance. Can the king of Great - Britain feizo upon the property of hU subjects at his will « juid pleafpre ? No; non can he us fhp instant of conquest seize on the goods and effects of the

conquered.

i® PARLIAMENT A ICY A. rfl %.

conquered. Not only the Icing of Great Britain, but dveif monarch, however despotic, is bound down by the veryirf fence of his tenure to observe this obligation. For in all government there is a trust rtposed. 4 Shew me a geveri - snent, " fays the honourable gentleman, and I will flieW you a trustthere must be a care where there is a dottrfntaA *, and a kins must abandon that trust, he must give up his royalty and hi government, when he feixes upon the property of the subject $ he must dethrone himlhlf from the jiA dominion, when he becomes the unjust plunderer of his people; and when he thus departs from the character, and the dignity, and the office of a king, to take up that of a robber and a spoiler, there is a sword in every hand to execute upon him the vengeance of human nature. The king, who should receive the surrender of a people, thereby admiteftig them within the pale of his government, and afterwardsftrip them of their property, must, in so doing, forfeit his royal authority, and be considered only as a robber. It was ridiculous to suppose for a moment, that the subject cobid Mb his effects, and all the benefit of regal prote&ion, end yet be bound by the duty of allegiance; or that a monarch ' c6UkS retain that character when the whole property of the was vested in himself; he might then be called lord of the foil, or foie possessbr of it; put he could not arrogate the title of king. This is a principle inspired by the divine Ad thor of all good; it is felt In the heart $ it is recognised by reason; it is established by consent. The right of war were not thus limited by the learning of the schools, by the light of philofoptiy, by the difquifttions of councils, by the3d - bates of legislatures, or by the sense of delegated assembfiek It originated in necessity, in reason, and in the field. The soldiers themselves introduced it; and being taught by ltd ceffity, which in all cases is the best tutor, they adopted, and they exercised, it without having the assistance of lucubration. He now stated, that by the convention of partiet, this law of nations was established and confirmed. Private property was exempted from the confiscation which followed public property on ( he issue of a conquest. A dtftin&to was made in this virtual convention between property fbttftl afloat, and found aftiore. For what reason that feixcd bn Clipboard was mutually ( agreed to be confiscated, he codH not tell. The time was not for distattt when even that inhuman species of arar would be aboMbed; but certainly convention glide a distinpesictbrrirein che goods frmnd tWtt

if 1781

DEBATED

3U

tad tbp ' e found afloat. He called upon the House, and defied them even to mention one in fiance. Wide the present, oft general and indiferimisme confiscation that had occurred wifhui the last fifty years on any conquest or futrender b y discretion. There was no such thing Th; s was the ixiftanc that had occurred to stain and disgrace the age, and the country, and the eause As to the authority of books, he thought them the weaJceft part of the argument, although they nad foOected the wisdom of ages, and had connected, with that d their authors sagacity, judgment, and sense. He quoted YattcH as being the latest and best, and whose testimony V prefewed j because, being a modern writer, he expressed the sense of the day in which wt live As to the testimony fj{ nrec dfnt, as he had mentioned before, not one infiance had occurred for the last fifty year *. The last precedent of fcnen er at discretion he considered as the heft to be ad - qcd. case of Greoada was the latest. There the

I. { rendered at discretion, but oot without resistance, S ‘Eyfiatia. The conquest was contested, and wa9 yon with a profusion of bjood What was the consequence there ? The Count D ’ Eftaign, though a man by no means jjcouckable for the weakness of his nature, did dot venture to ake a general confiscation of the private properly of the habitants, or to go to the lengths of cruelty and oppession lately practised at fit Euftatius. He indeed went farther thai > he ought, in framing certain regulations of a severe nature against the estates of absentees, and to other objects : bat on an application to the French king, he gave full and tipple red refs; he countermanded the orders of D ’ Eftaing, and secured to every merchant, planter, and inhabiunt, the mand quiet possession of their property. The honourable gentleman having, in a variety of moil beautiful and forcible ygnments, inforced the doctrine of the law of nations, with Wpe& to the security which ought to have been given to the private property of toe Dutch in that island, came to speak to the question of the confiscation of British property in that island. In this he answered very fully all that had been fug - gefied by the commanders upon that flat ion, in justification of their conduct, " that they made St. Euftatius a depo - site. for the suppljr of the enemy. If this was true with re - tgth to the inhabitants in general, it was a good eause for goiqg to war; but it was a doctrine universally established, $ut when war is once declared and instituted, the belligerant powers are to treat one another, as having mutually justice jgi their fide, until the final issue is known So that though 3 the

P A i L I A M E b} T A R Y A. ifii,

the perfedioufriefs of the Dutch might be a jhft cahfe - fer going to war, it was no excuse for aggravating the horrors of it. Every war presumed aii offence on the one part, and when the #iufe\vas referred to this mode of decision it was to be conffjdefed as ' subjudice, ' during which time both parties

were iujdtled t6 th fame treattndnt; for it was a first principle, ip, t law of nations, a s ' laid down by every writer, that so ejcpound the rights of war, we mvrft conceive each party to\ave juflvce on ’ ti ' fide, and every - tfiing preceding the commencement of hdftiliiies must be torghtten in that expofltion, To make the island of St. EuftatiuS a deposite was no crime/, In tire spiri of merchandize, it could not be a deposite, without also being a market. ' The merchant does not carry his goods/to a place to lay them up; but to felt theiii / and it jwa$ the known, established, and ad - i mired principle of St. Euflatius to be a mart for all the world, and consequently ' equally advantageous to us as to the enemy. We had mfown open Dominica u oh the fame principle. That had beea taken from us, and the moment that we procured a new Dominica, we threw away its advantages. But if it was a ' fault to fend goods to St. Eufta - tius/ and there to ' fell them, it was; a fault ' for which the legislature of this country were answerable, ' and not tho merchants; for they had encouraged them to the trade. They had passed positive a < 5ls, inculcating in the most express terms this traffic, in which a < 5ts, the Grenada - act, the tobacco - aft, the cotton aft, the general good of this country was consulted; the revenues were enlarged, the manufacturen promoted, and the merchants enriched. These were the acts. declared by our commanders to have originated in faction, for bad ends. It was by them, however, that ministers had been enabled to say that the commerce of this country, and the manufactures of this country, had not suffered by the war. But this specie ' s of traffic had been recognised by his Majesty’s min iff : rs in every possible manner. Nay, on ' this very principle of sharing the advantages in common with the enemy, to be reaped by the establishment of a nfeutral mart, the minister had but the very last week defended tlw proclamation for giving up the right of Britain to chastise her enemies, or fight her cause in the Bahic. The merchants of Britain traded to St. Euftatius under positive act of parliament; and if the traffic was improper oijpemicioDS, only Parliament should be blamed. " But they ( applied die enemies of their country so did the very men who confif - ‘ ' ' : ' ‘ cited

A,

C E ! A T t Si

bated their property, and deprived them of their rights. Thejf advertised it at a public auction, and invited all ' the neutral islands to conre and purchase it; nay for the convenience of these neutral powers, advertised that finall vessels would be ( eld also to carry it off the island It was accordingly transported to French, and American settlements and also to the Oanish Islands of St. Croix and St, Thomas £ from which the Americans French and Spaniards, might be supplied. It was treachery in the merchants to fell their property to the ejicmy ;, h was right in the commanders in chief to do fo& The a# of confifcarion changed the nature of the market. The honourable gentleman dwelt with great energy on this part of the conduct of the commanders in chief. He fold the whole property had been fold for one fourth part of its Value, by which means the enemy had been supplied by go vernment at a much cheaper rate than they otherwise could have been, and a whole people ruined befiaes.

But > if the enemies of Great Britain were supplied from St. Euftatius with stores, it was an advantage that was not cichifively theirs; they enjoyed it in common with the English and the rest of the world; we likewise got supplies from it; and in 1778 our windward islands would have been starved if they had not been relieved from St. Euftatius. If the Dutch had supplied the enemy with stores, and had refused to fell them to us, then perhaps we might have had cause to qomptain : but they had formed an alliance with ready money, let it come from whom it might; and nothing was ever lyith - keld from any one who called for supplies with ready money in their hands. It was known that the Dutch at St. Euftatius had, for money, furnished us with cordage, pro - tiflons, amunition, and even men, for an expedition against the Spaniards; and that they also defeated that expedition, by felling for ready money also to the Spaniards, the very f£me kind of commodities, men only excepted. The island therefore was a common blessing; and as it was opened to us by a s of Parliament, our commanders in chief ought to have felt themselves bound by a double tie not to confiscate the private property; and it was reasonable to

dume that they would npt have done it, if they had not positive orders from ministers at home for all that they wr done : He also was exceedingly severe on the observation of the commanders, " that the British subjects might have redress in our courts of law. " What ! when they had no marks to distinguish their property, no possibility of afeer - Vql. 111. S f taining

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

taming its value, or of watching its ( ale ! What t when they were robbed of their last shilling, and deprived of all the m; ans by which the prosecutions could be carried an t By the exultations from the treasury - bench, when that passage of his letter was read, it was to be concluded that ministers applauded such an answer to their complaints True it was, they might recover their property by law, but at the same time those men fftould be punished who drove them to the necessity of doing so - It would be a ft range justification should the crown lay hands on all the property in this country, to tels the parties injured the courts are open to you But how were many of the sufferer to prosecute the offenders b stripped a they were of their possessions, how were they to pay the expences of a law - suit, while their antagonish might combat with their own money; he mentioned the case of a > gentlewoman, who at the recommendation of a lady, not morcdistinguished for her rank than for her benevolence he had endeavoured to serve in the city *. This lady had many children, and had been married to an Englishmen, who bzi acted as a captain of a Dutch tradciy and had been absenO sixteen years; during all which time he had made his family frequent remittances and about two year ago had sent hi wife word that after three more trips, he intended to make Up his savings, and come and end his days with her and his children in peace and comfort.. It happened that for sixteen months ( he got no tidings ef him -; and lately, to her acto - nishment and despair, not only discovered that he was dead, but that his property amounted to something more than 8000I. which was in the island of St. Euftatius, when that Bland was captured, and the whole of it was seized and confiscated; fa that fbe and her children were reduced to a state of abfohite beggery without in any wise meriting fb severe a misfortune. Mr. Burke heightened the pathos of this affecting case, and put it home to the bosoms of the House, in a manner that could not but rouse and excite the pity and companion of every gentleman present ;, but ( he mufxgotolaw, defthotr perhaps of the common ncoeifaries of life ;, ( he muff : go to law with the rich conquerors of Sc. Euftatius, armed with all the plunder which they had seized ' and backed by the power and interest of government. The poor unhappy lady, also deprived of the certificates of her fortune, prevented fron proving her property; for these conquerors wifely took care that the books inventories and vouchers should go along

with

3 5

A. 17 %. DEBATES.

with the property, and not remain to be brought of against them in the day of reftitutioa.

The admiral ' s ideas concerning the retaliation of France, he represended fevereiy : u She would not dare to do ft. What was this but provoking the enemy to exercise that power already in their hands, by revoking the immunity granted to our fcUow - subjects in Grenada; the inhabitants of that island would then have to curse the injustice of out government, but could not reasonably complain of their conquerors; and an old respectable merchant, who, ninety years ago, fled from the tyranny of the French monarchy to the protoftion of this government, might look back with astonishment, on the vicissitude of human affairs, when he found himself saved by the generality of a French King, and the umuft rapacity of Great Britain.

It was not extraordinary that a man fitting oti a great gun in a ship’s cabin, should nold language like that of Admiral Rodney; for however much he respe&ed his naval character, his judgment as a lawyer could not be expelled to have any Consequence, hut to fee ministers of this country echoing and applauding fqch maxims was - Arange indeed. But indeed, 1it did not want the testimony of Sir Samuel Hood to convince him that it was not Sir George Rodney that had been the author of these ( hameful proceedings, but his Majesty’s mtniffers. The honourable gentleman spoke of the whole plan, which they hud adopted and pursued, as infamous and unbecoming to the last degree : from the unfuccefeful at -

tempt on St. Vincent’s to the definitive overthrow of St. Euftatiue. An order from a noble lord, formerly secretary of ( late far the American department, and now again employed in another department by his Majesty, had driven the Caribbees to defpiration; and this attempt upon the island, at such a time, had renewed all their antipathy to the English die retreat of our commanders having deprived them of an /opportunity to be revenged upon our soldiers, they turned their rage against the British inhabitants, who then resided there, under the prote&ion of the French; and such was the sease the Caribbees entertained of the infamy of an attack upon the island, immediately after the visitation of heaven, lhat they would have facrinced to their refentihent all the British on the island, if the French commandant had not, by the mod strenuous and ingenuous exertions, fereeened them from the fury of the savages. Defeated in our hopes against Sc. Vincent ’ s, our commanders expected, that they might have beep pb ) e to reduce Martinique and Guadaloupe by fa *

S $ a f xninp,

316

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 r.

nine, in consequence of the destruction of provisions by the late hurricanes; but we loft the opportunity of shewing that we were inhuman, and had not the satisfaction of starving either of these islands into a surrender.

Their attempt on St. Euftatius had been mote foccefsful, and it seemed to ministers, as well as officers with transport, that they had been able to conquer a people that did not refiffc, and plunder them when they surrendered to their mercy. The honourable gentleman, concluded with a solemn appeal to the House, whether it was fit that the legislature of Great Britain should be the first to plunge Europe into all the hor - rors of barbarity, and institute a system of devastation, which would not only bring disgrace, but in all probability ruin upon ourselves. He wished to bring the matter properly be fore the H use, that they might be fully possessedof the facts before they proceeded to a decilion; for he sincerely wished them to be deliberate, to be impartial, to be disinterested. It was a oueftron as important as any one that had ever cpme before them, for it was from their condu£l that Europe was to learn the system of Britain, and by which they \yere to be forced to regulate their own : he therefore moved,

" That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, that hip will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, copies of all proclamations, memorials, orders, and instructions, and of all official corref - pondence from and to any of his Majesty’s miqifters, relative to the disposition of the property belonging to the States - Generals and to individuals, inhabiting or mterested in the places or territories taken from the said StatesnGpneral in the West - Indies. "

Mr. T. Mr. T. Stanley seconded the motion of his honourable ' friend, The transactions of the fleet and army at the island of St. Euftatius were so tFuly impolitic and disgraceful that they required the most severe represension from every man who paid regard either to the feelings of human nature or to the character of Britain. The honourable gentleman, who had made the motion, had given so comprehensive, just, and forcible a view of the business, that it was hardly possible to add any thing on the subject to throw more light on the fa < $, or imprels it more sensibly on the mind. It was material for the House to inquire whether the comroandei s had received orders from ministers at home, or had acted in this manner from their own mere motion. The present motion was not to blaipev but to inquire. To procure infight and information, not to inflict punishment. He considered the

late

3 7

Al 781. DEBATES.

hte con&fcttion as a kind of military loan, levied for the use of the army£ and said, as the noble lord in the blue ribbond had lately fubfidifed his parliamentary troops to keep them faithful, he probably hit upon that method of fubfidiling his military troops abroad, to preserve their attachment to him.

Mr. Stanley said farther, that he and his colleague had presented a petition to his Majesty, from one hundred and twent - four respectable merchants at Liverpool, who were deeply affected by the late confiscations in the island of St. Euftatius; that the petition was at first sent to the members for Liverpool to present, but they had refused to do it '; he left it to the House, therefore, to consider what fort of construction was to be put upon the conduct of members, who were so much at the minified nod, as to venture to refuse discharging their duty to their constituents, when called upon by diem for that purpose. He trusted that the House would on the present occasion shew a becoming abhorrence of the > '

Heps that were taken in the reduction of St. Euftatius, by which only the nation could expect to escape the dreadful consequences of that conduct.

The motion being read m form by the speaker, Mr.

Gafroignty JuHmrofe to explain the circumstance mentioned

by the honourable gentleman who had spoken last; and said,. tneaccusation was ill - founded; for that the petition had never been font to him or his colleague, hut that two other petitions were; on one of which they wrote a joint letter, containing their reaions for not coinciding in opinion with all the allegations of the petition, submitting those reasons to the subscribers of the petition, and declaring at the same time, that if these reasons should not convince the gentlemen who had subscribed it, that then they would present it immediately, bolding it to be their duty, at all times, to comply with the wifties of their constituents, This letter they sent off to Liverpool by express, but never heard any more of the matter.

The other petition they had presented to the noble lord at the head of the American department. With regard to the present question, Mr. Gascoigne said, he was not prepared to enter into the consideration of it, he should only say, that in determining upon great national points, he must hear strong and convincing arguments, and found principles of law, laid down to prove any position of so important a nature to his satisfaction. Pathetic and affecting narratives of private mi - fery and distress naturally found their way to the heart, and served to catch the passions; but they were not the fort of

ground

3i *

PARLIAMENTARY

A, 1781 *

Mr. fete tofm.

# ground for the head and underAanding to rely on with fecit *

rity,

Mr. Rawlhtfon also explained his conduct relative to the petition, and mentioned his being himself materially affected by the late confiscations at St. EuAatius. He therefore ear weAly called upon the noble lord to know, whether he had feat out any orders for a general confiscation of the British property, legally imported into that island under authority of JJritiih a < 5U of parliament.

Ctp. yx#/ - Captain John Luttretl said, that he rose with equal zeal for 9rtU the military and naval service, for the commercial interest of his country, and for the general good of the ( late, to express his wish that the previous queilion might take place of Mr.

’ Burke’s motion and that although he knew not what those

reafoqs were which the honourable member had before offered for commencing the inquiry, yet to judge of them by such. as had then been given, he was persuaded, that tfee motion

was premature and unnecessary, nd was sure, that it would appear to be very unreasonable. He said, he fho. yid Band ia reed of an apology to the House and to the Speyer, ' £ he pre fumed to solicit their attention, with a view to flake his poor abilities againA Mr. Burke’s £onfpicnous talents, or to enter upon elaborate and unequal argument wkh that gentleman whose power of persuasion, and whose gift of eloquence, gave charms to his plea, which the others mu A go unadorned with; and that therefore, it was with becoming diffidencp, he ven lured to oppose an opinion to that of the honourable member at any time, but particularly so, when, from his own after lions, the objections to the motion rose in his mind; for if jt really was intended to charge Admiral Sir George Kodney with having wantonly and unwarrantably seized the efcates of individuals at St. Euftatius, that by the iron Hand of power he had transported their owners to a diAant isle, and had dil - posed of their property without sufficient cause or right so tQ do, such proceedings would be highly proper for parliament ary inveAigation at a future period; but surely were preina ture even to liAen to, much more to difeufs, wliiie that adooi ral was employed in the service of his country in another part o ( the world, where he had done the ( late great service, and could neither be apprised of such attack, be prepared for hit defence, or be present to be heard in his juAification.

He said, he apprehended that the territorial acquHltion was a right inherent in the Crown, which could not be alienated and therefore those planters, who were willing to take the oaths of allegiance to the king, as lord the foil, ought to

retain

- I

A. iySu *

DEBATES.

5 9

retain the potie&on of their estates, /lores, and negroes; but that all other property seized at St. Eustatia, : whether bek > nging to the states - general, to their subjects, or to any other persons, who were inhabitants of the ifkmd, at the time of tha surrender, was forfeited to the takers; and that all negroes mailers, malattoes, quadroons, famboos, or people of mixed eolour, slaves to the states - general, to the congress of Amern ca, or to the government of any other country at war wiA Great - Britain, were liable to be transported to our West - Inditf idands; there to be sold, after condemnation, as much as any ether property seized from the enemy; he said, there might be reasons also, with which Parliament were not then acquainted, that would justify Sir George Rodney in a temporary removal of persons of other descriptions from that island. That therefore, having ’ had the honour to serve for a very sonfidefable time under that gallant admiral, and of knowing hjm very intimately, he could not hastily credit, that he had acted at St. Euftatius so very unlike himself as the honourable ? gentleman had thought proper to represent. He said, if go - rernment had acquiesced in the confiscation of seizures madw at Si. Euftatiusj as far as such acquiescence could be construed

lo extend, or have legal operation, they had done that which ? foiftrd policy and ftriX justice required them to do; but that HO property could be forfeited, unless it was proved to belong 16 the enemy, to persons inhabiting within their dominions, of to have been consigned for their use. In the two first in statoees, he would /hew the right of capture to be indisputable; id the latter, he observed, that where persons engaged in a contraband and illicit trade, with a view to exorbitant gain, and coofulting no interest but their own, they must submit to aBfde the consequences attending it, and were liable to seizure, as well by the government of the country to which they traded, a of ' chat from whence they came; nor ought they to expert ' from the Crown, or from the captors, reilitution of What they had forfeited by law; for that, when merchants of this fcorfnfry will enteF into commercial connexions with thofo of the enemy, their interest and property become so interwoven and cemented, that you could not favour the claim of the one to the preclufion of the rest; and therefore, were fitch applications to be attended to, by mercantile management, ail that had concerns in the trade would eventually reap equal benefit; but, fays lie, those who are carrying oa tnunfc at St. Eustatia within the pale of the law are perfeXly teefcre, and need be under no apprehensions; for the effeXs there faffed mult be labelled/ and proceeded against in the first court of

4

PARLIAMENTARY A. 78 *.

of vice admiralty, within the jurisdiction of which they afte arrive, and it will then come from the mouth of the captured tfiat the property was such as has been described, before. any, judge could proceed to sentence of condemnation, or to pro pounce for the interest of the Crown, or that of any other i parties. Heobserved, that the admiralty - court was in the first instance the moil competent and proper to determine the tight of prize, and prior to such adjudication, he defied the penetrating eye even of a Burke to discover what claims vyould be rejected, and whether they were sufficiently supported by evidence to warrant any man in saying they were legal ones; nor could he comprehend how Parliament, without such guide, were to form a perfect judgment on the merits of the proceedings had at St. Eustatia.

The honourable gentleman said, that the hour had never. yet arrived, which government judged seasonable to exercise a power of restoring any seizures which were legally made by the military in times of war; that on all conjunS expeditions, from the time of taking Vigo, in the year 1702, to the present hour, the Crown had acceded to the aivision of the booty, as agreed on amongst the captors, without interfering farther -; and whether it would be warrantable to do otherwise, was with him as much a matter of doubt, as with any one right which remained to be determined; but sure he was, that the present could not be the hour, when harmony and confidence were so essentially necessary to subsist between the governing and executive powers, to strengthen the arm of war, for uiilry to enter into litigation on the subject with the army and navy. The latter of which, he contended, had an mdt£ - putable right to a large proportion of every kind of feizaire which could be made trom the enemy in times of war, under the king’s proclamation, and a liberal construction of the prize acb : from the former he then read the following sage : " All ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the fta general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or to any Other persons, inhabitants within any of their territories, may be lawfully seized and brought to judgment in the admiralty courts; and that all manner of captures, seizures, prizes and reprisals, shall be given to the takers. "

Now, said he, the English language cannot furnish words more expressive of the intention in the Crown to give every kind of capture to the takers than those conveyed which Ip had read, nor could there, in his mind, be a taking but wfeftt bore analogy to the gift; which, he observed, was a general j one, being neither confined to the land nor to the iea } hit

hem

A. 1J&X4 DEBATES.

where the power of division was delegated to a third party, tlat it became necessary to be specified; and the king having only distributed such captures as were to be made by ships of war, he left to Parliament the division of prizes taken by letters of marque and privateers : therefore he desired to refer to the general prize a& of the 19th of the present king, which he said, by a subsequent ad of this session of Parliament, had been extended to Diitch seizures; and the House coupling the proclamation with the act of Parliament, would then fee how such division applied to the kind of capture made at Sr. Euftatius; from that ad the clerk proceeded to read as follows : " That the commanders of our ships and vessels m; iy attack, fiirprize, seize, and take with such ship or veil ' d, or with the crew thereof, all place, or fortress upon the land, or any ship, ammunition, arms, ( lores of war, goods, or merchandize, belonging to or possessed by any of his Majesty ' s enemies upon the land : and that the whole thereof, after final adjudication pi the admiralty - court, shall belong to the takers, and that neither his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or any other per - ( on or persons whatsoever, other than the captors, shall be entitled to any part thereof. "

. Then it is clear, that if St. Euftatius, like St. Martin ’ s, had Wen taken by privateers, or by letters of marque and their crews, they would have had the right to every thing, except the territory : and will it be believed that the legislature meant to give better encouragement to privateers and lettern of marque for their services than had been extended by proclamation to the king’s officers and seamen, or that they intended to divide a capture, the right to which remained inhe - rent in the Crown, and was of course at the disposal of the king alone ? that, he said, could never be supposed, and there *, fore it appeared to him as clear as the fun at noon - day that bad the island been subdued by a naval force, they would have Wen entitled to the whole benefit, as was the case when lord Aofon’s squadroa plundered the Spanish settlements in the South Seas. Then could it be contended, that because a certain number of land officers and soldiers were aiding and assis - ting to the taking, that therefore the sea Drvice became entitled to nothing at all, or that their rights could be otherwise diminifeed, than proportionally to the rank and numbers of themilitary, which acted with the navy on that expedition. All these matters, said the captain, and many others of very ( eriout consequence, must come into debate, if this inquiry is now proceeded on; the mischief it might create he would not feature to anticipitate. One word more, he said, in answer •. Vow III. Tt to

i

3 PARLIAMENTARY ’ A. 1781.

to the honourable member ' s complaint, that Sir George Rodney refilled to allow an account to be taken of the ftotes and merchandize seized at St. Euftatius, and claimed by Engli fh merchants as their private property, and that he would not allow them to be maiked : it was not pretended that their books and papers were seized, which, with the voce evi - ' dence of their clerks, would sufficiently prove to the admiralty court their right, whatever it might be; but that Sir George Rodney could not, confident with his duty to this country and to the captors, have acted otherwise; for that all captors are required immediately on seizure to put the king’s locks on the efre&s, and to fuffeV no person to have access thereto until after condemnation : were it otherwise, lie said, favour would be /hewn to some; embezzlement would follow to the prejudice of others, and when sentence had been pronounced, the goods might not be forthcoming; be/ides, every common seamen, whose /hare might be but a guinea, where die admiral’s was a thousand, had a right to object to any restitution and to insist that every thing seized at St - Euftatius, though but the value of a fleeverbutton, /hould be brought to legal adjudication; and that the admiralty - court alone, not Sir George Rodney, had the right of determining what belonged to the captor, and what to the claimants. He apologised to the House for having intruded so early and so long in the business, but observed, that where the honour of his friend and the welfare of the service were so much at flake, could hot help speaking feelingly, nor had he the power to confine his observations. within the limits of his intention f but he said that, being awakened to a sense of their prolixity, he would exhibit no farther the gloomy picture his imagine tion formed of the effects of a premature inquiry into the St, Euftatius capture; but he allured the honourable mover, that it neither bore the garb of political influence, nor the tint of party zeal; for that so ignorant was he of the sentiments of other members on the subject, that he knew not if he fhonH obtain a secondary voice in favour of the previous que/lion; but however that might be, he was - persuaded, that to main tain Mr. Burke’s motion at present, as subject of political controversy, would bejiighly improper; and chat, for the rea ? Ions given, should it be persisted in and brought to a question, although his /ingle negative might prevent its unanimity, bf felt himself determined to give it. lord Gtcrgt Lord George Germain laid, that what had fallen a little tame Germain. ago in the course of debate, from a young gentleman who /at behind him [ Mr. Gascoigne, jun. ] was so, well /aid, and went

\ so

G

A. 1781. DEBATES,

so fully to answer all the arguments of the honourable gentleman who made the motion, that unless something new had been thrown out, it was almost unnecessary for hinj to take up the time of the House, by adding a syllable on the subject. Pictures of private calamities would tnove the paf - lions of the humane; and when drawn with the masterly pencil of a Burke, would have all the force of colouring that was necessary; either to strike or wring the heart; but in questions of general policy, the good of the whole mu ft be preserved to the convenience of the few, and private calamities might result from public advantage. He should not have said so much on the occasion, but fiuce an honourable gentleman ( the other respectable member for Liverpool ) had ear - neftly called upon him to inform the House, whether any orders toconfifcate property, found at St. Euftatius, and imported into that island, under the sanction of British aQs of Parliament, had been sent out, either to Sir George Rodney or General Vaughan; out of respect to the honourable gentleman, and out of respedk to the House, he thought it right to declare, that no such orders had been sent out; but on the contrary, the instructions sent by his Majesty’s commands were expressly, that care should be taken to secure all property legally imported into the island for the benefit of the right owners, and to render their possession of all their estatel flock, furniture, utensils, negroes, &c. perfedUy secure and inviolate. His lordship said farther, that all. petitions and memorials upon the fubiedf, that had been transmitted to him, to deliver to his majesty, let them come from any quarter, had been delivered without delay. But could gentlemen expert that the stores found upon the island should be returned; if so, then the expedition against Euftatius would have been nugatory indeed; for if, after having taken the oath of allegiance, the inhabitants should be permitted to fell those stores to any person whatever, then the public enemy might be supplied with them, though it was the object of the expedition to cut off that resource.

With regard to many things dated by the honourable gentleman who made the motion he was a perfect ft ranger. There might be instances of great private distress occasioned by the capture of St. Euftatius; there scarcely was an island captured, or a territory seized upon, that was not attended with some such circumstances; but they were rather to be lamented, as the unavoidable and common consequences of capture, than as occurrences; which, however the humanity of every man if feeling might recoil at them, were not easy to be prevent -

T t a td.

324

PARLIAMENTARY A. ijSi

ed. The case of the treatment experienced by the Jews, and dated by the honourable gentleman with all that force of description which his great and extraordinary talents enabled him to give to any subject, he was ready to admit was true in most of the leading particulars; at the same time, however, that he thought it right to admit the fa£l, common judice required that he should also inform tile House that the whole transaction happened without the knowledge of the commanders in chief, both by sea and land; and that as soon, ns they heard of it, they expressed their displeasure at what had happened, ordered redoration to be made, sent for the Jews back, and directed that they dioukl be treated with all possible prote&ion.

The honourable gentleman had said a great deal about the ’ condn& of the king of France, in regard to the capture of the island of Grenada, taken from this country sometime since; in answer to this, he could only say, that he knew not how to draw a comparison where there was no manner of similitude. The two cases were certainly as distinct and different as it was possible for two cases to be; Grenada was an island, taken from us by the French, after both countries were in a date of war, and had nothing in particular in the circuniflances of the capture to distinguiflitt from an ordinary conquest. The capture of St. Euflatius was perfectly anew case, to which no other in the history of modem warfare had the lead analogy or similitude. It was an island formerly possessed by our ally, which ally, while bound by solemn treaties to give this country every nfliflance in her power, had notoriously contributed in an eminent degree to aflifl our enemies, and had made this very island a depositefor the use of the enemy, having on it a vafl magazine of military flores of all kinds, with which flie furniHied France, Spain, and America, with the utmost readiness; and when called upon by our fleets, to aflifl them in like manner, withheld that aiiiflance, which it was since evident she had it in her power to give. In order to elucidate nnd ' support this assertion, his lordship referred to the admiral’s official letter, in which Sir George Rodney dated, that a fact had lately come to his. knowledge, that not a little fur prized him, and it was this; on his arrival with the fleet from America, his ships, in consequence of the increased degree of wear and tear which they fudained in the Wed - Indies, in comparilbn to the efledls of failing in European seas, added to the damage done them, both bjr the severe weather they had experienced for some time before, and particularly the dorm they had encountered on his 2 leaving

LijSi. - D E B A T S.

leaving the coast of America, was in great distreCs for rigging. and ( lores; to remedy which, he had lent to purchase them at St. Euftatius; when it was with the utmost difficulty that he procured a ( mail and inadequate supply, not more than ( even. tons; the Dutch excusing themselves, by declaring that they lud scarcely any left, though it was notorious they had let the, enemy have as much as they wanted. Sir George farther ihted, that lie had lately found this to be a mere - pretence, and that their refusal to supply him properly arose solely from, their giving a pieference to the French and Americans; ii nee, on fejzing upon the island, moil immense quantities of ( lores of all forts were found in the warehouses, enough to have ( applied all the shipping that could have flood in need of any in those Teas for ( bme years to come. There were several thousand tons of cordage in their ( lores. He hnew it to be a fact, that without regular Applies from this island the French could not have carried on the war, and the Americans were in the fame predicament. Sir George added, that he had other rations to know that the island had been the source of more advantage to the enemies of Great Britain than any. othercircualliance that had attended the progress of the war.. He also dated, that he had ordered all the money and pffi of the inhabitants to be sealed up, and fepantfely marked upon, to shew to whom the property belonged when seized, and lodged on board the Sandwich, there to wait till it had been determined by the courts; before whom the whole case wouhTcome for consideration how it was to be disposefl of But it was observed, that the Americans, &c. had been ordered to quit the island : it was true; but it was necessity, not choice, that had dictated that measure; a measure that was absolutely necessary for the preservation of the conquest : for that people had come in such great numbers, that it wohld he unsafe to suffer them to remain, considering their numbers and hostile dispofltion : there was one circumstance that would enable the House to form some judgement of their numbers, when they should hear that the annual rent of the hoafes in the town of St. Euflatius had, from the difficulty of getting houses and warehouses to hire, amounted to the prodigious sum of a million ( lerling; it was therefore necessary to, fend them away, or renounce the conquest; and gentlemen mufl have a strange opinion of the laws of nations if they should maintain, that every man, who offers to become. a subject, must and ought to he received as such. As it was a nest of merchants, who took up their residence there with no other view than to derive an extravagant profit from Applying

PARLIAMENT

ARY

A. ij8t.

pTying the enemies of Great - Britain with ( lores, the capture of the island barely, without rooting out the nest of mif - chtevous traders above alluded to, would have been acircuro - stance of small advantage to this country.

His Lord ship dwelt for some little time on the great importance of the capture, and said, that such was the opinion of the officers, who had held the command, when the island was taken possession of, that the general, in his letter to him, expressly fays, 44 such is, in my Opinion of the great importance of our getting this island into our hand ?, with all its immense magazines of ammunition, ( lores, that I verily believe it will prove the means of ' speedily putting an end to the American war. " How far this opinion of th general was likely to prove true, his lordship said, it was not for him to point out or decide; be could only declare, that he believed it would conduce cfFe&ually to so desirable an end \ and ( hat he should rejoice exceedingly if it should turn out that the general was founded in his prediCHort.

The honourable gentleman, his Lordship observed, had said a great deal upon the subject of the law of nations, the rights of war, and the common usages of the European states in cases of capture and of furreiider. He had asserted that the Jslw of nations, as laid down by Grotius, PufFendorf, and the ancient Writers upon the subject, had been flnee explained, and refeued from the barbarity of t '. ie more enlightened periods of history. For his part, he could only say, that the nearer the law of nations was brought to humanity and justice the more perfect he should consider the law, and the more agreeable it would be to his mind. In the condu£t of the officers who took St. Euflatius, he was yet to learn that there was any thing, in the lead, tending to violate either the law of nations or humanity. The honourable gentleman had dated, that when a new territory was acquired, the dominion was the property of the conquering power, but the inhabitants became subjecte, upon taking the oaths of allegiance, and were as fully intitled to enjoy the protection of the date, to which they surrendered, and share in all the privileges enjoyed under its government as its other natural subjt&s. In answer to this, he must it mark, that it was carrying the argument much too far, and dTetching it beyond all admission. Foreigners, who came over to this, or went to any other country, took the oatbfof allegiance, and demeaned themselves to all the rules of its gfcvernment, were undoubtedly entitled to derive all those

privileges 1

A, 1781. DEBATES,

privileges under the government of that country which ks natural - born subjects enjoyed; but would the honourable gentleman venture to contend, that the inhabitants of an if land, captured by military operation, inhabitants surrendering at discretion, and becoming subjects at the point of the bayonet, flood in the fame predicament with those he had just : dfferibed ? If he knew any thing of conquest, his lordship said, it was this; where a place surrendered by capitulation the territory and dominion, as in every other caiV, became the property of the Crown, but the inhabitants were entitled to the terms upon which they had capitulated; where, on the contrary, a place was either taken by storm, or surrendered at discretion, the persons and property of the inhabitants : were to be disposed of just as the captors thought proper; and if this was not a fair state of the case, he was ready to own that he was ignorant what the meaning of the words ' at deferetion meant. If this was an error, he was grossly deceived indeed; he was confident it flood clearly justifiable by precedent. But it, was not necesTaryto hold this position on the present occasion, for, indisputably, to seize and destroy an enemy ’ magazines was allowable in war, and the island of St. Euftatius fell p/ccifrly within that description; it v as a mere depofile or magazine for the use of France and America,

With respect to the property that had beet ) fold in the island and belonged to ftrituh merchants, the mo& perishable waa ▼bat had been fetmp to iale; and the - money arising from it lftd been packed up; nnd marked to he delivered to the pee - foil to whom - it should be adjudged. The honourable gentleman said, that the stores that were fold had been shipped for America and the, French islands : but Sir George Rodney’s letter flatly contradicted this aflertior ) as that officer informed him thjst the fiores were to be shipped for the British West - India islands.

The poble Lord upon the whole therefore Found nothing tq Vlamp in the conduct of the commanders upon that occasion, and he had too high an opinion of ’ the liberal minds and disinterested principles of Sir; George Rodney and Gene - til Vaughan so believe that they were capable of defeeriding to rapacity and plunder. H - knew that the present inquiry Wftf exceedingly unreafunable; and that, as the whole bufi - aafs would be examined and difeufled before the Admiralty courts, the House might, and be tnjfted woi&ld, oppose any iaquiry in the present stage of the matter.

L.

3iS PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1

Mr. St. A Mr. St. jindrezo St. John answered Lord George, and by Jab ? ' referring to the St. Christopher’s Gazettees, and the pro -

clamations, orders, See. issued by Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan, endeavoured to prove that the noble lord’s declaration, that those officers wer ignorant of the treat - - ment experienced by the Jews, could not be founded. Mr. St. John also said, that the noble lord had argued as if thepitfent motion was merely calculated to impute blame to the admiral and general; whereas, in fast it W3s not intended to throw blame on any particular individual, but was intended merely to afford the House an opportunity of inquiring into the matter, and discovering whether the facts, stated by the honourable gentleman, who made the motion, were true; and as blame, in that case, would be - unavoidably found to be imputable somewhere, to know to whom that blatne was really to be aferibed.

Kugtnt Earl Nitgent opposed the motion, and retorted on Mr. Burke for his laughable attack on his lordffiip last Friday; degrading, as comparing him to a cat was, he said, it raised him one degree above the animal ( late he was condemned to two years ago, for then he was only a rat. He said, if he was riot able to discharge the total of his debt of wit to Mr. Burke at once, he was resolved not to die an insolvent debtor, but would pay him a {billing in the pound at a time, and so get xid of the whole by installmenjts.

| fr. Tax. Mr. F x now r ° k > anc spoke in answer to the noble lord [ Lord Gcbrge Germaine ], The conduct of the admiral and general on the capture of St. Euftatius was so exceedingly impolitic and dangerous, " that it was no wonder that his honourable friend, where humane liberality was always active in protecting his place creatures, and in exalting £he character of man by the correction of their vices that degrade while they outrage humanity. It was ijnpoflible for the House in that early Sage of the business to know who the guilty persons were in this business. The noble lord had given a fort of an oblique answer to the question that was put to bim by an honourable gentleman. Government had, and had not, sent orders to the commanders to confiscate the property. They had, and they had not, justified the proceedings at that time. They {hewed a virtuous ( hame upon the occasion, and wished, by evafiye answers to a simple question, to lay the blame at the door of ministry. The present was not the moment, he said, to blame, but to inquire.. The hontyov able gentleman, who moved the question, had declared that

L.

3 9

jL 1781 : D E B A T jE S:

his view was to bring the matter properly before the House; YD procure all the intelligence that he could; by which the House might be able; in some future moment, to decide on the question with that coolness /ind deliberation which the importance and the danger of the subject required This the noble lord had, in his just apprehensions for the fate of ministers; chosen to call prejudging the matter, and this he had refilled why; because the bufihefs was to come forward in the courts of Admiralty, and it was now unreason - able to convictin the absence of the gallant officers to whom the question referred. The futility of this argument was viable in the statement; There was no intention to prejudge, there was no design to punish, the gallant officers in this stage, or in any future stage of the business, while they remained on their station; and were incapable of their own defence. No such thing was intended the gentleman with whom hfc had the honour to act, pro felled and felt as sincere a regard for the persons and character of Sir George Rodney and General Vaughan as any person upon earth could pof - sibly do. They despised dander too much, either to envy or to ihare with ministers in the practice of it. They left to them to whisper and paragraph away the characters of ab - lent officers, while it should be the boast and the talk of gentlemen oh the other fide of the House to protect them from their malevolence, and stand up the firm friends of injured honesty and honour. The present question was as different from this, and as different from any attempt to lower the characters of the absent officers, much less to punish them imheard, as it was podible for words or language to convey.

Hit honourable friend had expressed his sentiments on the &bje£t so fully, that he thought it was impossible for the House to mistake, or for any noble lord, however interested be might be in the event, to avoid the issue. The honourable gentleman had Hated, that the proceedings on the capture of St. Euftatius had been violent and unjust, ignomi - nous to the character of Great Britain, as a free, as a civi - lifed, and as a Christian nation; ' and contrary to the elTen - tial principles of the laws of war, as agreed on by nations, and practised by enlightened Europe. These proceedings, whether they were committed by the commanders upon the fhtion without the orders of government, or whether they Were done in obedience to orders, became a necessary subject for parliamentary difcufHon, and that instantly. Why not to punish the authors, whoever they might be : not to pre -

33 <

minal, but to pronounce on the great national question by which the national consequences might be avoided. The question of conviction might remain for a subsequent consideration; but the question of policy was immediate. Would the nations of Europe wait for the How decifioa of the admiralty courts before they would pronounce judgment on tli « case, and proceed to retaliate, or in the benevolence of fu - perior civil/. ation, content tluniselves with despising; no, without taking the trouble to inquire who or what was the; cause, whether it was the rapacity of commanders, or the low revenge of ministers; whether it was the lust of plunder, or the littlencfsof malice; the profligate cruelty of an infa - date military, or the barbarous system of a headlong government; they would instantly and justly pronounce it to be a violation of all the laws of war on the part of Britain, ami would hasten either to punish us for the horrid renewal of these savage practices which once buried Europe in ashes; or considering us as fallen beneath the notice of Christian. nations, and remain with their arms across, fuftering us to be extirpated by these foes which our madness or impolicy had joined against us. This was the cause that brought forward the present question, and it was on this account, that the gentlemen with whom he acted, considered themselves as bound by the obligations of their trust to urge and enforce the necessity of an immediate resolut ABinn of the Parliament *, declaring their horror and surprise at such proceedings, and condemning it in the most pointed and cmphaiical terms. In doing this, it was not meant to interfere with the private question, nor to prejudge the actions that would certainly be brought in the courts below by individuals for the recovery of theip property.

Was it a fit thing for Parliament to pronounce upon the general face of the proceedings, that they were wrong, violent, and ignominous ? Certainly, if the fa6ls, as ft a ted by the honourable gentleman, were true, it was not only lit, rbut necessary, that Parliament shouhl come to an immediate reprobation; and that Parliament might know the truth of the facts, his honourable friend had very properly moved, that the papers /hould be laid upon the table for the information of the House. If this was denied, what would be the immediate opinion of Europe ? What ! but that ministers ap - - proved of the outrages that were committed, and that they were done in consequence of instructions transmitted by themselves. Indeed there hardly required this testimony to

establish

q '

, 4 178. !. DEBATES. 33

establish. the truth of thi fa6l. The noble lord had, with a good deal of that unwary openness for which he was some - tiines praised in the House, and blamed out of it, undertaken the defence of the proceedings, and declared that he law nothing to condemn in the matter. The noble lord then thought that all the violence, the depredations, the feifureg, and the Tales; the banishment of the people, with the previous robberies committed on their goods; with all the train of oppression on the one hand, and luftering on the other, was right and reasonable, prudent, and safe. He was glad to hear the noble lord speak out; for now it was known, and would be proclaimed all over Europe, that ministers, and not commanders, were the plunderers of St. Euflatius, and the violates of the rights of war. The navy and the army were ' refeued from the ignominous aspersion; afld the character of Sir George Rodney, for whom, as his colleague - in the iepre - fentation of Westminster, he was particularly anxious, was refeued from the obliquy which even great and good men mull have other wise thrown upon them. He delired that it might be known to all men from this in ft ant, that the noble lord, one of the secretaries of state, cleared the commanders from all blame; conscious, no doubt, as he was, that they had no Ihare in the tranlaclion, and the whole ignominy was from henceforth to rest upon his Majesty and ministers. He declared he was happy in the generous acquittal which the noble lord had given of the navy and army. The military of this country, and particular ! v the navy, was dear to him, and their fame ought to he held sacred to every Bi itish heart.

It was from that virtuous body of men that the empire had derived all its respect and strength, and from which it niuft continue to receive its security and its fame. If they, by some halfty act of rapaciousness, or of avarice, should blacken the purity, of their character, and ftfiin their former deeds,

Britain would fink to a state from which neither their future repentance nor their gallantry could he able to raiie her; a state of ignominy more dreadful than disaster, fmee enter - prise might retrieve disad vantage, hut not restore reputation fodestroyed. He was happy therefore that they were refeued from the calumny which had been ignorantly thrown upon diem, and that all the disgrace, and all the infamy was now settled on the government of Great Britain f But would it rest here ?. Would the nations of Europe he content with ptf - nishing us by contempt alone, or would they think it necessary to go farther; and, for the prote&ion of human nature, think it necessary to unite in the exemplary punishment of

U112 that

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1581

that power, who in bold defiance of all regulation, had dared to renew that system of horror and devastation which by general consent had been exploded ? This was the present ques - tion to be examined. They might nof rest satisfied with contempt. Their indignation might be active, and it was the wisdom of that House to counteract the impolicy of minis - ters, and by an open reprobation of the measures that had been pursued, avert from their country the dreadful consequences of retaliation. Did this interfere with the question of particular guilt ? did this prejudge the matter ? did it take from the courts bejow the processes that would naturally come before them for the recovery of property, or for the punishment of offence ? Certainly not : it was a question of general policy necessary to national character, and perhaps to national fai yation.

An honourable gentleman with whom he had usually the honour to act, had taken up the defence of the commanders, and justified them by the laws and the practice of war. He said there was no man for whose opinions, as a professional man he had a higher respect; but on this Occasion he had the misfortune to differ from him perhaps because he did not clearly understand his argument. If he meant to say, that the naval part of a military expedition had equal or perhaps greater pretensions to aihare in the booty taken ashore than the other, he was ready to coincide with him. There could be no difference of opinion about the just pretensions that the navy had to a {hare of the just plunder taken on the reduction of an enemy’s fortress garrison or magazine; nor was it all the question to inquire what was the exact share that they ought to have. This was a matter of distribution in which neither the legislature nor the government had chosen much to interfere thinking it proper to be left to the private agreement of the parties. But if the honourable officer meant that the depradations which were committed at St. Euftatius the plunder the rapine, the cruelties, and the outrages were either agreeable to the law of war, to the acts of parliament pafifaf for regulating the division of prize money, or to the recent practice, either of the British or any other civilised state, he must beg leave to differ from him and declare his most hearty Opinion that the proceedings had been such as no law nor pre cedent could justify or approve. The honourable gentleman adverted to the argument of the noble lord, that the capture of St, Euftatius was a new case differing from that of Grena da and consequently not to be bound down by the same rules Much had regulated captures of late, Heconfefled it was in some ‘ point#

? 3

A. iy8f.

DEBATES.

points different from the case of Grenada. Grenada had a garrison of some importance it had works; it had a military force, and it had martial spirit; for on the approach of the enemy, and being summoned to surrender, it bravely and stre - nuously contested the point, and made the enemy purchase the conquest by a profulion of blood. Was this the case of St. Euftatius ? No. Without a military force or powers of self - defence, tht y exhibited to the enemy a naked bosom, and instead ofcontefling the battle, surrendered in a moment, and not even a finger was scratched in the capture of the island.

So far, he confessed, the cases were dissimilar. But was this the reason that had given rife to the different treatment of the two islands ? Was it because the Dutch governor of St. £u - statius had given up the island without a blow that the inhabitants were condemned to suffer the extremes of war, and to be robbed, plundered, and banished, by the conquerors

Was this the method that we chose to take to civilize the enemies of Great Britain, to receive us in the place of their present governors ? And was it against the innocent submif - lion of peaceable traders, manufacturers, and artisans, that we were to take revenge, and not against the active reii fiance of nen in arms that contended for their liberty. The argument was absurd as well as inhuman, and such as it might he ex - pedted from men pressed as ministers were in the present in - stance to support their conduct. " Oh ! but St. Euflatius Was not like other iHands; it was a depot for the enemy. Perhaps it was so, and, for that offence, among others, we had gone to war with the Dutch, and having gone to war had determined to have satisfaction, like a nation of honour, and not like a nation of cut - throats, for the injury which we had received. The cause of the war, as his honourable friend justly expressed it, was not to be alledged as a ground for aggravating the horrors of it. A gentleman, after receiving an injury, and challenging the author of it to fight him in the field, does not flab him in the dark. The extremes of war are abolished among nations, as the poignard and fliletto are among gentlemen; and, whatever the offence may be, the battle is fair. The honourable gentleman, by a variety of the mofl powerful rguments, urged the necessity of coming to the resolution proposed, as a ground - work for their future proceeding in this business, to wipe away the disgrace, and prevent the danger that was likely to follow from such conduct.

Thp T Mr/1 nf intA fpriAiit

$3+

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178ft

ppinion they were Ari£tly justifiable oq the ground of neceflir ty, of policy, and of the laws of nations. He had the higheA jrefpcdf And reverence for the character of Sir George Rodney, and believed that he was fop brave a man to be crpel, and too disinterested to be rapacious. These were qualities fp opposite in their qature, tlut they could hardly be supposed to meet in the fame man; and therefore, he laid, without any profefr fions of unmeaning flattery, he did not believe that one thour fandth part of the cruelties had occurred which were now told and circulated \yith so niuph acrimpnv. But granting, even for the fake of argument, that all those circumstances had happened, which the honourable gentleman, with all his force of colouring, had so feelingly deferihed, what did they amoqnt to ? Merely to this; that private calamity was infepar rable from public disorder; and that all the care ot commanders could pot so separaiewhat wasjuA njidncceflary from what was fpmewhat oppressive, as to prevent individuals from suffering more than their Aiare in the general disaster. On which occassions the distrcAes would be aggravated, as the pactions or the apprehensions of the head might operate, and the clamour would be much greater than the miferv. This was not a fact which it required the example of St. FmAatius to dcmonAratq or confirm. Taking them as the usual consequences cf a capture, consequences perhaps forqewhat heightened by the peculiax circumstances of the case, would gentlemen say that this was a subjetft on which Parliament should determine, without hearing the parties; without hearing the facts; and without giving time for the operation of those laws which they had wifely framed for correcting abuses, and preserving property ? Would they be so weak, as by the mere force of Touuding pathetic, melt nrA into mifiaken comnafiion, and from companion be hurried to injuAice. Surely not. But it was said, that the present queAion did not prejudge the matter; it only inAituted an inquiry, and brought papers before the House, which, throwing light upon the matter, would enable the House to come regularly to a decision; which decision ., he declared, would be a prejudication, would be unfensonable, would be improper. AH that the honourable gentleman who had spoken lait with his usual ability had said to the contrary had not altered his sentiments. " It was only a queAion of policy, and did not in any measure interfere with the queAioq of guilt or innocence. " He begged the honourable gentleman’s pardon for saying, that it was Arange reasoning, and somewhat different from his usual Ayle, to alledge, that the House would notj by pronouncing the proceedings St -

A. xjii. D £ 6 A f E S.

Euftatius to be contrary to all the laws of war, uitjufl, ille gal, and violent, absolutely prejudge the case which was to come before the courts below. If it was once declared that the proceedings were criminal, it only remained to know who were the authors of the proceedings, the commanders on the stations, or the ministers at home; and this was a proof so Ample as not to be mistaken, since it depended totally on the orders that were lent out. But the material part of the quell ion lay in the conviction of the guilt itself; and the House were called upon to say that the proceedings were criminal, without knowing on what ground those proceedings had gone, from what causes they had i ’ prung, under what necessity, and with what political intention.

For his own part he required no other evidence than that which he had heard since he came into the House, to declare that in his mind they were justifietl by necessity, by policy, and by the laws of war. The learned gentleman had fa < Sb and arguments to support each of those proportions. The necessity of the harlh measures which were taken in the coji - fifcation of the property, and in the banishment of a part of the inhabitants arose from the insecurity of the conquest without such means. The inhabitants were become so numerous, inhabitants all inimical to Britain, that even the rents of housesin the principal town, amounted annually to the amazing sum of a million of money. Was it fate to fuifer those men to continue in the place, and permit them at large to practice all the stratagems, or perhaps the violence that enmity or that treason could fugged ! Undoubtedly not. It had been the constant rule jn all warfare, that the conqueror was to use the necessary means to secure his cohauefl; it had on many occasions obliged warriors to put their prisoners to the ( word, and could surely warrant a hardier remedy than that which was adopted of fending the suspected part of the inhabitants from the islands for a time. So much for the necessity. The policy of the measure was clearly demonstrated by the beneiit which was to result from it. The admiral declares in his letter that he considered St. Euftatius as of so much advantage to tl e Americans that lie firmly believed the loss of it would put an end to the war in that continent. He laid it was also as necessary to the other powers with whom we were involved, lince they derived from this island a constant supply of all the ammunition and stores that were required to the carrying on of the war. Would it have been political then to have differed this convenience to have continued, by which the enemy would have

r

#6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

enjoyed the fame opportunities as they had before the con - qu ' eft I Undoubtedly not. It was good polic j in the commanders to destroy that magazine from which the enemy were supplied with arms against us, and it was in fact their duty; they would not have acted with fidelity to their country if they had not - by the most effectual means, cut off this

, channel of communication, and secured to Great Britain all

the advantages of the island, whatever they might be; It was idfo confident with the laws of war, if he knew what the laws of war meant, to dediov a magazine instituted and kept up, not as the gentleman said, for the common supply of all who came with ready money, hot as a granary for all the world, but as a depot for the enemies of Great Britain, and for them only. This the noble lord had proved by a curious fa61 in the letter of Sir George Brydges Rodney, that he had been able to procure but a very small inadequate quantity of cordage at a time of severe need, and was told that they could give him no more; whereas on the capture of the island he had found many thousand tons, more than sufficient to have supplied all the ships that were or could be in there seas for some years to come. It was therefore to be confi - ' dered and treated as a mere magazine, and according to all

the notions of the law and usage of war, which he had received, the British forces were justjfied in destroying that magazine, and converting it to their own uses. If we were to carry those fine ideas of liberal war to the length which the honourable gentleman seemed inclined to strain them, we should receive the character of being very good Christians and philosophers, but very bad soldiers arid sailors. It was a principle in the laws of war, which Grotius, Puffendorf, Vattell, and every writer was agreed in, that it was just to destroy riot only the weapons, but also the materials of war. Whatever was prepared, collected, and stored to facilitate offence, for which was in future to be used against us, it was proper to confiscate, without paying regard to any one consideration of the calamities that private individuals would feel, by being deprived of their property. Private individuals ought to know the danger of dealing in articles, during a time of war, fob— jedt to the established penalties of seizure and confiscation, and not come afterwards with surly complaints of their sufferings, arising from their own neglect or their avarice. He was warranted in saying, that upon all occasions it had been the pr 6tice of all ages, to inflict exemplary punishment on those who had been convicted of active enmity against a state; and such has been the case of St. Euftatius. It was

to

337

A. 1781. DEBATES.

to him a new doctrine that the commencement of hostilities, was the moment at which all recollection of injuries was to cease, and when we were to forget all the infuits and offences that had been done, and for the punishment of which we were driven into war. It was equally new to him, that a conqueror was under the necessity of receiving all the people that chose to remain, or that chose to come to a territory 00 his acquiring the possession of it, whether he believed their professions of allegiance to be fmcere or not, and whether they were likely to remain peaceable subjects of the new dominion, or secret spies to favour the old. Convicted as the island of St. Euftatius was of affording the most insidious assistance to the enemies of Great Britain, while the Dutch remained in alliance with that country, it was fit that they should feel the vengeance of their insulted and deluded ally. At the same time however that he contended that all he had heard of the transactions at St. Euttatius were strictly justifiable, he by no means admitted that all which had been told was true. He took it entirely as related by the honourable gentleman, and argued from his own relation of the particulars in their justification. Those then were the things on which the House was called to pronounce hasty judgment, in the moment when our fleets and armies were employed on active service; when concord was essentially necessary, and when we had occasion for all the efforts which unanimity, and correspondence of sentiment, infptred by zeal and ardour could make. It would be an improper discussion for that House at any time, but it was particularly unseasonable in this, and he truiled the House would not comply with the motion which was made for the production of papers which might give dangerous discoveries to the enemy, but which could give no lalutary information to that House.

Mr. Courtenay made a speech in his usual quaint ttile of fe - vfr# rious ridicule and solemn jetting, in which he paid warm*/, encomiums to the admiral and general, and only blamed them for being so unseasonably inimical to the true interests of their country, as to chastise the Dutch merely because they had been perfidious, and had while professing kindness to Britain, been supplying America with ttores, and France, and Spain. Besides they had acted Angularly ttupid, since by the improvident methods which they had taken, by confil - eating the property, and flopping up the channel of commu nication, they had taken the moil effectiul means of putting an end to the American war, which all true lovers of their country mutt fervently regret. Proceeding in this ttile he Vol. III. X x made

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

made use of the King’s name, contrary to the rules of the House, on which he was called to order by Mr, T. Towns - hend; who, having reproved him for the introduction of a name which must not be used in that House, warmly sup - ported the motion, as exceedingly necessary to be adopted in a moment when we are involved with so many enemies, and when it was so necessary by every gentle method to conciliate instead of provoking the states of Europe.

Mr. Byngi with ' his usual energy and zeal, called on the House to exercise its own judgment on theoccasion, and not suffer an inconftderate submission to the Treasury - Bench, to hurry them into a measure which they would, in all probability, have ftncere reason to repent. The great commercial interest of this country had suffered by this conduct in a most sensible manner, and he was very much deceived if it would not be the means of giving a mortal flab to the trade of the libertine world. It seemed to be a principal part of the fyf - tem of his Majesty’s ministers to attack and injure the great commercial interest of the city of London. That city, the independence of which was a perpetual source of discontent, urged them to point their weapons most particularly to that quarter. On the present occasion the ciry of London had Dot only suffered a most severe loss by the confiscations at St. Euftatius, but they saw themselves brought to the brink of a precipice by this conduit from which there was no receding, and thereonly wanted the hand of the enemies of this country, following the example of his Majesty’s ministers, to hurry them down. Should France imitate the system of Britain, and confiscate the property of the islands which they have taken, or may take j what must be the fate of the merchants of Britain ? And was not this a danger to be dreaded ? Was it not most likely that France, as {he had it in her power, would follow the fame plan, and confiscate the property of Grenada, and such other islands as they might hereafter seize on. Were the merchants of Britain criminal in pursuing a trade pointed out to them by the legislature of their country ! find which they transa&ed under the authority and protection of known laws, agreeable to all the regulations prescribed in the acts. True, St. Euftatius was a general mart, but the merchants of Britain did not make it a mart for thefale of war Jike stores to the enemies of their country. This trade was shortly legal and praise - worthy; and after naving followed it agreeable to all the laws of their country, they found their property confiscated by order of those very ministers who had pointed out tq them, and encouraged, and seemingly prqteft -

$39

A. 1781. D £ & \T £ S.

ed the trade. He Gncerely trusted that the House would agree to the motion, that by the papers which were called for, they might be able to ascertain the truth of the fads that bad been mentioned on that day, and which were notorious upon charge, though they were not proved to the House.

Mr. Bamber Gascoigne\ fen. Lord, Sir Thomas Eger *

ton. General Smith, and Mr. W. S, fpolce shortly for the question : and

Mr. Burke concluded the debate in afpeech in which, with Mr# his usual force of argument, mixed with powerful wit, he an - fwe red every thing that had been advanced in opposition to his motion. The mode of reasoning that had been adopted, he said, gave him at lead this consolation. It shewed him that ministers were ashamed of the orders which they had given, and could not treat the question fairly. Where there was shame there was hope. They saw and felt the danger of their conduct, and were anxious to throw doubt upon it, wishing to conceal that it originated from their instructions, and leaving the army and pavy responsible for the disgrace, and for the consequences. The honourable gentleman said, that their was not one argument which deserved a serious reply. The honourable captain who spoke early in the debate, confined himself to an argument on the propriety of the navy’s ( haring in booty, capered on shore, in common with the army. Surely, in all joint expeditions, it was a thing clearly known and established, that they ( hared agreeable to the arrangement made by themselves. But was this a reason for ( haring in the illegal booty ! for plundering where they subdued ! for becoming the tyrants, instead of the governors of the territory which they invaded ! surely not. The noble lord who had followed him, had entered more largely into the question; and he had been answered as fully by his honourable friend; all the argument ( fiat he had advanced was, that the capture of St. Euftatius was a new case, different from that of Grenada, and from every other; and therefore the conduct observed on this oCcasion was hot to be measured by others. In what respects did it differ ? It was well pointed out by his honourable friend, that it ( jiffered only in tilcum ( lances; which ought to have rendered the property more sacred, because, as he had said before, there wanted the very essence of war reciprocity; and consequently the inhabitants were inti tied to protection by the most powerful of claims.

The learned lord on the other fide of the House, who had gone into a fyftemxtie defence of the proceedings; had ad - iT ‘ 1 ‘ X x a ~ vanced

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

vanced Tome arguments truly Angular; and which merited a particular reply. He had told the House, that they ought not to comply with the motion for the production of papers; bee a use, if they were to come to a resolution that the proceedings had been criminal, they would effectually condemn one or other of the parties, since it mufl be either the commanders or the ministers that were guilty. The caution of the learned lord was very laudable. 4 < The subsequent evidence would be short; establish the fads by the production of the papers, and his Majesty’s ministers can lie no longer concealed; have mercy then on his Majesty’s ministers; you cannot decide on the question of policy without involving die question of guilt; the safety of the ministers depends on your rejeClion of the motion; and therefore you cannot in this instance consult the benefit of your country, since a nearer and dearer objection is to be preserved; the object of our gratitude, as he is the author of our political being, the man in whom we live and move, and from whom all the good things of this life are derived; he is to be de - stroyed by the success of the motion; and therefore save the minister, and let the empire take care of itself. " This was the true language of the learned lord; a fort of language to which they were pretty much accustomed of late, and which was always found to succeed to admiration. It was always the conclusion of every harrangue, whatever was the beginning, when argument was exhausted; when evaiion failed; when law had no more quibbles to confound, nor eloquence to confuse : " Oh, save the noble lord ! is still the last. " He trufled that this argument would not always prevail, when it came to this short issue; whether we must part from the minister or from the empire; and he believed that we did not want much in our journey to that period, then the noble lord in the blue ribbon would have a woeful proof of the inflability of that friendship which i founded in interest, began without eflecm, and continued without affection. The honourable gentleman took notice of the light manner in which the learned lord had spoken of the calamitierwhich had been suffered at St. Euftatius; calamities unparalielled in the hiilory of modern war, and which would leave a melancholy proof behind them, tbit however the lights of philosophy might teach man to bear miseries, they had not yet taught Britons to forbear to inflict them. It was a light matter then in the opinion of the noble lord, and to be considered merely as a matter of course, incident to war, and inseparable from the capture of an

iAand

A. 1781. DEBATES.

island; to pronounce a sentence of beggary upon a whole people; to separate the moll tender relations of nature; the husbana from the wife, and the parent from the child; to tear asunder all the ties of a community, the numerous branching affections of a happy society; to divide them at once, and > y one fata ] stroke of a conqueror’s sword cut that Gordian knot which linked them together by a social chain; to pronounce a sentence of partial banishment, more severe for not being general : and hurry them in one rude moment to countries where they must not only be aliens, but beggars; all this, in the learned lord’s conception was no more than the common consequences of war, which commanders might influft without dishonour, and the conquered ought to bear without complaint.

Having with equal poignancy commented on other arguments of the learned lord, he returned to the real question before the House, and called upon gentlemen to be serious, for it was a serious moment. The predicament was solemn. We must not sport with consequences so dreadful, nor avoid aquestion so necessary to be determined on broad, impartial ground, for the fake of saving a minister, or of supporting party. If retaliation was to be dreaded, it was better surely to prevent than to punish it. Heaven knew we were not in a situation in which we held the power of punishment in our hand; struggling for our existence, we had to court the kindness and lenity, not the resentment and retaliation of nations, that we might by our sufferings gain a friend, if we could not command one by our power, nor secure one by our respect In short, if either empire, or character was dear to us, as a people; if we were not degraded in senti - ment as well as in rank; if we were not grown barbarous as well as desperate by our calamities, we must by a resolution of Parliament atone for the miscondu& of either of our commanders or of our government. If we must fall, let us at least perish with honour. Let us not, with the Iofs of independence, lose also our good name as a people. Let us not in the last moments of our existence, so far forget the true road to glory, as to outrage the enemy whom we cannot overthrow. If the difficulties of our situation are daily in - creating, let us fee " what reinforcement we may gain from hope, if not, what resolution from despair by noble and itrenuous enterprises we may prevail and triumph; the nations will not suffer us to be crushed if we preserve our virtue; and Providence, approving of our exertions, will stretch i forth

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

forth the powerful arm to save. And if we fail, we fbal die lamented, even our enemies will do justice, and history. jwill applaud our name.

' The House now divided on the motion, as originally made Ayes 6; Noes 160.

Ma 15. The Soft Solicitor General moved that the order of the day be read, atarGn < ralSor House to resolve itself in a committee on the bill for preventing certain abu fes and profanations on the Lord’s day, called Sunday. On the question being put that the Speaker leave the chair,

Mr. MsrtiMm Mr. Martin said, he could not conveniently attend the so cond reading of this bill, but he understood that he should not be irregular in endeavouring to say a few words again# the principle of it in its present llage. He certainly meant to give it his hearty oppohtion, as thinking the bill perftCUy indonfiilent with religious liberty; and regarding intellectual as even much more horrible than corporeal slavery, he had spuch rather that his body should rot in prison than have his mind chained down by the dreadful fetters of ignorance and superstition. He could allure the House, that no man whatever bad a more profound veneration for - the pure doctrines of genuine Christiapity than he had; but he had always held ip detellation that idea, that persons of the middling and inferior, Tank should be excluded from the privilege of searching into uid examining the doctrines of any religion they may wish to j inquire into. It seemed to him that one of the prime excel - j lencies of the Christian religion confiiled in this, that its doctrines are as eminent for their plajnness and simplicity as they are for their purity ind sublimity. If any qayuerious matters had been introduced, he believed t iem to have been introduced by the craft of ill - designing men, and particularly priests, whp could not have turned their holy profession to mercenary purposes, had it continued in its original purity. He was very ready and happy to allow th t a considerable part of the clergy, in every country, might be men of real worth, and well - deferred reputation; but he was equally ready to declare, that he believed, the majority to be composed of characters as ambitious, as selfish, as wordly - minded, and as ignorant, as those of any other set of men whatever. They often reminded him of the character given of such men by Milton, in bewailing the loss of his unfortunate pad beloved friend Lycidas. He fays.

" Ho#

Kf 1781. D E B A 7 £ St

" How well conkl I have spared for thee, young Twain, Enow of such, as, for their bellies fake,

Creep and intrude, and climb into the fold;

Of other care they little reck ’ ning make,

Than how to Tcramble at the ( hearer’s feast

And shove away the worthy, bidden guest,

Blind months, that scarce themselves know how to hold a sheep - hook;

Or have learned ought else, the least,

That to the faithful herdsman’s art belongs, "

If such was the character of the generality of the clergy, lad such as he most confidently believed it to be, was it then right or fitting that those gentlemen should have, not merely the leading, but the absolute guidance and controul of our coofciences and opinions ? As to the universities, if it were an advantage to have received part of one’s education at one of thele letninarics, it was an advantage that he could not boast of; but he should very humbly presume, that any man of a moderate lharc of natural underflatiding, and a little knowledge of the world, would be as competent to judge of any political or religious regulation as the fellow of a college, or even the dignified character of a head of a house. As to those Sunday evening amuTements, which are objected to, he was much inclined to think that they rather prevent than do any nlifehief. Surely it was far better, that men should exercise their understandings in disputes of any kind, than be guzzling, quarrelling, or gambling in public - houses. If daring the disputes, any thing grossly orfenfive to decency or good manners should be uttered, he doubted not but the person foeaking would be immediately feouted and treated with every proper contempt; but if, on the contrary, things realty ridiculous only should be laughed at, he thought the Jboner such things were exploded by all ranks of people, the better it would be for the interest of truth and virtue.

He added, that he was very glad to Tee from the newspa - pers, that on a late occasion some notice had been taken of the practice of gaming in a higher sphere; and he begged leave to ask the learned gentleman, who brought in this bill, ( and he hoped he would honour him by an answer ) why he did not pretent another, effectually to suppress th d ' e abominable mirferies of gambling, which are established io the neighbourhood of St. James ’ s. Those houses were the bane jtod destruction of our young nobility and gentry, by rendering

344

PAR LIAMENTARY ' A. 1781.

coring them first neceflltous, and afterwards consequently subjefct to the temptations of a minister, the badnel’s of whole ineafures require Corruption to support them.. There might, he said, be some great exceptions to this general effect; but if there should be any men of super - eminent abilities on either fide of the House, who might be the scourge and terror of any bad administration, he hoped that the learned gentleman, whose abilities and whose authority were, he was lure, equal to the talk, would exert those abilities and that authority in suppressing so great, so destructive, and so crying an evil. He thought the learned gentleman was particularly called upon for this, as a represen tative for one of their universities, and consequently having for his constituents many of that description, who were very likely to fall a miserable prey to that unhappy and contemptible vice.

It struck him, that there had some art been used in joining two very different matters in the fame bill, he meant Carlisle House and the disputing alTemblies. As to the promenade, he never was there; but he should imagine, that when young men are inclined to indulge the lulls of the flelh, they rather leek privacy and retirment, than join the croud of public assembly. He was very much for keeping flri&ljr the sabbath, in regard to refraining from our ordinary occupations, but he never could fee any prohibition from amusement even in the fourth commandment; and if wTe could have any innocent amusements, that might be promoted without the labour of others, he should think them perfe£lly confident with, the proper observation of the sabbath, and fending greatly to promote that temper of mind which incites gratitude to our Maker, and benevolence to mankind.

He had only to add, that he hoped they would permit the middling and lower ranks of people, as well as the great and learned, to exercise the undoubted privilege of reasonable creatures, that of inquiring into, and accepting or rejecting, any do£lrines, as they appear reasonable or unreasonable to the understanding which God has given them. But if it should unfortunately pass, a gentleman whom he did not know, but whose opinion he had heard, had laid, that the act should run in this manner. —ts And it is hereby enabled, that all his Majesty’s subjects shall be permitted to excrcile their reason, and ufc the utmost freedom of inquiry into religious opinions, and that for fix of the days in the week; but on the seventh, which is called Sunday, their understand - ings flin. ll be in a Hate of rest. —And it is f r ther enabled,

G.

345

A. 1781. DEBATES.

that ( ix months imprisonment and fine of twenty pounds fiiaH be levied on every man, who shall profane the Sunday, by exercising those rational faculties with which God has endowed him. "

He flattered himself that so ridiculous a bill would not pass, or at least that the House would defer it till another session, in order, if it be proper, to make any regulations for the observance of the sabbath, that they might be made after a candid, mature, and proper examination into faXs and cir - cum fiances.

Sir Jofiph Mawbey supported the argument of Mr. Martin, jjj as far as the fame had relation to gaming. Sir Joseph said, the gaming houses near St. James ’ s, were nuisances of the wont kind, and as far as it was competent to Parliament to interfere, lie thought they ought. The morals of young men of fashion were as well worthy the consideration of the House.

It was on the rising generation that all our hopes, and all the expectations of the future welfare, and prosperity of this country were founded, and therefore every meal ' ure that tended to prevent the minds of the youth of family, from being tainted with a ruinous vice, must be a desirable circumstance to obtain. Some of the young men were, perhaps, born to an hereditary feat in Parliament, and others from their family connexions, from the situation of their family estates, and from various other considerations, would in all probability have feats in that House. Therefore, as gentlemen well knew that personal independence was the befi armour to resist the attacks of influence and corruption, every possible means of securing independence to future senators ought to be adopted, and he knew of none more likely to eflex this laudable purpose than strengthening the laws against gaming; he hoped therefore an instruXion to the committee to insert a clause for that end would he received with the approbation of the House, and he intended to move it. He was told by the speaker, that it would be irregular now, as there was a question before the House which must be first disposed of.

Mr. HitI said the profanation of the sabbath, by almost all Mr. mil

orders of people, was a matter of shameful notoriety, and threatened the most serious consequences to the national morals in general. He commended the bill, and wished it went farther. He talked of a newspaper being put into people’s hands just as they were going into church, and after mentioning various other topics, took notice of the old custom of debating in that House upon religious subjects, which prevailed iB the first Parliament of Charles I 1 Parliament composed Vol. III. Y of

£46 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

of virtuous and good men, men extremely difiimilar in their views from those who formed that Parliment which fat in the latter part of the reign of that unfortunate prince; the case, he observed, was at present totally different. Religious fub - je£ts were now very rarely brought under discussion within those walls; he should be pardoned, therefore, he hoped, for having, the very first time he presumed to rife, and called upon the attention of the House, spoken on so serious p consideration, and the gather, as though religion had lately been adverted to one day out of seven; generally speaking, it was not mentioned there once in seven years.

Tke Sofich The Solicitor General in a short speech observed, that he t§rCcntial, would most willingly have adopted the ideas relative to gaming suggested by the two honourable gentlemen, had we not. now in our statute books as excellent laws against gaming as any country in Europe. But where men of rank and dif - tindlion were bent on committing crimes, which from their nature mull be perpetrated in private, no law could reach the evil, so as to prevent it entirely; but wherever money was taken to admit persons to gaming tables on a Sunday, the bill, now in its progress through the House, would reach the case, and apply a remedy.

L&, Surrey, Lord Surrey thought, if there must be a bill of the kind introduced, it ought not only to aim at the putting a flop to pursuits of gratification to the mind, and of personal pleasure, it ought also to itrike at traffic, which was now carried on every sabbath day, with a shameleffness that was perfectly astonishing He Knew of no profanation of the sabbath that called more for reformation than the custom of waggons. Rage - coaches, &c. travelling on Sunday. They ought to be abolished; at the same time when he said this, he declared, he did not mean to be understood, as intimating that persons,. who from sickness or confinement all the rest of the week, by unavoidable and useful avocations, ought not to be allowed to take the air on Sundays, or take a ride for their health; he meant merely that trade and traffic should cease for that day, and be confined to the other fix.

Mr, Tunur, Mr. Turnerrofe and reprobated the bill, which he said was

not meant toanswerany really good religious purpose, as was pretended, but was an effort of tyranny over.. ns <. onfci - ences. He hardly approved of any thing suggested by the long robe; half the countries that had been ruined, were ruined by men of the long robe. He made a distin&ion between ministers who were worthy, good men, and ministers who were proud priests, wealthy, wallowing in preferments;

pluralifts.

34

A iy8i « DEBATES

pluralids, dean9, and bishops. He said, he never paid his court to any of the latter. Where he lived in the country, almost on the banks of the Tees, on the fide of which his house flood, there was a number of poor clergy; on the other fide the river, there were as many rich ones. The former were the men he delighted to k6ep company with; they were attentive to their duty, pious without afiedlation, good mtnifters, ready to give all the advice and assistance their neighbours flood in need of The curate of his own parish had but forty pound a year; and he was glad to fee him at all times. His table was open to him every day in the week, if he chose to come to it. With regard to the inefficacv of the laws against gaming, which the learned gentleman ( poke of, he would tell him the reason; they were laws without any principle of law in them. He dated a suit brought ma ny years ago for trial before a jury at York, by collusion between the parties, where the penalty to be forfeited was ten pounds, and the informer was to have fifty pounds by the act of Parliament. Baron Clive tried it, and though the case was made out, the jury saw through the whole connivance, and gave a verdict of not guilty, and they were in the right of it. Laws without principle, that Is, without equality, without holding out the fame portion of justice to one as to another, were good for nothing; and so my Lord Somers said, whose tract Mr. Turner produced from his pocket, declaring he never went without Lord Somers in his company.

Mr. Sheridan said, that whenever the vice of gaming was to Mr. Shtri - be foppressed, he hoped that mod pernicious species of it, the adventuring in lotteries, would be the fird object of attention : this, it was true, was patronised by the legislature, and yet nothing could be more detrimental to the morals of the people; for it not only promoted the spirit of gambling among the lower orders of society, but, by suspending all indudrious jrarfuits, tended to introduce every kind of depraviiy. While the evil was permitted to reign in its late extent, it was in a N

fair way of curing itself; for every second tradesman being a lottery - office keeper, and very few possessing any capital, the finalied loss made tfiem abscond, and the public credulity was thereby gradually diminished; but now the practice had been regulated, by the wisdom of Parliament, for the better fecu - iky of adventurers, it would no doubt perpetually increase, with all {its train of mischievous confluences, for government had entered into a fort of partnermip with the office - keepers, and as they were to derive a benefit from the success

54 *

Mr. SaW - briJge•

Th -

for G. neral.

Ld. Su.

Sir Herbert

fifjck ' wertbt

PARLIAMENTARY A. i

of the delusions, they would no doubt do every thing ih their power to extend their dealings.

As the learned gentleman who brought in the bill, had already on one occifion flood forward, not only as the censor morunty but 3S the arbiter elega at once the Cato and the Petronius of the age, he hoped he would be active in his new character, and would join in putt ' ng a flop to lottery gaming, by bringing in a bill to abolish all the present lottery - offices, and preventing the opening of any new ones in future;

Mr. SazvbrL ' Ige said, that there was a promenade to the full as he an object for abolition as that at Cjrlifle - House, and that was the promenade in Kensington Gardens, which was much more frequented, and, h ? believed, by worse company Mr Sawbridge repeated his former objections to the bill, and said, he had always understood, that the more truth was inquired into the better.

The motion was put, and the bill went through the committee, the Solicitor General moving, that the blanks for the penalties be filled up as follows : The matter of each house, where the meetings prohibited by this biil should hereafter be proved to assemble, to forfeit sool. The moderator of every such meeting to forfeit tool. And each of the servants who - should be proved to stand at the door, to forfeit 50I.

Lord Surrey moved a proviso that nothing in the bill should be construed to destroy the toleration of Protestants by a < tt of Parliament. This clause he proposed for the purpose of Screening the dissenters from any penalties for holding meetings on Sundays. It was explained also, that this bill could not affedf any meeting, to which admission was not obtained by money. In all other meetings of Sunday, for the purposes of debate, if money was taken for admission, the penalties were to be as above. The bill went through the com m it tee without farther debate.

Afay 16.

A motion was made by Sir Herbert Machvorth for referring to a committee of supply the report of the committee appointed to consider the petition of Doctor Smith, applying for a reward for attending the jails of London and Westminster.

After an unimportant debate, the House divided : ayes, 54; noes, 41.

The report from the committee appointed to examine the petition of the city of London, requelling the aflittance of Parliament to repair the jail of Newgate, which had suffered by the late riots, was read.

Mr.

A. 7$ *. DEBATES,

34 *

Mr. Sawbridgt flated, that the sum wanted was 30, 000b which, however, would not be required all at once; and they r wished to have it granted at three periods, io, ooooL this year, and io, ooooL each of the two years to come. After some debate, the matter was again referred to the committee, to af - csrtain that there was no fund in the city from which the sum might be drawn, and applied to this use *.

Lord North said he was afhanted to trouble the House, by Ld. repetitions of begging more time relative to the East - India Company; but the directors of the company had made proportions which perhaps might prevent some trouble to the House of they and he could agree. A meeting had been held yesterday in Leadenhall - street, when several resolutions were come to, three of which he read : it was necessary a general court of proprietors should he called for ’ their concurrence. That general court would be held on Friday next, after which they would probably come to a ballot; so that it would be Monday or Tuesday before he should know their determination : for these reasons he wished to poflpone the matter to the Wednesday next.

Mr. Huffcy could not fee the necessity of poflponing this Mr. business from day to day, because a short bill would answer the purpose as it had done before, and give both the noble lord and the directors time to digest the business properly.

He was entering into many particulars; but being informed by the speaker that this was not a proper time he fat down.

Lord North thought a short bill would not answer the pur - Ld. pose; it was necessary tocome now to a decision; the interest of the company and that of the public were united. The sooner a bargain was made between them the better it wduld be for both parties : each would know on what foundation

ith and Mr. Baker each said a few words, in favour of a short bill.

Sir Grey Cooper supported lord North; and the question being put, was carried without a division.

The bill for the better preventing smuggling was committed It contained a clause for confiscating the ship or vessel, on board of which should be found a greater quantity of spirits, wines, tea, &c. than should be necessary for the consumption

of

# On the Committee ' s making their report that there was no fund, and that the sum aflted for was really waored, the House in a committee of supply, granted io, ooool. for this purpose.

May 17,

members too severe; because it might happen, that the own : r of the vessel should be perfectly blameless, as being totally ignorant of any intention to defraud the revenue : the master and crew might take goods on board in order, if possible, to run them, while the owner could by no means know any thing of this matter : and yet by this clause, though completely ignorant of the commission of the offence, it was the owner, the unoffending owner, who was to be punished; and that too, by the total confiscation of the ship. This was the sum of Sir John the reasoning of M x. Uuncombeand Sir John; the Delml. latter of whom moved an amendment, that instead of the confiscation of the ship, a penalty ( hovild be levied of treble the

Mr. fftlher - yalue of the run goods found on board. —Mr. Wilberfirce put a case, in which it would be nbt only severe, but unjust to confifeate the vessel, : a master of a ship might take in the necessary quantity of spirits for a three months voyage; and by fortunately having a fair and brisk wind, perform the voyage in six weeks : the Custom - house officers visit his ship, and finding in it a greater quantity of spirits, &c. than the law allows, inftft that the vessel shall be confiscated. In this case confiscation mail enfufc, unless prevented by the interposing discretion of the commissioners; but he w ( hed to combat and destroy not only this heavy penalty, but the discretion; for discretion was but another name for tyranny, and laid an unintentionally offending man at the mercy of a whimsical commissioner, who might coniifcate or not, just as caprice should directhim.

The Jttnr - The ditorney - Generalobserved, th2t there was not a greater

GamnU hardship imposed by the present bill, on the owners of ships than that which existed already. If ' at sea a ship should,

k through the ignorance or negligence of the master, run down

another 5 the owner, though completely ignorant of the trans - a < £lion, and consequently innocent of any intention to damage the property of another, was bound in law to make good Hie damages; nay, though the ship that had run down tho other should not be worth ico\ yet the owner was bound to taajce good the damages, though they should amount to u ), OOol It was the fame with respect to coaches; if a servant driving his master’s carriage, should damage that of another perfolD the master, the unoffending master, would be bound to « niik6 good the loss. It would not be proper, he admitted, that a ftiip should be confiscated in such a case as the last speaker bad stated; but in that cvfe, and in others, such as when even the master or commander of the ship knows not that any

S5 *

A - i78f. DEBATES.

of his men hive run goods on board, the ship could and ought to be protected only by the discretion of the commissioners $ for if it should be once enacted, that a ship could not be con - fifeated, unless the mailer knew that there were run goods on board, the consequence would be, that no mailer ever would know it, because be would not take the trouble to try.

Sir Thomas Clavering was on the same side of the queflTon j and Sir George lounge on the other.

Thd committee at lad divided; and Sir John % Delaval ’ a amendment was rejected; and the original clause for coniif - c&ting the ship was carried by a majority of 29.

For the amendment 58 Against it 87

The committee then went through the remaining clausesy which met with no oppodtion.

The House being resumed, the order of the day was read, for reading a second time the bill for preventing desertion from the royal navy.

Mr. Minchin was the first who opposed it : the bill, he said y heaped hardships upon the mod valuable set of men in the empire; and it was difficult to determine, whether the bill was more exceptionable in its principle or its provisions : to him they appeared repugnant to liberty and found policy; as they attempted to retain, by punishments, those who ought to be galled by rewards and allured by gentle usage. He them went through the different clauses, and dated his ohje&ions to each as he went along. Upon the whole, he considered it as leading to promote, indead of preventing, desertion, and of keeping men back from entering into the navy, indead of wooing them forward. He concluded with a motion, that the bill should be read a second time on that day four months.

Admiral Keppel also found fault with the bill; and was of Admiral opinion that if it passed, the House would be obliged to pass another for manning the merchant ships; for the present bill would not leave them the means of getting hands to navigate their vessels. There was something radically wrong in the management of the navy, otherwise we should not hear of defeftions as of late had thinned the service : in the lad war they were little known. There was a practice, to which heajeribed, in a great measure, those desertions; he meant thefplitting of ships companies, and separating those who w feed to serve together under some particular officer, to wfrpin the were personally attached : serving under the officer theiy liked, they never thought of desertion; but being ferit to serve wit ' i men they never saw before, and under art office they did not know, they ( led from a service they disliked,

3 and

Mr. Mm -

cb ' uu

35 PARLIAMENTARY A - 1781.

and thus the ships were thinned. He knew an instance of a ship’s company that was dispersed up and down among other ships, while not above 2 or 300 were suffered to remain on board their own : it was well known how disagreeable this measure would be to the men, and therefore the place of their deft in at ion was kept a Secret; the consequence was, that many of them deserted, and the rest were unhappy, and clamoured. The ship he alluded to was the Victory, which he. had had the honour to command. It was a fa& which the papers upon the table would prove, that not fewer than 42, 000 men had deserted from the navy in the course of the present war. This was a most unprecedented thing; and the, Admiralty ought to refle6fc whether they had not, by this treatment of the navy, given rife to this uncommon desertion. He was Sorry that he had not been able to attend the House while the Greenwich - hospital bill was going through it; he would have taken care to Speak in favour of the common men, when those whose business it was to protect them had Sacrificed their interests : by that bill every common man’s share of prize money, which should not have been claimed for three years, was given to the hospitaL He was sorry the term had not been enlarged to six years. He knew of two instances in the last war, where the captors had not been able to return to England for four years after they had made the prizes; in one case they were intitled to 35I. a man, the whole sum amounting to 8000I. and yet they wefe never able to get a shilling of their money, because the application had not been made within the three years specified in the a£ of Parliament. It therefore was not surprising that men. should be ready to desert when they found so little encouragement to do their duty. He just touched upon the late lots of the Euftatius fleet; he laid he would not dwell upon it : he should only cry shame ! shame ! upon those, who had suffered a paltry squaaron of five fail of the line to in Suit out coast with impunity.

Mr. Wthb. Mr. Webb attributed the Spirit of desertion to the severity with which the seamen were treated in the king’s ships, and consequently he most disapprove of a bill, which, by ena& - ing greater Severities, must encrease that Spirit. He verified his opinion by what happened on board the London East - Indiaman that had been run down in a gale of wind, by the Russel man of war. When the Russel’s boats were employed in picking up the men who had - thrown them Selves into the sea, the captain, as he was quitting the London, Saw thirty - five; of his men remain behind he called to them to

A. 17B1. DEBATES.

save themselves, by quitting the /hip before /he could go down; they replied that they would not, because they were deserters. from the royal navy; and mutt, if they should return, be either hanged, or flogged from /hip to /hip; and sooner than bear this, they would go down, they said, with the London. The captain expostulated with them, but in vain; the /hip went down, and with her perished thirty - five as good Teamen as any in the British navy, who preferred death to the rigorous punishments inflicted in the King ' s ttiips. He knew the truth of this anecdote; for he had it from the captain, who was his own brother; and whose entreaties had not been able to prevail on those men to save themselves. In former times, he said, we were not at such a iofs for seaman as. at present; we had Swedes, Danes, and Ruffians to navigate our merchantmen; but now they were kept at home by order of their courts. We had America also to supply us with feairien; now they supply our enemies; nay our own men, driven from the service by the severities annexed to Jt > are absolutely in arms against us. He was informed by a captain of an English Eatt - Indiaman, who was prisoner on board a French 74 gun /hip, in the action of the 27th of July, that in the fame /hip were 40 British Teamen. These were the men who went aloft, and worked the /hip; these were the men who, commanded the guns, and fought bett against their country. The fame officer had assured him, that while he was a prisoner on /hore, where he was confined and used very ill, there were 500 British Teamen confined with him. These were tempted by the French with advantageous offers if they would enter on board the French /hips of war, or the American privateers, that were fitting out in the ports of France. The offers so far prevailed that some days 15, some days 20, used to embrace them; and it had brought tears in his eyes to fee, that of 500 fel - Iow - prisoners 300 had taken up arms against their country.

The present bill, if patted, would ruin our trade; and if it shoulff be read a second time, they would have petitions from all the great trading towns in England against it. The directors of the East - India company had already sent for him to advise with him about it; and had agreed that a deputation /hould be sent to lords North and Sandwich, to request that they would discountenance the hill; because if it /hould pass they could not be able to carry on their trade. He himself, as a husband of /hips, having now to supply the company with several, found it a very difficult matter to get men : /hips, rigging, ( lores, &c. he could get; but if the bill should pais, it Vol III Z L would

354

Mr. Caf - coyne.

PARLIAMENTARY i ? 8t.

would be out of his power to get men. Even now it cost the owners of the company’s ships iooool. extraordinary to the crew of each ship; and to encrease their hardships, and those of the company, one of those ships returning home With a cargo worth between 3 and 400, 000 !. from Which the public revenue was to derive considerable advantage, and which consequently well deserved protection, if met by a king’s ship, had 30 or 40 of her seamen pressed, and had not a sufficient number left behind to guard her from the common dangers of the sea, much less to defend her against the attacks of the moil insignificant privateer. Upon the whole he would oppose the bill, as oppressive to seamen and injurious to trade.

Mr. Gaftoym, fen. disapproved as much as the honotirable

member the practice of taking from merchantmen those hands that were necessary to navigate them; he had always concurred in giving protections to the trade : he had always, and ever would, set his face against those who should wantonly distress it; but he saw no force in the argument the honourable gentleman drew against the bill, from the dislike the trading towns had to it; if it had any force at all, it was certainly for, not against the bill; for it demonstrated that the merchants manned their ships with deserters from the royal navy; and if the bill should pass, desertion being cut up by the roots, the merchants could no longer succeed in seducing the king’s seamen from his service; and therefore the more they should oppose the bill the better opinion he would entertain of its efficacy in answering the end for which it had been drawn. Gentlemen seemed to feel very much for Feamen, and opposed this bill, because they conceived it enabled additional severities against that body of men : but in this they were most egVegiously mistaken, for there was not an idea of intended feverrty against the seamen to be found from one end of the bill to the other. The penalties it was calculated to inflict were levelled solely against - those who Sfhould entice or seduce them from the King s service; harbour or conceal them after desertion; and against those masters of ships who should employ them, knowing them to be deserters. This being the real objeCl and purport of the bill, was there a ft ) adow of rational objection to It ? Must not every gentleman have felt the necessity of checking the practice of crimps and others, who made it a point, nay a profession, to seduce men from the navy ? Was it not proper to cut off temptation from the seamen ? It was difficult for them to withstand the offers made to them by merchants and others; higher wages, 1 eaatr

355

A. 178. 1. DEBATES

easier service; no danger, but that of the sea to encounter; and to become their own matters at the end of five, fix, or twelve months, were temptations too strong to be reiitted by men who had not a nice sense of duty; and therefore it ought to be made penal in those who should make those offers; and however necessary it was to encourage trade, it ought to be a prior consideration to man the royal navy, by which alone the trade of the country could be protected, gentlemen had mentioned the practice of pressing; and had feribed to it the desertions complained of : but was it reasonable to suppose that 42, 000 men, who had deferred, were ftl ! pressed men ? They certainly were not; and most undoubtedly a very large proportion of them had been volunteers, and had received bounty - money; some fourteen, some fifteen, some eighteen pounds in bounty from the king, the city of London, the India Company, and subscription - money. lienee it was clear, that even volunteers were not to be held ty rewards, so long as the merchants were permitted to offer them greater; and few seamen, after having received 16I. from the public, would refill the alluring offer of 2Ql. more; with higher wages, and service in which they should he ex - jposed to no danger but that of the sea, which they did not value a rush.

Upon the whole, the arguments that he had heard, were against the provisions, not the principle of the bill; and as there was nothing properly before the House now, but the Consideration of the principle, namely, whether the bill should be read a second time or not, the arguments appeared to him premature, because they were directed against the clauses, which could not be considered till the bill should be in the committee; and as no one lyjd brought the fmattett argument to impeach the principle, so he trusted the House would let the bill go to a committee, where the clauses, •gainst which the objections lay, might be so framed as to make the whole of the bill completely unobje&ionable.

Mr ., was strongly against the bill, thinking its Mr *

tendency not only dangerous to the liberties of the seamen, but the nation at large, for it established a kind of inquisition throughout the navy, and men of all descriptions ought incur the penalties imposed without any intentional offence. There was one clause, and only one, to which he saw np Important objection, that which imposed a penalty on crimes ' for seducing sailors from the service 5 but as the principle of the bill was so highly improper, he thought it would be bet - tier to reject it altogether than let it go to a committee; and

Zu if

SS6

Mr. D

wing.

Mr. Pen ton.

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

jf the gentlemen thought the clause he alluded to of import ance enough to make a new bill for that alone, he for one should not oppose it.

Mr. Dunning took the same side; but differed so far with his honourable triend as to think every clause in the bill liable to weighty objections; the honourable gentleman over the way [ Mr. Gascoync ] had said it might be altered in a committee, so it might; but, in his opinion, it was so mif - Ihapen a monster altogether that no art could be able to lick it into a pleasing form. The principle itself he totally disapproved, for there was but one way to man the navy effectually, that was to make it theinterestof Tailors to enter, which of course would make it also their inclination; but compulsive measures could never, have the desired effeCf, aa ( l ought not to be attempted. He did not, like some of his honourable friends, think pressing unconstitutional, for it wag legalifed by necessity; on that plea, it had been practised in the best times as well as in the worst; and therefore he could not condemn it; but to exceed the limits of necessity, and oppress this useful body of men more than the exigencies of the state required, was totally unjustifiable; and that was the obvious tendency of the present bill. Having this objection then to its principle, there needed no other argument against its commitment; but he would not flop there, he would go through it clause by clause, and endeavour to shew that the provisions were equally absurd and improper with the principle on which they were founded. This he accordingly did with great accuracy, suggestittg a variety of objections to each clause separately, and condemning some as inhuman, fomc as nugatory, others as impracticable. Among the rest, there was a clause requiring captains of merchantmen to use their endeavours to difedver whether the men they engaged were deserters. This, he said, was a very mysterious direction, and the captains would no doubt be as much puzzled as himself to find out its meaning; for how they were to make such discovery he could not conjecture; but he apprehended there was a clause in the bill originally antecedent to this, though now struck out for reaions best Jcnown to the framers of it, which enacted that all sailors, on being imprested, or entering on board the fleet, should be marked with a hot iron, like fhcep, either on their b—k - f - des or some other part of their body, that they might be known again, as well by captains of merchantmen as their proper owners.

' Mr. Penton rose after Mr. Dunning, and defended his bill from all the preceding attacks 3 particularly by proving that

the

357

A. 1781. DEBATES.

the clauses most objected to by the last speaker were copied verbatim from former acts of Parliament.

Mr. Sheridan said, that the honourable gentleman had Mr. omitted to take notice of one objection adduced by Mr. Dunning, which was, that when Tailors, suspected to be de~ ferters, were brought before a justice of the peace, by virtue of this act, though the suspicion turned out to be groundless, they might, nevertheless, by authority of former statutes be impressed. He ironically complimented the board of Admiralty for the high sense they Teemed here to entertain of the honour of British Tailors; it might be illustrated by a very trite anecdote of Julius Caesar; for, like his wife, the character of our Teamen must be as clear of suspicion as just impeachment; they must not only be deserters, but not luf - petled to be To.

The Attorney General answered Mr. Sheridan, and con - The. dtorw

eluded the debate; when the question was decided by a de - "O ' vision:

For the second reading 65 Against it 73

The bill in cortTequence was thrown out.

The House then went into a committee on the standard gold bill, and the Goldsmith’s company being reconciled to the principle, it passed without opposition, only with this amendment, proposed by Lord Mahon, that the power of stamping the new standards shall be confined to London, in - ilead of giving it, as the bill first proposed, to York and various other places.

May 18.

The House went into a committee on the Isle of Mann bill, on which a long debate ensued, and various witnesses were examined at the bar. This bill was in its principle and con - Tequences of a private nature. It originated from the Duke of Athol, in consequence of Tome incroachments made by the crown on the manerial rights enjoyed by his Grace in that Ille. In the year 1765, the then Duke and Duchess of Athol were obliged, by Parliament, to give up to the Crown, for the consideration of 70, 000 !. the royalty of the isle, and also the import duties. This arbitrary purchase was made N by Mr. ' Grenville, then first lord of the Treasury, for the purpose of preserving the revenues of the Crown against the smuggling, which was carried to To great a length on this island. The particular question now. before the House, in this bill, was, with refjrcd to the duties paid upon the her -

358

PARLIAMENTARY A. 7&t.

ring - boats employed on this coast. They were claimed by the Crown under the powers of the act of the 5th of his present Majesty, as being a part of the import duties and the royalties of the island. This was denied by the Duke of Athol; and the present bill was introduced for the purpose of ascertaining this point. A very long debate ensued on this; and in the end the committee agreed to the claim, giving the herring fishery to the Athol family.

Adjourned to the 21 ft,

21.

Id. North. Lord North brought in the bill for continuing the Commission of accounts for another year, the title of which was read as follows:

" A bill to direct the payment into the Exchequer of the respective balances remaining in the hands of the several persons therein to be named, for the use and benefit of the public; and for indemnifying the said respective persons, and their epresentative9 in respect of such payments, and against all future claims relating thereto, and for other purposes therein to be mentioned. "

Mr. Baker. Mr. Baker rose and asked, whether the present bill at tho -

rifed the p ymaster of the forces and the treasurer of the navy, for the time being, to pay all fees that would become dueon passing the accounts of those paymasters of the army and treasurers of the navy who were out of office

The Spttker The Speaker read a part of the breviate of the bill to Mr, Baker, in order to shew him that a cl a use in it ejcpressly answered his question, by enacting that all feea should e paid by the paymaster of the army and treasurer of the navy in office.

Mr. Baker. Mr. Baker then said, he wished to know if the present bill would quiet and secure those, who, from being the descendants of persons who had been former paymasters of the army and former treasurers of the navy, were liable, at a great distance of time, to be suddenly called upon to clear up accounts, with which they were but little acquainted. Such a measure would contribute greatly to the eale and happiness of many private families; in fatft, it was his own case, and he wished to have an end put to the disagreeable circumstance of such a matter hanging over his head. iA. North. Lord North said, the present bill, being merely to continue the commission of accounts for another year, was confined to that object, with two exceptions only, viz, the

clause

359

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

claafe that dire£h d the commiHSoners to examine the extraordinaries of the army; and the clause, ordering all payrmfters of the army, and tteafurers of the navy, who were out of office, to pay in their balances, and enacting that all fees that such balances should be liable to should be defrayed by the public. With regard to t e honourable gentleman’s idea,. that was a matter that had reference to one great object of the commission of accounts, but which the commissioners had not yet taken into their consideration, vz. to endeavour to find out and fugged a better and more speedy mode of keeping and passing the public accounts. The aft directed the commissioners to make their ultimate consideration, their lirft object being to fee what public money was in the hands of public accountants, in order that the fame might he paid io for the immediate use of the public. He hoped, however, and truded, that before the commissioners had concluded their business, they would proceeed to the very point, to which the honourable gentleman had alluded.

The bill was read a fird time, and ordered to be read a second. '

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke called the attention of the Houlfe Sir p&fy

to the motion which he had intimated, of a tax to be laid upon placemen and pensioners. He considered this as a very proper and necessary measure to be adopted by the House in the present very critical and didreffing situation <. f our affairs.

It was a resource to which the nature of our danger and of our wants inclined us to look; for who were so proper to contribute to the maintenance of the war as those noblemen and gentlemen who had been the authors of it ! It was a tax too, wai+anted by precedent. There was already a small duty Opon places above a certain amount. He thought that the circutudance of military officers being reduced to half - pay in time of peace, fuggeded the propriety of reducing civil officers to half - pay ’ in time of war. There were many places in which the salaries were moderate, and the trouble was considerable; he would not wish to affect them; but from the evidence of the Journals, he was warranted in saying, that there were several places inconvenient, useless, and expensive, which ought to be abolished altogether, much more taxed. This being the sense of the House, he could not believe that they would oppose a measure, to the p opriety of which they had rn fast agreed. He at the same time could not believe that this measure could be in the lead of - fettfive to those goftdesnen who held places and pensions un -

der

sS6o PARLIAMENTARY Autfiu

der - government. They had expressed, through the whole progress of the war, the utmost anxiety for the support of it, and the utmost zeal for the welfare of their country. They could not then but be pleased with the opportunity of proving the truth of their professions, and of standing forth with a small part of what they received in support of that war to which they had given birth. The motion which he had to propose, was a tax of five per cent, on all places and pensions above 200I. a year. He made it this sum, because he thought that this would nearly bring them to the fame rate as military officers in time of peace, to half - pay. He said, he had not consulted the sentiments of gentlemen on this point. He had not even asked his friends to come down; nor did he know whether or not his motion would be seconded. He had left it totally to its own merits. He dared to say, that if it was thought unworthy their consideration it would not be seconded; anti that if it appeared in the eyes of the friends of their country, of the lovers of ceconomy, and of management, as it did in his, a proposition that aeferved to be considered and adopted, it would be honoured with their support. He concluded with moving,

" That it be an instruction to the committee of ways and means, that they do consider of applying to the service of the public, during the continuance of the present war, a certain proportion of the offices held by persons who now are or may be members of either House of Parliament. "

Colonel Colonel Hartley very ably and warmly seconded the motion, Usrtitj. as a fajr an ( j just. relief offered to the public in a moment of exertion, and fuflering against new taxes and burthens The subject was oppressed With taxation. He was obliged to contribute, from his hereditary fortune, or his daily indiiftry, large and encreasing sums; while those who were favoured with the places and pensions of government were relieved from the taxation, though they were the authors of the necessity. He called to the recolle£lion of the House the petitions of the people; and said, that they recommended strongly the present proposition to the House; for it went to a very considerable saving in the public expence.

The House divided on the motion. Ayes, 33; noes, 93. The House then went into a committee of iiipply on the extraordinaries of the ordnance, and other services.

Sir Charles Sir Charles Cocks rose, and stated to the House the sums Cficis. that were required to answer the extraordinary services of the ordnance for the current year. The honourable baronet said, the House would consider the necessity that there was for extraordinary

A. ij8k

DEBATES.

taordinary Exertions at a time when we were involved in lb dreadful a war with so many enemies. The occasion was unprecedented, and the House would therefore fee the ne - cefEfy of extraordinary expence. Another great reason for the extraordinary expence incurred, and which was not foreseen was, that unce the first estimate was laid upon the table another enemy has itarted up against Britain in the States - General, against whom also we had to provide, and the far - ther exertion made the expence the more. The sums which he was now jto move for, were, for services of which the ordnance could not give an estimate at the time that they pre - feoted their former accounts to the House. Of some of the services they were not aware at the time; but, as the necefli - ties arose, were obliged to provide for them as the operations of the war required ! Beside the sums in the gross account which he had to move for, there was an article which coul not be brought into the account, for the expence of encampments ip Great Britain. The expence would be about 60,

65, 0001. This expence was necessary, and it was not fore - seen by the Board; they could not therefore bring it into. their accounts. But gentlemen would fee and acknowledge. the necessity of having encampments, that the coasts might pot be left to the mercy of invading enemies. There was charge of 64, 538 !. for the purchase of lands, and the expend of erecting fcatteries thereon, in different places of the coast. As fte could not, without danger to the state, lay before the House thp particular estimate of the expenditure of this sura, he rauft consider it as receiving so much upon account, for which the Board mufl be answerable to the House when they could, without apprehension or danger, state the particulars of the application. By Hating to the House now the places where these forts and batteries had been erected, and were erecting, would be to point out to the enemies where they might attack us with advantage, and where with detriment. The next article was a small sum, incurred by the blowing

3 of part of the powder works. It was 5000I. These were the additional expences for home service. The next article was for the expence of powder and stores sent to Gibraltar by the fleet. This amounted to 59, 709 !. He could only lay, with respect to this charge that the whole quantity of powder and stores onfered, had been duly sent by the Board, and they were supplied with ammunition of every kind to serve them for a reasonable time. He said, he observed gentlemen seemed surprised or dii ’ pleased with his charge. It was, cvl in whatever manner the board of ordnance a6led

A a a

they

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781. '

r. T.

they would be condemned; it would be either said of them that they gave too little or they gave too much. In addition to this there was a charge of 4250I. for the stores sent to Minorca by the fame fleet. The next article was for erecting a very useful and necessary fort in Florida : the sum was 20, 5001. This had been erected under the inspection of Co - lonel Campbell; and, from the report of the lieutenant - governor, who was lately returned home, having been a prifo - ner, he was enabled to say that it was a very important and strong defence. The enemy had contrived two expeditions against Florida, and had gone to an expence of blood and treasure more than it was worth. This had at least made a considerable diversion in our favour. There was a sum ot 895 !. for expences incurred for Goree; 4500I. for Halifax, in Nova Scotia; 3364I. for Newfoundland. The importance of these places would be a sufficient justification for the expence. There had been erected in East Jersey, works which had amounted to 687 cl. and for the stores and ammunition sent to the island the ( um was 10, 6331. The late attack upon that island had made these additional expences necessary. The last article in the charge was for Virginia : it amounted to 4, 5531. and was for stores furnished at the requisition of the governor. The whole of the account, for which he had to move the committee, amounted to the sum of 252, 104 !. 2s. lod. He stated again the necessity that there was for the board of ordnance to go to heavy expences in the present con - fli6t$. The sums that they were obliged to apply to the navy part of the services, for which they had to provide, were very large, and much above what was voted by Parliament for that specific service. It generally amounted to twice the sum granted for that purpose in the 4I. per man, per month. The utility of the board of ordnance was apparent. It stood upon foundations which could not be shaken, and he sincerely wished that it were seriously and candidly inquired into by Parliament. He concluded with moving,

" That it is the opinion of this committee, that a sum, not exceeding 252, 104 ! ! 3s. rod. be voted, in order to defray the expence of extraordinaries of the ordnance, not provided for by estimate. " 1

Mr. T. ‘Townshend animadverted with great humour on several parts of the honourable baronet’s estimate, and particularly on the charge that was made for buildings which were not to be discovered to the House for fear that they should be discovered to the enemy. The honourable baronet had uifplayed wonderful powers of wit, genius, and humour, in

the

3 3

A. 1781. DEBATES.

the course of his speech, and had with equal gravity and ingenuity told the committee that France, Spain, Holland, and America, being at war with Great Britain had hostile intentions towards us; that our foes, being treacherous, were perfidious enemies; that great and expensive military operations coil a great deal of money; and he had concluded the whole of this able, ingenious, and moll witty speech with an epigrammatic motion for the committee to vote no less a sum than 252, 1041. 3s. lod. for the extraordinaries of the ordnance. From this jocose method of treating the subject, Mr. Townshend grew more serious, and said, thus it was that Parliament was called on year after year to vote large efti - mates, without explanation, and without account; the only argument now thought necessary to be used was merely a firing of general remarks, as applicable to one occasion as another, and which gave no satisfa < SHon to gentlemen, nor proved in any degree whatever, either that the sums they were called upon to vote were to be applied to necessary services, or that any sort of care was taken of l ' o large a branch of the public expenditure as that under the controul of the board of ordnance. The honourable baronet had come down for a large estimate some time since, now he came down for large extra - ordinaries, and that was not all; for the honourable gentleman had told the committee that they wore to have another expence to provide for, that of the camp establishment of the summer, which the honourable gentleman had declared would amount to above 6o, ooool. Mr. Townshend said, this mode of doing business was mere trilling; why, he wi/lied to know, had not that expence been charged in the present fextraordi - naries, and the whole that the public had to pay been brought before the House at once ? It was evident from the honourable baronet’s having mentioned the sum of 65, 000 !. that he amid give a pretty good guess at what the amount would be; he wished therefore to know for what reason it was that the charge was not put into the present account ? With regard to the charge for Gibraltar he found no fault with it on account of the sum; he only wished to know whether the quantity of powder which was ordered had been sent, as a rumour had gone abroad that they had been so exceedingly short as to be fearful of using what was in the magazine, and also that it was of a very inferior quality. But he could fcarfcely complain of the enormous amount of the extraordinaries, nor of the small share of satisfaction afforded Parliament by the honourable baronet, as to the necessity and the ceconomy of the ordnance expenditure, when he considered that a building,

A a a 2 under

364 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

under the name of a Royal Academy, was going on at an immpnfe cost to the public While such unnecessary and idle works were prosecuting, to look for care and oeconomjr in the management of unavoidable subjects of expence, would be as absurd and ridiculous as it was from the faihion of the time to expect accounts and information, when the Houfo were called on to vote aWay large sums of the public money.

Si tCharlu Sir Charlts Cocks said in reply, that the board of ordnance Cock1. bad no authentic information before them on the fubrje < 5t of the encampments, and it would not be justifiable for them to come to that House with matters of mere preemption and probability. When the facts were in due fdrm made known to them, then they should be warranted in stating them re gularly to the House. He gave an account from an office paper of the quantity of powder that ha been in the garrison of Gibraltar since the year 1777, agreeable to the several reports transmitted by the governor.

Mr Burkt. Mr. Burke spoke for some time in a humourous stile on the

present ordnance extraordinaries; he said the first estimate from that board he considered as a substantial dish, the roast beef of the table; the extraordinaries now to be voted were the second course, rather less substantial; and by and by a : tolerably expensive desert of 65, 0001. costs was to be brought before them. He‘ had been once one of those ill - informed persons who believed that the office of ordnance was incon - r yenient and useless, and might bp abolished without injury to the public service. He was now, however, of a contrary opinion, for they shewed such address and ( kill in preparing, the defence of their country that they deserved the highest commendations. Inquire where this defence, these forts, and batteries are ! Oh ! no, by no means; that would give information to the enemy, they go on a more ingenious plan They write up " spring - guns and steel traps are set here, " but they do not point out the exact places, for then the enemy would not fall into them. It was impossible, he said, for any man to discover whereabouts our batteries and fortifications were placed; they were absolutely invisible, and yet lb wonderfully well disposed, that whenever an enemy attempted to invade or march through our territories, he would be certain to find himself all of a sudden exposed to the fire of pur cannon, or flopped in his progress by our intrenchments. This was a kind of enchanted island, wherein, like that at Drury - lane, the ground was covered with trap - doors and pit - falls, and he was sorry to add, that, like those, when the curtain dropped, we should probably find the whole kind

36S

A « DEBATES *

of farce; So he ( hpposed these fortresses that were built God knew where, would spring up and catch the French, let them attempt to attack us wherever they chose. Thus our indented island would produce new defences at the will of tha{ hoard of magicians, the board of ordnance; and though no EngKfhmart was to know where they were, the French would find them to their cost whenever they approached. He wished that these new defences might not be found, as feme of our old ones had been in times of danger, to be forts without guns; or else, forts mounted with plenty of guns, but without men enough to fight them. This invisible system of theirs has been very successful. But however their works were not aR invisible. Their ramparts and their batteries, and this strength, are invisible in every place but in that House. There they ere£ their fortresses, and there they plant their artillery; and if their cannon succeed there, they are neither careful nor anxious for the defence of their country in any other part. If the place and the pension be saved the point is gamed. The honourable gentleman commented with equal pleasantry on other parts of the account. He noticed the expenditure of i2 ooool. in building barracks, and an hospital in Tobago, as a shameful waste of money; all this money being laid out merely to lodge two companies of soldiers. The Account was a perfect jack - o ’ - lanthorn. A person did not know where to have it. It led him from place to place with die most ingenious artifice. It was intitled on the back

Estimates of the ordnance for the land service. " And no fboner do you open it, and begin to read, but you are carried to sea. You wish to examine how, after the sum granted by Parliament for the ordinary expence of the sea service, which hr all former periods had been deemed nearly sufficient, so large a lum should now be required for that branch of expence. Oh I you are immediately answered you must consider the lum expended in the land service. Inquire then how lb much should be spent in the land service; and you are in - ftmtly launched again upon the wide ocean; and must consider the expence. Thus fays the honourable gentleman, freaking out into an unintentional extempory,

Such wondrous skill and sense go hand in hand,

The more we rea4 > the less we understand.

Finding he had accidentally made a distich, he allured the House it was an involuntary. " Suppose then, " fays the honourable gentleman, that we were to throw this curious actant ihta rhyme. " $i natura negat

The

PARLIAMENTARY ’. A. ifit;

The honourable gentleman said, there were complaints abroad, that though it was boa/led of as an excellence, our powder was made at home, yet the Spaniards ’ powder would reach us at Gibraltar, but ours would not reach them. This called for inquiry. He had often known the word homebrewed serve as an excuse for the moll execrable beverage that could be set upon table; and thus, though the landlord thought it enough to say that his liquor was home - brewed, the guelt suffered by it, and this might possibly be the case with our powder sent to Gibraltar. Another matter, Mr. Burke observed, deserved notice, and though it was but a rumour, yet that rumour was so generally credited, that he thought the aflair ought to be ascertained, and if it turned out to be true, hlame, and severe blame, should lie somewhere or other. What he alluded to was, the report that from some neglect the garrison of Gibraltar was left so de/litute of powder that admiral Darby was obliged almo/lto ilrip his fleet, in order to leave 2000 barrels of powder in the magazine of the garrison. Hejcalled upon some one or other of the commissioners to inform the House what they knew in respe£ to this fact. It was exceedingly material, that neglect, so dangerous and blamable should be inquired into. It was said, that admiral Darby’s fleet had failed without a supply of powder to the garrison, and that upon the requisition of the governor, the fleet had remitted them the quantity which he had mentioned from their own Hores. He took notice of the Angular reason that was given for going to the expence of 20, ocol. for erefling a fort in Florida. It was a very large sum, and the consolation that the House received was, that it had been the means of putting the enemy to the expence of more blood and treasure than it was worth. We seemed only mindful of the expence to which we put the enemy. If we put the enemy in any expedition to a little more expence than we incurred ourselves, it was held a sufficient reason for our waste and extravagance. He compared PenfacoJa to an impure of fa/hion, and said, the repeated charges for its works being repaired and /lengthened, qnd arguments used in justification of the expence, on the ground, that notwithstanding it coll us a great deal, yet if the Spaniards took it, it would coll them a great deal more; reminded him of one of those ladies, who though extremely coarse and ill - favoured herfeJf, yet having been talked into a reputation, by the polite world, was first kept by a man, till having ruined him, /he gave her company to a second of greater fortune; which having wailed, /he passed on to a third; and so on till /lie ha < f ruined the whole fetj each of

• he *

li. rjti. DEBATES. 367

her keepers consoling himself with the idea that his successor, in possession of her charms, would unavoidably be reduced to beggary by her extravagance as well as himself. The honourable gentleman gave way to the liberal impulse of his mind; and as a lover of the arts, which give true grandeur to a country, laid he would not agree with his honourable friend that the building of the Royal Academy was a matter to be complained of For a great kingdom to adorn its metropolis with magnificent buildings was, he thought, at all times wife and justifiable, but that was not the onlydefence to be made for the erection of the Royal Academy. The congregating and bringing together of a great variety of offices, had from various motives of convenience and aifpatch, been a matter much desired. The ruinous state of Somerset House, and the large fcite of ground it flood on, added to the elegi - ble situation of the spot, all combined to prove that the space occupied by a falling and deserted palace, would be very use - fully filled with an assemblage of public offices. On that idea J

the old palace was purchased for the public, and on the ground, on which it had flood, an immense pile of building had been raised. No man, who looked at the present Hate of the works going on there would think that the money had been wasted, or lavishly employed; the stru < 5lure, already erected, answering for every pound that had been voted, so satisfactorily, that a doubt could not remain in any spe6lator’s mind as to the honesty and care of the application of the sums that Parliament had granted for the service. The buildings were upon an immense scale, and when completed would be of infinite utility. He saw, therefore, no reason to complain that a fpiendid front had been erected, and that, as you entered the portal of public office, you passed the feat of elegance and taste on the one hand, and the feat of learning and philosophy on the other. Such a building did honour to the present age, and it would render the metropolis of Great Britain famous throughout Europe. These were not among the deeds of the board of works that he should disapprove of, when he saw value for the public money; when there was so much national grandeur and magnificence, for so many guineas he would never complain. It was their invisible works to which he objected; works which were never discovered, nor discoverable, except in the estimates of expence, which they laid upon that table.

Sir Charles Cocks, in answer to this, said, that the board knew Sir CharUt nothing of any such occurrence; the chief engineer had men - c tioned in his letters no want of powder; which, had there been a deficiency, he certainly would not have omitted to do.

Mr.

368 PARLIAMENTARY A. j.

Mn Byn£.. jr > Byng said, this answer did not seem satisfactory; be therefore pressed the honourable Baronet for forae more information on the subject.

Sir Charles and the other members of the board of ordnance, again answered thel ' e enquiries, by saying, that the board had no official information of the fad alluded to; that they only heard it individually by report.

Sir P. y. Sir Philip Jennings Clerke observing that there was a charge Ckrk of a considerable lum for the account of ordnance, sent in compliance with the requisition of the governor of Virginia, desired to Jcnow who that officer was, whether it was one Arnold, or who else

Sir Cherla sir Charles Cocks replied, " Lord Dunmore, to be sure. " fa P ' y# Sir Philip Jennings Clerke then asked if Lord Dunmore had Clerk *. been governor of Virginia all the time of the war; and lifted a few remarks on the subject of Mobile and Pensacola. lovd Georgt LordGeorgc Germaine rose to answer the honourable Baronet, Ctrmsm as it rather related to his department than to the board of ordnance he would reply to it; Lord Dunmore, his lordffiip informed the committee, had applied to him, and thinking the present a time, when if he returned to his government of Virginia, he might be of use to his country, had offered his services to go there. That tender had been accepted, and as the noble lord had made a requisitiou of such ordnance flores as he thought would be of use, or would be necessary in America, that requisition had been complied with, and therefore it flood charged in the accounts then under con - fi derat ion. With regard to what gentlemen said relative fp Pensacola; that place was certainly of very great importance to this country, as indeed the Spaniards thought, having fitted out no less than two expeditions with the hopes of tak -. ing it, but they had happily been repulsed each time; and when they should again attack it, such was the slate of its strength, and ' such the safety arising from the new works lately erected there, that he flattered himself the Spaniards would not find it so easy a capture as they might imagine. His lordship said farther, that the commander in chief at Pensacola had lately metwith a very able and ingenious engineer by accident, whb had put the works into a ( late of thorough repair, and had built two new forts, one of them at the mouth < river to guard the entrance, so that he had no great aproheq - fion with regard to the safety of Pensacola. As he was upon his legs, his lordship said, he would, with the leave of the committee, say a word or two relatiye to the affiur of the powder, reported to have been left by Admiral Darby at Gibraltar,

i

A. 178#. DEBATES. 363

raltar, but what he should say was only a rumour, for th® fact was not sufficiently ascertained to enable him to speak of it with certainty. His opinion was, that the report ? was founded, and that Admiral Darby finding there was rather less powder than other stores in the magazine at Gibraltar, had left what he could spare, keeping enough on board his fleet to bring him home, and to serve for any occasion that might call for powder in the course of his voyage. Should this tjim out to be the case, he thought Admiral Darby, who was undoubtedly a very good officer, had acted in a very proper and becoming manner; what he had said, however, with regard to the fact was merely by conjecture.

Mr. Byngmade a short reply, and said, what the noble Mr.

lord had suggested relative to Pensacola, and relative to Gibraltar, was an evident proof of the scandalous neglect of office. For what had the noble lord told the committee ? He had told them, that Pensacola had been neglected and left to chance, and at last the commander there was obliged to employ a strange engineer, any body that he could pick up, to repair the works, and put the place in a proper state of defence. With regard to Gibraltar, if it was true that Admiral Darby had been obliged to leave above 2000 barrels of powder there, ought not an inquiry to be instantly let on foot, in order to find out who it was that had been so scandalously neglectful ? If the garrison was worth preserv - ing, better care ought to have been taken of it, and its security not suffered to depend on the mere accident of Admiral Darby’s being able to spare so much of the powdrr of the fleet. Mr. Byng said, that a {lory was circulated, and he really believed it was true, that the last time that Mr. Elliott wrote borne for powder his requisition was for 15, 000 barrels, and that instead of fending him that quantity, only 1500 were sent him; this, if true, also called for inquiry.

Lord George Germain said in reply, that he imagined the Lord flory just related by the honourable ‘gentleman must be a Ctnmri *. mistake, because the magazine at Gibraltar would only contain 9000 barrels, and as the street was not a proper plr. ee to leave powder in, he could not suppose that the lieutenant governor would write for 6oco barrels more than the magazine would hold, With regard to what he had said respect - ing the Admiral ' s leaving 2000 barrels of powder at Gibraltar, if it were true, it by no means followed that the board of ordnance must neceflTarily have been to blame, because the 4uty of the Board was to send out so much powder and such

Vol. Ill, B b b ordnance

37© PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

ordnance ( lores as the governor or chief in command in any garrison wrote for, and till they were written for it was not incumbent on them to fend any, because, if the rule he had just dated iyas pot observed, it would be impoflihle to knfiV the quantity wanted in any garrison at a distance from home, In answer to what the honourable gentleman had said, respecting Peofacola, he begged leave to set him right. Government had not neglected the safety of that important place, but the works not being thought sufficiently strong, the engineer had been taken prisoner, and the governor had not waited for another engineer to be lent out by the board of ordnance, but had very prudently and wifely employed an engineer in one of the foreign troops, serving there; a man of competent ( kill to repair the works, and put the place into a proper date of defence; this surely was rather laudable in the officer than a fair object of censure. plf. Bjitg. Mr. Eyng added a few more words on the fame ground with his former argument, and said, a moment’s rene&ion would shew the committee the egregious absurdity of the honourable Baronet’s declaration, that the office had no information in regard to the camps the ensuing dimmer. The commander in phief of the army, whose information surely was to be depended upon, fat at the board of ordnance as lieutenant general of the ordnance; and yet it was said that the board had no information.

Mr. Ken - Mr. Kendrick was of opinion, from these two circumstan - drick, ces, that there iould have been no want of powder in Gibraltar; first the depot had not been opened till January lad, when the first issue of powder was made from it; nor was fhere any great quantity of the 1000 barrels then issued consumed; for the enemy did not begin to fire upon the town till tfye jath of April, a little before the arrival of our fleet; the other circumstance was, that when Admiral Rodney carried supplies to the fortress, the governor purchased of the Spanish prize powder 758 barrels; the remainder was brought over to England, and fold here : it was fair from this to conclude that if all the ( lores and depots were not filled at that time, the governor would have bought up the whole of the Spanish powder.

Sir ci, artts - Sir Charles Frederick also ( poke, and after some farther con - Frtdtnck. verlation, the motion was put, and carried without a division.

' An immaterial debate then took place, on a motion of Sir

Herbert Mackworth ’ s, for granting 1200U to Dr. Smith for : 1 ‘ J&bb attending

to *

A. i $r. DEBATES.

attending the gaols. A division took place. Ayes 66.

Noes 26 *.

A resolution was passed, that 36, 0001. be granted for carrying on the building of Somerset - House.

Th$ House next resolved itself into a committee ( Mr.

Bootle in the chair ) when Sir Thomas rose and after ^, r 7 *

a short speech, in which he flated, that putting the British Jinens on the fame footing with the Irish, would injure the cotton manufactory, said he should move for leave to bring in a bill to give the fame bounties to cottons that was intended to be given to linens, during the continuance of the Irish statute, which granted bounties to the Irish linens; but he would first call a witness to shew the importance of the cotton manufacture, and to prove the great duties it paid to government.

Sir Harry Houghton supported Sir Thomas Egerton’s argu - sir merits ', and said, he would second his motion.

Lord North made a short speech, in which he said, thathis Lord wish was to avoid giving any bounties, which he imagined would be more agreeable to the House He remarked, that From what the honourable Baronet, member for Lancashire, lxad flated, it was admitted cottons flood in no need of bounty, and that the application was merely with a view to put cottons on as good a footing as linens would be put on, if the bill, then in its progress through the House, should pass; fd that in fatt, by the Irish legislature’s passing a law to give a bounty on the exportation of their own linens, this country tad been saddled with two bounties, neither of which would have been applied for had not Ireland taken the lead. His lordship said farther, that under the circumstances of the case, he could not refute the application -, but he recommended it to the gentlemen to make the bill to continue in force for a limited time only, that was, till the Irish act was repealed.

Mr. Lkmpjier solemnly declared, he did not in the least Mr. grudge Ireland her late emancipation in point of commerce *

, and manufacture; on the contrary, he wished that country to derive every possible advantage from it, and hoped to fee her soon grow rich and flourifiling. If he thought that obtaining the bill, he had brought in, would give umbrage to Ireland, or break that union and regard, which he hoped ever

This was carried through the House With difficulty, but being epposed in the Upper House by the Lord Chancellor was thrown out *

to

m

PARLIAMENT ARY A. 178

to fee subsefl between the two - countries, he would push it no farther, but the propofetion was so reasonable that he could not imagine it wotfld be attended with any such consequences.

Mr. S tanley, Mr. Stanley laid a few words in support of Sir Thomas Egerton’s proportion.

At length Mr. Peele was called to the bar and examined. He flated himself to be a considerable manufacturer, residing at Bury, near Manchester. He faitl, the House of which he was a member, employed six thousand hands in his bufeness, that in the course of a year they print and stamp 6g, oo® yards of linen and cotton, 40, 000 of which their own people manufacture. That the amount of the duty paid by them to government was i8, ooool. a year, and the cotton used by them is imported from the British West - India islands, and the yam brought over as soon as spun from Ireland. He flated also various other particulars relative to the cotton manufacture, and said that it mufl be materially aifected by the proposed bounty on British linens, stamped and exported; and without an adequate duty mufl be injured and pressed down in the foreign markets.

Sir Thomas Sir "Thomas Egerton, as soon as the witness was withdrawn,

Egsrton. said the testimony he had given would serve sufficiently to convince the committee of the importance of the subject, he should therefore take up no more of their time, but should move,

c < That it is the opinion of this committee, that leave he given to bring in a bill to allow a bounty on all cottons exported for a time to be limitted. " 4

The motion was agreed to.

May 22.

Mr. Cilhett. Mr. Gilbert moved for a bill for the better relief and em -

ployment of the poor. He said it was a subject the mofl difficult, and at the same time the mofl interesting and important to the future welfare and prosperity of this country, that could be brought before Parliament; that he felt the weight of it, and was conscious how unequal he was to the talk he had undertaken; but knowing that industry and application, with perseverance, would, in some degree, supply the want of abilities, and relying on the candor, good - will, and alfection of the House, to an undertaking which so nearly concerned every individual member and his constituents, he would prelume to slate this matter in the light it appeared to him upon the mofl mature confederation.

That, before the 43d of Elizabeth, the poor were chiefly maintained by the religious houses, and the bounty and gen rofety of well - disposed persons.

That

37J

DEBATES.

That, by the 43d of Elizabeth, provisions were made for

their maintenance and em ment.

That it was a humame politic law, jfenned with great accuracy and ability, but he apprehended, that if the compilers of it had foreseen what has since been grafted upon it, and has passed in confluence of it, that law would never have passed.

That the subsequent statutes, concerning settlements, removals, certificates, and ballard children, have perplexed, confounded, and defeated the best part of it.

That idleness and profligacy had supplanted labour and in - duftry, which were the great objects of that act, and that men of vicious dispolitions, rather than labour to maintain their wives and children, most unnaturally forsake them, and go into remote parts of the country sometimes working, hut more frequently pilfering and plundering for their own fub - fiflence; leaving their families, as they term it, a legacy to the parish, conndering them as intailed upon the landed property of the kingdom.

Tnence, he facd,. arose the distresses to their poor families; the parish officers treat them with cruelty, raile disputes about their settlements, and drive them from place to place, by which they are exposed to many hardships and distresses.

That these burdens and distresses have been long felt, and have occasioned, within the lall century, many efforts to be relieved from them, hut hitherto without success.

That the lall attempt, which was made, was sixtee# years ago, by a hill to divide every county into convenient difiri&4, and to establishi hojifes of inaullry.,

The bill in which he took a part with many other gentlemen, made its way through that House with general approbation, but was very unfortunately loll in the House of Lords. That many circumstances had since happened to set that object in a different view. The scarcity of money and the increase of taxes would render the expences ofjbuilding and providing such houses as were then intended, insupportable, if, upon full consideration, that should be thought the bell plan to be adopted. Under these circumstances he had turned his thoughts to attain the end fought for by that bill upon a more oeconoitiical plan. And instead of erecting large and expensive buildings for the reception of all forts and descriptions of poor people, he wished only to confine it to the aged, infirm, and impotent poor, who were unable by their labour to maintain themselves.

In

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

In order to keep as netr the present law as may be, he wished to adopt the plan fuggelted b the Stat. 9. Ged. I. so far as it authorifSs several parishes and places to unite in the expence of building or hiring houses, and appointing a governor for the better maintaining and employing their poor. But not that part of it which directs that they mall contract for their maintenance and their labour, as that power, when it has been exercised, has been in many instances much abused.

That many parishes have departed from the practice of farming out their poor by contract, and have united for - the purpose of maintaining and employing them at a common expence, under the direction of a governor, according to fries and agreements established among themselves, but having no legal authority to enforce them, they find much difficulty in proceeding j that he had prepared a hill on the plan of that of Stat. 9. Geo. I. and had introduced such provisions and regulations as he thought moil likely to afford relief to the poor, and prevent air extravagant and unneceffafy expences.

That to prevent the charge of new buildings, there would be opportunity, within the circle of a few parishes, which might think fit to unite, of taking some old mansion, or a few small houses or buildings, to be fitted up for the purpose at a moderate expence, if the objects arc confined to the class he had mentioned.

The second class, he proposed was to consist of infant children, and deserved particular attention. He had, in this bill, made no provision for them within the houses, but had directed - that they should be placed out with reputable people, and taken proper care of, under the inspection of the Visitor, till they should be of age to be put to service or ap prentice, and then placed out in that manner according to the present laws. As overseers of the poor, who were frequently chosen by rotation, and were sometimes very ignorant and improper persons for the office, he had introduced a clause in the bill, authorising the inhabitants to choose a person of credit and ability, who should be called a Guardian, and allowed a salary. If such a one was eletted, be was to have the care of the poor in every respect; but the churchwardens and overseers were to make the rates, collett the money, and pay it by order from the Guardian.

That the next class respected the idle apad disorderly, who were the moll expensive, and occasioned the greatest difficulty. Those persons were improper to be placed in a house with the others, a practice which, in his opinion, had been

a fatal

A. tjSi, [ DEBATES. i1 *

a fetal error in many of those establishments. The houfb of correction was the proper iituation for tl m; and in the bill prepared they were to be sent thither, to be kept to bard labour.

The bill was solely confined to the relief and employ - _ ment of the poor.

That the houses of correction, to which offenders were, by many act of Parliament to be sent, and there confined to hard labour, by way of punrshment and reformation, were in such a wretched state, that it was a mere mockery to fend them thither, as there were, in few of them, accommodations or apartments suited to the purpose. As an ioftance of the disregard of the laws in that respect, he took notice of the returns made to the House of Commons some years since, upon an inquiry into the state of those houses; by which it appeared, that in forty - six English and Welsh counties, which had made returns, there were 2731 persons com itted to the houses of correction in one year for hard labour; and that all the money earned by their labour amounted only to 126I. That it would be in vain to establish any alteration or reformation respecting the poor without regulating the houses of correction. That it would be proper to have a bill passed for that purpose, and also for enforcing the vagrant laws of the 17th of George II. and that these were provisions of very great importance much wanted; be therefore hoped the noble Lord, and every other member of that House, would give his belt support and assistance in

Sir George Tonge thought the statutes already in being were Sir G quite sufficient : a sufficient number of persons have already the power in their hands 5 and if they neglected it, he feared that to add to the number would prove rather detrimental than otherwise. On the whole he hoped the honourable gentleman would withdraw his motion, and bring it on, if it mult be maturely considered, next fession.

Mr. Gilbert said, he had no desire that the bill should be Mr. gone through this fession, but he wished to have it printed, that the House might form their minds upon it previous to their next meeting.

Agreed that the bill should be brought in *

23.

General Smith moved, that the report of the committee Gen. on the petition from the governor and council of Bengal should be read $ which having been done, the general recapitulated

PARLIAMENTARY A. ' 17 1.

pi tulated the many hardfoips" that the Ximendars or feudatory princes of India, together with the natives of that country, suffer d from having been subjected to the jurisdiction of an Englifo tribunal, and toEnglifo laws : he represented the eft a bJi foment of, that t tribunal, and the government by Englifo laws, as completely inconsistent with the customs, manners, and religiotis principles of the Indians; and heoce concluded, that it would be proper perhaps totally to abolifo the supreme court in India. However, he did not mean at present to go so far; be intended only to introduce such regulations as should make the court of judicature less odious, Tess oppressive to the Indians : they were daily harrafled by its furnmopfes; and the whole country were enemies to its jurisdi£Hon. Nay, the judges had carried their authority so far, even over the company itself, as to authorise the Tale of lands belonging to the company; thus taking on themselves to deter mine ' upon the right to the territorial acquisitions; a question upon which Parliament itself had never yet thought proper to give an opinion : the consequence of their ordering those land ? to be sold was, that the governor and council had been obliged to have recourse to arms to prevent the sale.

The consequences of this contest were too well known to require description. The country was in disorder. All law and regulation was at an end, and there appeared a mod dan - ' gcrous and extensive seene of anarchy and confufmn, which forcibly called for the immediate intervention of Parliament, by which peace and order might be restored as soon as possible. His object, for the present, was to frame a bill, and he moved for leave to bring one in to that effect, " to explain and amend so much of an act, passed in the 13th year of his present Majesty’s reign, for the better regulation of the India Company, as related to the administration of justice in Bengal; and also tp indemnify the governor and council of Bengal, for having refilled, by force of arms, the execution of an order of the supreme court of judicature in that kingdom. "

• Sutttft Sir Richard Sutton said, he did not mean to oppose the motion; but he could not resist the inclination that urged him to make some observations on what had fallen from the honourable gentleman. In the first place, ' the jurisdiction of the court never was extended, and it never was in the intention of the legislature or of the judges to extend it over the native Indians or feudatory princes of the country in general. The £1 of Parliament had clearly determined the limits of

v oosie

377

A - 1781. DEBATES.

the court’s jurisdi£Hon, by confinirtg it to the subje&S ' of Great - Britain, and such Indians as lived with them, and were in their service; but the authority of the provincial courts was by no means taken away; it still existed uncon trouled by the English judges; and a clear proof of this was. that no person whatsoever, except British subjects, and the Indians that lived with them, were obliged to commence any suit in the English court : it was indeed open to all; but no one was compelled, except as above excepted, to become a plaintiff in it; and the only thing the natives seemed to complain of was, that those against whom suits were insti tuted were forced to become defendants : nor did the judges make the laws of England the invariable rule of their con du&; they attended to the customs and usages of the country; and decided according to them when it was necessary.

Mr. Dempster was favourable to the bill moved for; but Mr he could not hear the judges mentioned, without giving them the tribute of applauie to which he thought they werejuftly intitled. It was observable, he said, that in all the petitions that had been presented against them, there was not even the shadow of a charge of corruption or pecculation to be found : in all parts of their judicial capacity their purity flood confessed from the silence of their accusers, who seemed not to want inclination to mention every head of accusation that could be brought. He wiftied not to establish the Englifti laws over the Indians; but he wiftied that all the appeals that lay from / the Indian courts to the governor and council might, in fu ture, be determinable by the judges, because he was convinced, that making the laws of England and the customs of the country their guides, as occassion and the nature of the case might require; their deciQons would be founded in justice, equity, and the strictest integrity.

The question was then put; and leave was given to bring in the bill.

Lord Nortf ) then moved, that the order of the day, for thei ^. Mrdh House to resolve itself into a committee of the whole House, to consider the affairs of India, might be read.

This motion being put and carried, his lordship moved that all the papers relative to the proceedings of the Genera ) court, in respect to thp renewal of the charter, then on the table, be referred to the consideration of the comihittee, and that the Speaker leave the chair.

Vof. III. ( Q c c Mr.

33 *

Mr. Ori. U. North.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1 ? 8n

Mr. Ord having taken his feat at the table.

Lord North said, it had been much his wish that an agreement for the renewal of the company’s charter should have been amicably made, and that voluntary proportions should have come from themselves, offering terms for the benefit of the ex elusive trade, and of the territorial acquisitions. Had this been the case, Parliament would have been able to adjust the bargain without much trouble.

He was. sorry to say the buf ness came before the committee In a very different ( hape, po petitions having been sent from the company, nor any agreement made; it was true a negotiation had taken place between him and the chairman, and deputy - chairnUn; but the proportions were not such as the public might expect or the Parliament accede to As they were on the table, he would not trouble the House With a detail of them at large. As an individual he was ready to agree to Tome of them; to others he could not, and he Would explain to the committee his reasons. The chairman, and deputy chairman in their conversions with him minuted ( down his fentimenrs, in ordir to state them to the general < court‘, and it appeared that they had come to certain proportions, which was to go to a ballot next day; but as he saw among, them one which he could not accede to, and which in his opinion ought not to be admitted by the legifla - ture, he thought it right, previous to the ballot’s being held, to Albmit his reasons to the committee against that proportion, and to move a resolution upon it, which ( if the coni tiiitree agree with him in its propriety ) would at once convince the company, what the public ' opinion was upon a point In which their interest was very deeply involved. The first matter adjusted by him on the part of the public was, to agree to grant a renewal of the company’s charter, with out paying any fine; he agreed to this, because, under the present circumstances of the company, he thought the pub lie ought to renew it. Without expecting a great ’ deal of money as the purchase. The proportion which the company meant among others to ballot for, and of which he wholly idifapproved, was the following : 1

44 That all the East - India Company ! present charter - rights and privileges shall be preserved to them ’ entire, so far is is confident with the rights of the Crown; that the exclusivettrade be prolonged for the term of ten years, to be Reckoned from the ift day of March, 1781; befiaes the three years notice to be given according to the ad of the 17th of George II. and that in order to the utmost of their power to 1 t. .. .. .. .. .. ... " ~ alleviate

A. 1781

DEBASES;

alleviate ( so far as the company’s ability would reach ) the public burthen, the directors are empowered to pay into his Majesty’s Exchequer any sum not exceeding 6oo, ooqL on condition of receiving in return, bills on his Majesty ' s Exchequer, which in case of any unexpected exigencies on the part of the company, the commissioners of the custonts and excise should receive as cash, for payment of the Company’s accruing duties, such bills not to bear interest, or to be brought to market like other bills.

This proposition was liable to various objections, but hid principal one was this; it virtually put an end to the clainl of the public to the company ' s territorial possessions, by assuruing that no money was due to the public from the company, and by offering to lend the public upon Exchequer billd that very 6oo, ooool. which he had always been of opinion the public had an indisputable right to, on the authority of two tefoiutions come to by the House of Commons on the 23d of April, 1773. In these resolutions it was expressly declared to be the ienie of the House, that the public had a right to three - fourths of the surplus of the profits of the Company, after the Company had divided 8 per cent, on their capital stockl With regard to tjfc territorial acquisitions, his lordship said that he had not the smallest doubt, and indeed men more cunverfant with law than he, were clearly of opinion, that the public had a right to all territorial acquisitions made by private subject; how far it might be proper to let the revenue of these territorial acquisitions remain in the receipt of the company was quite another question. He~ undoubtedly thought it would be wife to leave the revenue in their hands as long as they held the exclusive trade, because the one was connected and blended with the other, but as to foregoing the dbim of the public that he never would. In wording the proposition which he had just read, he observed the company used the terms u As far as is confident with the rights. of the Crown, 1 and had left out the words " and legislature. " To this he had no manner of objection because undoubted ! y the fights of the Crown implied the rights of the people, rht Grown in that sense meaning merely the executive branch of government. That part of the proposition for which the company offered to lend the public 6oo, Obol; was a tender which it was impossible to accept for. various ea - ftns. Although the company, as individuals, had offered to lend money upon these conditions the offer could not be accepted; for besides that the offer to lend the money, implied t denial of the right of the public to data it, the terms of it C c c a msf

P Alt LI AM. E NTARY A. 1781,

were such as put it out of the power of the public, though their exigencies were never so great, and had they no claim whatever upon the company to receive the loan.. The condition Was, that the company should on payment of 6oo ocoL into the Exchequer, received in return bills on the Exchequer, which the commissioners of the excise and customs were to receive as cash whenever the company was distressed. This would be putting his Majesty’s Exchequer into the power of the East - India company. Exchequer bills never, were of the nature stated to be granted to the company in this proportion, but always were drawn for a time certain, -

? 5nerally a year, under the idea that before they came due, ' arliament would fit and provide for the payment against the : day. If such bills as the company requested in their proportion were issued, viz. bills payable on demand, and which - rpight be sent in when the company thought proper, it would be in their power to embarrass the public treasury greatly, for although in the consideration of so large an. expenditure as ( unfortunately for this country ) our yearly expences pre fently amounted to, 600, ooool. was but a small sum; yet as. the company would have it in their power to pay them in when they chose, it might so happen that they might all bp paid at the Custom - house and Excise - oflice in one week, and by Saturday they would naturally find their way to the Exchequer. lTie consequence of this would be, that 6oo, ooooL coming upon the Exchequer all at once, it might happen just at the time when money was wanted to pay his Majesty’s fleets and armies; and thus the public service would be flopped as well as the public creditor injured. For this reason his lordship declared he never would accede to the proportion, even had it come forward under different circumstances, and had the public had no claim upon the company. A claim they undoubtedly had, and in order to assist it, he meant to move it as a resolution. But gentlemen said, " Why assert the claim now, the company’s affairs abroad are in great un «. certainty, great confusion, their cash is low, their debts large, many bills will be drawn upon them, do not do it in toe hour of their distress ! " In answer to this, he must once for all. declare, that he thought the interest of the India company, and the interest of the public one and the lame thing. The - welfare and prosperity of the company and the preservatkm - of the territorial acquisitions in India were objects of great national concern; whenever the company should be distrdOed, ' and should stand in need of assistance, the public must givo it. Should the company’s cash fail them, and they flioukf : 1 want

A. 178U DEBATES.

Wapt money for real public uses, ( and when he said this, he begged to be understood as alluding to a public necessity only, ) in that case the House ought to vote money equal to the necessity of the company, let that necessity oe what it might. He should hold it as his duty, so long as the resources of this country were such as would by any means afford it, whenever the India company were really in distress, to move that it be immediately assisted, let the lum wanted be one hundred thousand pounds, five hundred thousand, a million, or whatever it would. But feeling as he did with regard to the mutual interest of the company and the public, he was nevertheless convinced that this was the proper time to make an agreement with the company for the renewal 6f their charter, and to establish the claim of the public for the 6oo, eool. by infilling on the payment of that sum, and that for these reasons : the claim had been suspended for two years in consequence of the short bills, he was afraid that by keeping it back much longer it might be successfully disputed. The money had been now due to the public ever since the year 1778 and it was very clear which way they inclined. The common interest of the public and the company rendered it highly necessary that the company should hold over no longer by yearly bills, but that their affairs should be put upon flame footing by an agreement for a length of time. Such an agreement was much wanted, and would have a great and good efiedl on their affairs in India, in the prosperity of which, as he had before stated, the public were materially interested, and therefore, whether the company were willing or not, it behoved the public to take care of themselves; and since two years had elapsed without the company ' s petitioning that Hoofe for a renewal of their charter, it became the duty of government to interfere on behalf of the public, and to nave the matter settled. The claim of 6oo, ooool. was a fair one, and the public had a tight to the money. Besides, the very arguments advanced against it told, in his mind the other way; for they were, that the money ought to lay in the company’s treasury for the purpose of answering the bills that were expected from India, and in order that they might be able to divide 8 per cent, when their profits might not otherwise enable them to do so; neither of these matters, his lordship said, were fairobjects for the application of the money, for it was that overflow of the bills from India that had nearly ruined the company in 1773, when the legislature against the will of the company, and notwithstanding the getitiop font to that House against it, passed a bill, autho -

xifing

i PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

rising a loan from the public to the company, and putting the company’s affairs under certain regulations and redridUons, in conference of which their credit had been redored, and, their affairs had taken a raoft prosperous and flourishing turifi; With regard to future dividends they were totally out of the quedion; the public’s claim having arisen in consequence of the dividends of 8 per cent, already made, every year since ' the company’s bond - debt had been reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds. Nor was his lordship willing to admit that either of these were the fit objects for that House ever to take up as grounds to proceed upon, and vote assistance to the company. After arguing the claim of the public very strenuoully on a great variety of grounds, his lordshipr moved, that the two resolutions come to by the House of Commons on the 23d of April, 1773, might he read, as Eke - wife the titles of the act of 1774, and of the two yearly acts of 1779 and 1780; which having been done, he moved a resolution to the following purport,

" That it is the opinion of this committee, that three - fourths of the surplus of the net profits of the Ead - Indfx company, ever since the company’s bond - debt was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, and the company’s dividends have been 8 per, belong to

the public, and that six hundred thousand pounds in nett thereof, and in discharge of all claims on the part of the pute lie, be paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer by indallments, in such manner, and at such times, as mall be agreed on. *

Mr. Hujfey rose to oppose this motion. He reprobated the idea of taking 600, 000 !. of the company under its present circumstances, and assigned a variety of reasons for preferring the loan tendered by the company. He produced and read to the committee, a motion that he had made at the India houfij, in the lad court, which was somewhat similar to that ob - jested to by the noble lord, but which the court had not thought it right to adopt. He afterward produced a paper full of arithmetical calculations which he read to the House, and dated to be correct computations of the amount of the company’s exports and imports, the expences of their trade at home, and the balance of profit of each year, for ma years pad, distinguishing the commercial from the territorial expences and incomes. From these computations and flatten ments, Mr. Hufley shewed that the commercial and terrifaf rial revenues of the Ead - India company had, upon an atfli - ' rage of sixteen years successively, condituted together. a fUffiT equivalent to a proportion of uxteen per cent. Thkt nine

r *

Arifiii

DEBATES *

per cent, of this had arisen ftom the commercial profits accruing to the company, and therefore that there had not been 8 per cent, divided upon that part of the profits, to which the public had any claim or pretension. Mr. Hufley contended farther, that the estimate of the expences to be deduced from the commercial profits, ought to be formed from what they had been before the acquisition of territory, and not afterwards; which would make a difference in the fund of the company of upwards of 5, 000, ooool. within sixteen years. They ought not to be taken at any period since that time; because the accession of the territorial possessions brought with them additional expences, which not being necessary to the trade alone ought to be dedu&ed from the profits. He entirely reprobated the opinion which had been expressed by Lord North, that the company intended to dispute the right of the public to the 6oo, ooool. in question. With regard to what the noble lord had said, respecting the Exchequer bills, it was all ad captandum; the noble lord well knew that the directors of the, East - India company would never ( offer the Exchequer bills to be paid in without giving government timely notice. As to the right of the public, perhaps it was better not to urge it at present, as it bad been thought better not to urge it hitherto. Mr. Hufley said, his opinion was well known to be this : that the company should always make it a rule to give as ample and full relief to the public burthens as their situation would allow; and if they did this, he saw no reason why the noble lord should expect more. He ought not, by the strong hand of power, force from them what they did not themselves think they could, under their present circumstances, spare or afford, and what ait $he fame time they might think they had no right to pay.

He also said, that the public had received a very large share of the company’s profits, eaual to 4I. 10s. per centum on their capital, while the stock - holders scarcely had received 4s. 6d. per centum upon it.

• The Secretary at War supported the motion, and said, he The W *. was convinced of the propriety of the committee coming to tay mtiVmr. such a resolution, previous to the general court proceeding to ballot for a proposition, which on the very face of it not only denied the claim of the public, but in the very words of 1t tendered a loan of the money upon terms which, as the noble lord bad clearly and very properly explained to the cooimittee, could not be acceded. That offer undoubtedly implied an opinion on the part of the company that the roots their own, and did not belong of right to the public

if

3 4

PARLIAMENTARY A. ' 178 *.

if therefore the public agreed to that propbfiHon, they adopted the opinion of the company and forewent their claim altogether, since they would be myt out for the future from ever making it. Mr. Secretary turned to the wording of the act of 1774, and of the yearly bill which expressly stated, that the public only suspended their claims as to the territorial acqui fit ions, and the revenue resulting therefrom for a time, thinking it wiser to let the company hold them for commercial purposes, meaning to participate in the profits of the various objects of trade, &c. carried on by the company. But die claim now made by the public was fair. It was founded indeed only upon a resolution of the House, and not an act of Parliament; but the company had subscribed to the validity of that resolution, and by making a dividend of 8 per cent, had acknowledged the claim of the public, llr. Dmp - Mr. Dempster warned the committee how they proceeded in a matter that went to affect the chartered rights of the company, and reminded them of the consequence of violating the charter of Massachusett’s - Bay and various others. We had Certainly fufFered enough by the violation of charters. It had brought us into our present difficulties, and had armed Europe against us. He said, that to tear from the company by force what was not stipulated for in any act of Parliament, would be a breach of public faith that would disgrace the nation, and damp the spirit of enterprise and adventure, which had been productive of such happy effects. It was to that spirit that we owed the territorial acquisitions of the India company, and all the immense benefits that had accrued to the revenue of this country in consequence thereof. He reprobated the positions laid down by Lord North in regard to the Exchequer hills, and said, the directors never would be guilty of such an act of injustice as to fuller those bilk to come upon the public unawares and of a sudden. The matter might he settled upon better terms between the noble lord in the blue rihbond and the court of directors. They meant the utmost fairness. He was ready to say that they were as much attached to the service of their country as any trading company in the kingdom, and they had offered terms to which in his mind the public ought to agree. But they could not acquiesce in a claim which they considered as a violation of their charter. And for what purpose was this violation made ? what end was it to gain ? Nothing, a shir dow; for trie difference between the minifrer and the company was of the mofl trifling nature in the world. He was willing to lead them money if they were \ they were willing

tQ

A. 1781, DEBATE;

to pay him his demands, if he would subject himself to an obligation of carrying this promil ' e into execution, namely, of leading them money, should their circumstances. require it; onfall they disagreed about was as to the mode by which $he subsequent loaji was to be granted. He intreated the noble. lord then not to quarrel with the company on a point in which they were so nearly agreed. This was not a moment in which it was proper for the company and the public to be at variance even for a day, and it lurely was wiser in the minister to depart a little from a rigid claim, than by urging it, inflame the minds of so large a body of his. Majesty’s subjects. The question of the right to the territorial acquisitions ought certainly to be suspended by earnest, as it had been so before. In some future moment, when their investigation of the subjectl was not interrupted by external attacks, the public and the company might meet on fair, sober, and friendly grounds, and clilcufs the matter with moderation and candour. But surely every gentleman, mull be tonwiljing to fee it. made a matter of dispute during the raging of a 019ft dangerous war, when unanimity ivas To necessary to exertion, and when, instead of variance, we had need of all spirit and of all the strengtfi which the nation possessed. There was one thing however which, if the question was to be agitated, he hoped would be considered; that the company had fought to acquire those territories under the faith of their charters, and that they had incurred great expence in the conquests;

SirjQrfy Cooper said, that much of the last gentleman’s ar - sir guments, as well as those of Mr. Hufley, were irrelative to the motion, and did not go to the question now in issue, but to the right of the public to the ' territorial acquisitions in India, a matster that was not then under the con fide 1 at ion of the committee; whenever that right was made the subject of difeuflipn ', what the honourable gentleman who spoke last : hadfai < h might be very proper to be considered and debated.

At prefertti the motion had no referereilce to n; the motion. Was to estabjifh a claim to three - fourths of the surplus of the company’s piofits after they had reduced their "bond - debt to one million five hundred thousand pounds, and had made yearly dividends of 8 per cent. With regard to the right of the Crqwn, as the executive. branch of the government, to the teriitorial acquisitions in India, that lud not been foregone on any occasion, hut only the exercise of it had been fiifpended, from an idea, that it would be better both for the public and the company to let the latter hold those acquisi -

Vol. 11£ " D d d - tions

PARLIAMENTARY A. 7 1.

tiorrt fof the purposes of trade and commerce, during the time of their agreements for a renewal of their charter. That it was wife and proper to suspend that claim still longer, and tt make an agreement with the company for a renewal of their charter at that time, he was most clearly of opinion, and m hi mind, the arguments relative to the present Groat ion of the company’s affairs, and of their being distressed, and likely to be ft ill more so, did not weigh at all the scale of objection; the public were bound to support the company, and must for their own fakes assist it whenever it was in real distref therefore neither of the pofttions which gentlemen had said so much stress upon, in his idea altered or lessened the propreity, not to say the necessity, of the public ’ bringing the company to some agreement; if they did not, it was dear the company would not offer any terms, but would be glad, he did not doubt, to continue holding over year after year, without any new conditions being imposed on them. Sir Grey said, the two yearly bills had been carefully watched, word by word, in the penning of them, by the company ' s counsel, then a member of that House, had taken especial care thar the right to the territorial acquisitions should not be aHiimed in either bill, but that the questiorv should be merely suspended, and the agitation of it foregone in each. To accede therefore now to the proportion - of the company, to which the noble lord had obie&ed, would be to act the very contrary part to what had been acted by the company with regard to the yearly bills, and to give up the right on the part of the public altogether. Sir Grey also said a word or two m reply to Mr. Dempster’s argument about the issuing of the Exchequer bills bfeing left to be settled between Lord Norths and the India directors, declaring that it was the duty of the legislature not to leave so important a matter to be settled by private individuals, be they whom they would.

General Smith said, the present was the most important question that had ever been agitated within those walls; ir was perfectly new to the committee, and it ought to be dif - enfled with the most serious attention. He stated the different ideas of terms, for a renewal of the company’s charter that had at different times been entertained. He nad himfehf been employed at one time to adjust proportions with the noble lord in the blue ribbon; and he reconciled, that one of the conditions then talked of was, first, the payment and afterwards the loan of a million of money at two per cent roterest. That had gone off, and now the noble lord, seeing the state v > f the company’s affairs, was willing to renew foe 4 ‘ ~ ~ com -

A. if

DEBATES.

company’s charter without mfifting on any fine. He wrshed the ( kmc reasons, that had operated in the noble lord’s mind to forego a fine had also prevailed on him to forego a claim, which bad no foundation in justice, and the insisting upon. which would materially injure the company. He did allure be noble lord the state of the company ' s affairs was much altered£ace the year 1778; they could better have afforded to have given a million of money then for the renewal of their charter than they could afford to give 6oo, ooool. now,

4 et the noble lord consider how much all£aft - India property had suffered of late. He could speak of it with great truth, for his flock had suffered almost, he might say, one hundred per cent, upon die whole of it. The General spoke of the wiflies of the company to keep on good terms with go vernraeot, and laid they had taken infinite pains to hit upon inch proportions as they imagined would not be objected to He begged the noble lord to point out what alterations lie wished for, and they would endeavour to shape them accordingly If government took the 60c, cool, the next year the company mull borrow money to go on with He conjured the noble lord therefore to withdraw his motion, and to make an amicable agreement with the company, whole profits in point of commerce, and whose profits in point of territorial revenue, he declared it was impossible to ascertain separately and distinfUy, the one was so materially blended and connected with the other At the same time he declared that in his mind the claim was violent and ill - founded A rofoiutioa of that House which had never been followed up,

OH which no aft had passed, which alone could give fane - tion to the authority claimed by the noble lord, war and ought to be of no validity *

Mr *. Burke made a very animated and eloquent speech Mr. against the motion. He observed, that all that had been said ip support of the motion was merely the fame ground of argument taken up by the noble lord at first, with some little amplification. He should therefore, in replying fco the ( 0£pJe lord, reply to what other gentlemen had said. The €hi < £ of the noble lord ' s argument against the proportion of was this s he would not accede to the propofi /ito becaute the company did not admit that the public had upon tbW; so that the argument cut double, like a fcWprOdged sword; for it must either be solved thus, If yon. admit J&e claim of the public, I call upon you ia behdf of your creditors to pay their just dues or thus, " If you

Odd 2 do

i

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

do not admit the claim, ’ why then I will take that by fared which you deny that 1 ought to receive as a right. Most admirable reasoning ! The noble lord will neither beg, bpr row, nor receive, as a due; but he will have it ' hdvCrtheless, and seize upon that by rapine ' and plunder to which he has no title, and Cannot justify his receiving in any way. If thecom pany should ( ay to the minister in direct terms, u Sir, you have no right to this 600, cool, you attempt ' to exact froth vs; " then to be sure. his lordship would come down to Parli - lament, and pronounce them the mod impudent violators of old agreements that ever were heayd of ;, but if they do ' not express ( hcmselves in this manner, if they ( say ’ nothing upon the subject, as in the actual inftnnce at present, wli ' y tncti how does the minister conduct himself ? he fays, notwithstanding these men arc hlent, I very well understand their 5ntenti6n ? and am sure, notwithstanding their taciturnity, they mean to contend that the public have no right to the sum claimed; and therefore, being certain that this is the case, I will make sure of the money and seize it by main force. ’ So that whether the poor proprietors speak or not, it makes no matter, ' the effect is the farne, with this little difference only, that in the one indance they niight deserve the treatment ' they received; in the other it was replete with unprovoked cruelty and injustice. He said, it was a continuation of that mode of rcafohing that had prevailed in the lad Parliament, and ’ had rendered it odious and infamous. The minider had talked in the fame ( lile again and again, and the consequence xvas, our present miserable and degraded iiituation. It was his old parliamentary language, and had ruined this Country. The Secretary at War’s doctrine wai, he said, a copntpr part of the fame reasoning. He termed jlhe regulations, established by the act of 1774, a design to obtain money under a pretence of establishing a political reform; and new, he laid, the noble lord wanted to take away their trade, as he had formerly taken away their patronage and their purse. ‘ Eundem nc~ctiate He

had better carry all the business of Leadenhall - street at once, and transact it at the board of treasury. His reasoning,

. to justify ‘ the ’ violence and the force he was pfaftifing, be pronounced fhnmcfully pitiful. The reasoning of the lion ' in the fable was less censurable—" This I fetze, lays the liqn, because I have got teeth; this, because 1 wear a mane on my neck; this, because I have claws; and this last morfei, ' hot ’ because I have either truth, reafop, or justiceto suppoyt * v me

A. ii u DEBATES,

roc and jiiftify my taking it, butbecause I am a lion. 1 ’ ' With regard to what Lord North had said about the possibility, it the propositions were acceded to, of 6oo, ooool. worth of bills coming upon the Exchequer, just when the King’s fleets and armies were to be paid, it was, he said neither more nor left than an explicit coofeflion that the noble Lord had squan - dered every shilling of the immense supplies that had been voted for the service of the year, and that he was obliged to practice extortion, and force 6oo, 6col. from the East - Iqdil company, in order - to enable himself to pay the King’s fleets 2nd armies. The House had expressed great satisfaction at a pajrt of Lord North’s speech : the honourable gentleipaii said It was the shouts of the House, and of majorities at tho appeals to the passions artfully made by the noble lord, that had ever been constant fore - runners of some great national evil. No one step of the minister that led to disgrace, defeat, and ruin ? but had been preceded by shouts and applause within those walls. In reply to the praise beffowed on the secret committees, that fat on India affairs in 177a, he said, their reports were the cursed Pandora’s box, whence fprunjj out that dreadful calamity, the American war. To those reports were the worst of evils afcribeable that had befallen this country for many, many years ! He said the present potion was the daring effort of a minister ejetermined on pine apd plunder, witfiqut regard to truth, honour, or justice : a violent and fhanaeless attempt to rob the company, ja order to pursue the purposes of the most Javifh waste and the most profligate corruption. The noble lord might truly be said to be alieni appetem, fui frtfufus. He conjured thd committee pot to join the noble lord and his adherents, say ing, " Let us not deduce European supplies from Afiat# rapacity. Let us shew, ourselves awake, to the calls of rest ? ion and alive to the impulse of equity He concluded with saying, that he was sure, notwithstanding his endear voors, and those of every friend to justice, to prevopt th& motion from being agreed to, that such would be its. fatcj yet in discharge of his duty he would move an amendment He therefore moved, that the following words be added t$ the motion : " No grounds having been laid before the committee, on which the right of the public to a participation of the territorial revenue of the company ace founded orj if they have such right, no grounds to mew that they ha a right to this particular proportion of the prqfits. ",

■ ' / v ' ‘ - >

V

a&a

Lord J

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

TKe Lord Advocate rose in answer to Mr. Burks .; He ob -

served, that it was a matter of some difficulty to determine what line of argument Jto pursue in this aueftion; for gentlemen ©n the other fule had differed exceedingly in the portions Upon which they reasoned : some admitting that the property in question was the right of the public, while others Are - puovtfly maintained the contrary ;, it was necessary, therefore, to meet the former on the ground of expediency, and the latter on that of justice; he should, however, attempt, as concisely as poflihlc an answer to both, and give his warm hegative to the amendment, which, in his conception, contained averments contrary to facts; the arguments bad been contradictory and irreconcileable, so that he knew not well hoty to direct hiS teply. The honourable gentleman who spoke lafi had furnished him with one very good support, in averting the right of the public to a participation of the company’s territorial revenues, for be had informed the House that the fast Parliament warmly maintained the fame opinion; that they had echoed it repeatedly with shouts of applause. From this it would at least appear that another honourable gentleman was mistaken, when he asserted that the claim was a Hew one. If he Was to determine which of the two gentle - then were in the right, he should be inclined to take part with the honourable gentleman who spoke last, and to suppose his noble friend in the blue ribbon had advanced no r doctrines, and that he had held no new language, hut talked in an old parliamentary manner, for what bad tBclfto - fele lord Aood up in defence of ? the right of the public a

latm agitated before in Parliament, originating in - two ’ « - foltotioiw in the House of Commons, recognised in full fotm upon the Journals; and considered by every man, convert I the interest, tonfcedtion, and analogy or the public; with the East India company, as a claim perfectly fair, perfedUy just, and as a claim which the public had a right to infiA whenever the public thought proper so to do. Tire amendment fbpDofed that this claim of participation hacLnever been establisheri; but in contradiction of that he need only refer to the feveBal agreements formerly made between the company and Parliament, by every one of which it would appear that w rigba of the public had been claimed on the one side, and admitted on the other; for the company therein agreed to pay at poe time 400, 0001. at another a certain proportion of tfcie nqg profits, in doing which they plainly recognised the justice of the demand made on the part Of the public. By the last of thdfo agreements they expressly contracted to allow three -

four lha

A. i y&t 1 ) £ B A. 1 E 8

fourths of the net profits, after a dividend of eight per cent, and it was expressly upon this suppeficion that the prefeot dauB for 6oo, « ool. was built; furelythen the House could never content to declare that the point of right was not established. His lordship next adverted to Mr. Hufley’s calculations; that gentleman had endeavoured to prove that the commercial dividend should be nine per cent. by afierting that every additional expence, incurred by the company for thp ( upport of their Asiatic interests of late years, mould be deduced from the produce of the territorial revenue, though he was folly convinced that the honourable gentleman on no occasion, neither in that House nor without it, meant to deceive, yet he mud declare that a fallacy run. through the whole of his arguments grounded upon those calculations, which deftnoyed their effect, and rendered them totally improper Ur be relied on for a moment. The honourable gentleman had grounded every one of those calculations on a proportion which he never would admit, and which, he was ( atisfied, was not to be fopported; viz. that it was pof - Able so to Separate the commercial and the territorial expenses of die company as to be able to ascertain the quantum of each, with a sufficient degree of exaChiefs to be able to take any fcch calculations as grounds of argument and reasoning that could be relied on, or could warrant any deductions whatever. Besides it could not be supposed that during the £referit posture of affairs, when the kingdom was engaged in wan both in Asia and Europe, the expence even of defending the fc£torie and commercial settlements of the company could he so moderate as in times of profound peace.

With respeCk to the plea of inability that had been urged, he perfectFy agreed with the noble lord who moved this refo - limon, that every a&stance should be given by the public lo the company; for their interests. were closely interwoven togemer, and perhaps, in the prefen t ft ate of affairs, this kingdom had not a better resource than in her East - India settlements; [ but a very proper distin&ron had been drawn here between real necessities and those that were merely imaginary; the company had been almost ruined at a former period liy the improper drawing of bills from India; that was merely a matter of private convenience, for the remittance of those enormous fortunes that have been amassed m die country; and were intelligence to go by the next fleet, that fioO, ooool. was left by Parliament in the company’s coffers to attfwer such bills as might come over, it would draw an foundation of bills, and the Asiatic plunderers would no doubt

seize

PARLIAMENTARY Am

seize the occasioni With avidity; but this was no. public con ' -. vehience; on the contrary, it was mere definable thatobflades should be throWn in the way of remitting their fbrtunea, Which perhaps had better never been acquired, or at any rate never brought from that Country.,

The honourable gentleman who spoke last but one had told the committee, and he believed with great truth, that die Commercial and territorial matters of expence and profit were so materially blended and coraie&ed that it was im - possible for the company themselves, to separate them with sufficient clearness and sufficient accuracy to define which was which, or to give even a tolerible guess at the real fliate and amount of each. All arguments therefore built on such a bads must necessarily fall to the ground. He next adverted to Mr. Burke’s argument, and said, notwithstanding the rapine, plunder, injustice, and other hard words, which the honourable gentleman had applied to the present motion, and the noble mover of it, he trufled the committee would judge for themselves, would consider coolly and candidly of the noble Ic/rd’s motives, and would act in such a manner as the ? thought his conduct deserved. With regard to the right of the public to the territorial acquisitions he had, he said, qaa - fidered the subject very deeply, he had often thought upon it with great seriousness, and he had not a doubt as to the right; but, if he had enter tamed the fmalieft doubt, it would have been entirely removed by the very great authorities which had, in the most express terms, delivered decided opinions in favour of the public; the authorities to which he alluded, were fliofe of the present Lord Camden and tire late Mr. Yotk; men as able and as capable of advising as any men that had ever lived in any period ! We have not time to follow hisiord - ship farther in his speech; which was as usual extremely able, manly, and convincing. l/lr Grfgorj. Mr. Gregory followed, and differed from several of his friends. He thought the noble lord right in coming to an immediate agreement with the company, and wished he had taken that ' method and settled the bargain two years ago He said the company deserved great praise for having extended their territorial acquisitions. The public reaped very considerable benefits in consequence of it; but the claim bqw made by the noble lord was in his opinion perfe£Uy unfup - ported, and it was altogether new. The company had heard

nothing of it; and now he feared that the claims so made and agitated would be particularly severe on the company They tyould be out of cash in about three months; in October

C.

A t ? 8i « r 0 E B A T E S; 3 3

they be in tafh again. He feared, that taking 6oo, oo61 ;

might be of ill consequence to the company’s interests if taken

now.

Mr, Dmpflermade a reply to the lord - 1 advocate, and be - Mr -

Sit with aofwering something which the learned lard had *, relative to the company’s being forced by their charter to have factories in India, and to defend those factories. He ptofcfifed his concurrence in the; learned lord’s opinion, as to the question of right, but denied the possibility of enforcing the present claim, without detriment ' to the company; and to ' shew that this mud be the consequence, he went pretty largely into the present podure of their affairs. He observea that his lordship was mistaken in dating the lad agreement between the company and die public; for in the a « of Parliament there was nb such eland as his lordship had mentioned; the participation of net profits alluded to was only ' contained in iome resolutions of a committee, which were never reduced into a law, nor brought into any dage of parliamentary difetrffiori, in which they could be opposed by petition, Conseqoently it was unfair to say the company had acqttiefced in, or recognised diem. The learned lord had foreseen ill consequences from the drawing of bills by Asiatic plunderers, if there were any funds In Leadenh&ll - street to JftrfwePthem; but the evil would be dill greater if the noble ford in the Hue ribbon should carry his measures into ex - - Coition, for they would then be left to draw on tKe treaftiry; now the 600/000I. was a mere trifle among these gentlemen, three or four of them cduld draw it in a morning, 1 but the tWaftfry funds were deeper, and consequently the bills blight fc& ' more numerous *

: Tie laid the resignation of the Manillas to the company, when captured lad war by Sir William Draper, and the Country round Madras fthe revenue of which amounted to Ibme hundred thousand pounds ) when conquered By the lung ' s troops under the command of Sir Eyre Codtej hi con - test with the troops of the company, were proofs of a gene - til opinion having prevailed, that the Crown did not think flat the company were entitled to the territorial acquisition Slid their revenues as. chartered rights. He advised the trying the question in a court of la\V. He said the company, and rartiarnent were both parties in the cause, arid therefore it W& mod unconditional in that House to undertake to de - ifiSt which had the ridit. The courts of law were all open, Vol. lit £ec and

v oosie

394

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

and could determine the matter in as little time as it would cod Parliament to adjust the bargain.

Mr. Hu/Tey, Mr. HuJJey also said a few words in answer to what the lord J advocate had said against the ’ calculations dated by him, in which he said that he had made allowance for the difference of expence that would have been required now for the maintenance of the commerce independent of the territorial pof - sessions. He likewise asserted, that the public had received two millions from the company, exclusive of the indemnity on tea.

Mr. Burk *. Mr. Burke declared, that he would only trespass on the House for a few. minutes. He was so unfortunate, he said, as to disagree with his honourable friend, who spoke lad, in more ' points than one, for he not only held that the company’s territorial acquisitions belonged entirely to themselves, but with. respect to the bills so much talked of, really believed they Would he drawn with more alacrity on the 600, cool, than on the Exchequer; ' there ’ was not, in his idea, a fingie Asiatic plunderer who did not know the noble lord in the blue ribbon better than tn think of drawing on any fund in his disposal for a single dulling; for his lord ship was so hotori - ously lavish that he took care to k$ep his cqffers empty; and he would venture to predial, that if this money came into his hands, it would not remain there time enough to answer a single draft; this, indeed,. his lordship had already avowed, by saying, that it was allotted for the support of our fleets and armies. It was, howevar, no ways surprising that the noble lord should have such. a peculiar faculty of diiburfing large Turns; for, if his own diligence was not enectual, he had such capable and numerous aifidants among the contfa&ors; pensioners, &c. &c. that nothing was difficult; as for the poor 6oo, ooool. it would be gone in a moment.

He then replied to several leading arguments of the lord advocate with great warmth, and censured his lordship for appealing to the passions of the House, by the term Asiatic plunderers. He otyerved, that in reasoning on the policy and justice of the resolution proposed, be applied himself rather to the uneferstanding than the feelings of the House; but to talk of Asiatic plunderers, for the pufoofe that. the noble lord had adopted the phrase, was clearly a fit of oratory; which, though he paid as much homage to the talent as any man, be could not admit of it on this occasion. Surely it was requisite to have some means of makingremittances from India; and as the two former channels ofFrance and Holland were now flxut up, there was no. possible way of fending home property

X; iy8n DEBATES. 39s

but that which the noble lord wished to prevent. The present posture of affairs in India was very tremendous, he would not say desperate : God forbid ! But when it was considered that thfe. treasury at Madras was exhausted, and a destroying enemy wafting the country round it, bow was it pdlRble fot re four ccs to W obtained if bilJ$ were not to be drawn upon the company ? With r£spe& to the general question, he pro - felled evei y possible degree of respe < 5 for the great authorities quoted by the learned Jotd, but he knew crown - lawyers too well to trrnft jn their opinions between the Crown and fub - jt&s; notwithstanding therefore this, and all the other argu menu adduced to - night, he mutt persist in his amendment; ' and though h# would not teife when he could not convince

( hpuld certainly move it again on the report, or, in some other stanc of the business, where itjmight J > e entered on the Jour - oafs of the House.

The Lord Advocate said a few words in reply, principally to lari Adv retort on Mr. Burke the charge. 6f moving the pactions; and ca/e ' be fa}d the honourable gentleman had been so very, fortunate oh that acc&fation act to exhibit, in his own oratory, while hb made the tharge, all the passion and the heat of which he complained, thereby impressing on the House a proper sense of the fttbyea.

The House now divided on the amendment *

Ayes, 52; Noes, 151.

The original question Was then agreed to v Map24. 1

Mr Ord ' brought up the report from the last night’s com - Mr. OrL toittee; upon which Mr. Dempster rose and said, that as he considered the proceedings of the committee a violation of the cooftitution, and effectually plucking up the faith of Parliament by the roots, he did not mfean to debate the business over again, but he was determined again to take the sense of the House upon the subject. On & division, the numbers were.

For agreeing with the report, 49

• « Against it, 16

Mr. Dempster took an opportunity of stating to the House, Mr. Dmp~

that a bill had been brought in, and read a first time, for ex ftr empting from duty an article described by the name of foul

salt, intended for the purpose of manuring land, and from which an alkaline salt could be extracted in large quantities.

The honourable gentleman acquainted the House with the motives that had led to the introduction of the bill, and said, it had been received and countenanced on the principle of encouraging the perfopf who had made a discovery of the ufps

E e e 2 to

g9& PARLIAMENTARY. A. i ? 8i\

to which this foul salt could be applied. With refjse& to tho bcenfits to be derived therefrom, they were, in hid opinion, tx - ircmely great, and such as well entitled the bill to the attenv ( ion of the House. What the honourable gentleman pfinciv pally rose for was, to move, that the bill mould be made to extend to Scotland, and not be merely confined to England.

In the year 1765, when an act passed tefpe£Hng alkali lies, the provinons thereof went to Scotland, as well at this coon - try, and all he wished was, to hive both kingdoms put upon an equal footing with respe£k to the exempting thilf fbtil iak from all duty. The honourable gentleman laid, the discovery Of this article would save us a prodigious sum every year, ms it would render the importation of alkaline salt from Spain ill a~great degree uhneceflary. Upon the whole; Mr. Demp - iler begged to move, that the bill for exempting foul ialt from duty, be also made to extend to that part of Great v - ‘ Britain called Scotland. "

Sir Gargi Sir George Tange allowed that the bill in the year 1765 went ™ic - to Scotland in the provisions it contained as well ' as England, but he apprehended that the present bill differed very widely from it, both in principle and reafom What wat the present case ? A discovery had been made, that fqui salt could be rendered highly useful in the manuring of land, and also yfeld an alkaline salt equal to the best imported. As am encouragement for the discovery, the House had admitted a bill to be brought in for exempting this article from duty, but had confined it wholly to England. The honourable gentleman fMr. Dempster ) remarking this, had moved, ' that it should also be made to extend to Scotland. But what right had Scotland to partake of the benefit to be derived from. the bill ? Were there any persons in Scotland who knew bow : to prepare this foul salt ? Had - any such thing been stated ? For aught that had appeared, the

House were not given to understand, that any one in Scotland krveur the feast, and yet the advantages it might produce were to be extended to that country. This the honourable gentleman thought extremely absurd and unreasonable, and therefore should formally oppose the : motion, when a more proper opportunity should offer itself to him for that purpose.

The motion was theii put, and agreed to *

25.

The Hoofe, pursuant to the order of the day, resolved kfetf, into a committee, to take into farther confederation the affairs of the East India Company. Mr. Ord in the chair. ' tom North 1 Lord North rose, and opened to the committee fame more proportions; - which he should submit to theif judgment relative

C

A. 1781. DEBATES.

tive to the said company. It bad been resolved, be observed onWedaefday, that three - fourthiof. the surplus of territorial revenue ) which, by the last parliamentary agreement was re served to the public after a dividend of eight per cent, should be claimed in pursuance of that agreement. With respe&,. therefore, to the past acquisitions of the company, the question was Steady settled; but some regulations were necessary for the future, as well with regard to the participation of the pro fits, and the advantage which the puWic ought to derive from the company’s revenue, as with refoed to the management of their affairs in India, and to those be now begged leave to call their attention.

His Lordship then concisely recapitulated the several acts of Parliament which had passed by agreement with the company, lor regulating the point in question, from that in the year 1767 to that of 1773 All these, beobserved, went on the idea of a right in the public to a participation of theterrirorial. revenues; and the agreement of 1769 made an equality of interest between them, only saving to the company a clear dividend of iiir per cent, below which if their net profits should at any time fall j the public were precluded from any participa - tion till the dividend rose again to that sum. He then stated, that in the year 1773, finding that the affairs of the company were in a very declining state, the public interfered, and agreed not only to forego the advantages to which they were intitled, but after inquiring into the fads, took a decisive interest in their affairs, and Tent the company the sum of 140, 000 !. and at the same time passed an act which enjoined regulations so wile and lalutary, as soon restored them to so prosperous and fioorishing a state that they not only paid off the loan, re - diced their bond debt to 1, 500, 0001. but also, were enabled to take advantage of the resolutions of that House, and raise their dividend to eight per cent. It was well known, that the interference of Parliament upon that occasion was contrary to the wdhes of Leadenhall - street, and that they loudly inveighed against the legislature for being so rud$ and violent as to lerve them against their will. The good consequences, however, 1 which their regulations produced, demonstrated their utility, and reconciled the company to the interference. In the year 1773 it was generally understood, that though the public, mom a confide ration of the immediate distress of the company, agreed to forego a participation of their profits, agreeable to the bargain of 1769, that nevertheless, when the company’s affairs moqld be in a better condition, and they be more able to afford it, then the public were again tofiayptheir share of

advantage

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

advantage from the company, in ionsequence of the revenue derived from their territorial acquisitions and possessiona. What he meant to do at present, was to bring in a bill, continuing, fora time to be limited, the management of the territorial pof sessions, and the receipt of the revenue, in the hands of the East India Company, and in that bill to ena& what the futuit participation of the public in the company’s profits should be. By the bargain of 1769, the company were to divide fix pet cent, only; but of late, as he had before said, they bad raised their dividend to eight percent. In the lift of propofickwrt recommended to the general court, by the directors, the proportion of participation was this : the, company were, first of all, to take eight per cent, on their capital stock of three million five hundred thousand pounds, out of their profits, then the public were to have eight per cent, and the rest, iboukl there be any profits more than sixteen per cent, to be equally divided between the public and the company. This propofi « fion the general court did not, it seems, approve; but had lent another to the ballot, the terms of which were these : the company, first of all, to take eight per cent, and all the fur ‘plus to be divided in the following manner; three - fouiths to be appropriated to the public, and the remaining fourth to the company, referring always a moiety, after the increase of the company ' s dividend one per cent, to the dischargeof the stock debt. His Lordship said, he gave the preference to the propo - fition recommended by the directors, and for this reason : if the public had only three - fourths of the surplus, then if tbb company got twelve, the public would get only eight per cent, and lb on in that proportion; but there was some little 1 difference between this and the one which he should ftibmft, to the Hdiifethough it was fecund in order, he would snovt it first, for, as to the term of the renewal, he should not confix der that now. What he should move then would be this, tbit first the company should be secured in eight per cent. HP the net profits amounted to so much, that then the public should have eight per cent, if they amounted to sixteen 5 but if they fell short of sixteen, then the public to have all above eight per cent, that if they amounted to more than sixteen, the far plus, whatever it might be, to be divided, but under certain regulations; the public to have half of it g and then one per cent, td o towards railing the dividend to nine per cent, and the remainder to go towards discharging their stock debt, Lordship argued on the reasonableness of this propofitton, and shewed that, at the same time, that it ( toured the public a fair proportion of the company ' s profits, it secured to the company

abetter

A. 178 u DEB A T E 8.

a better dividend, by two per cent, than they were entitled to by the bargain of 1769, for there the public were to p&rtici - pate, if the company divided fix per cent, while here it was necessary that the company should have a clear net dividend of eight per cent, before the public could come in for any share whatever, and then they were only intitled to the surplus, whi b, though it might perhaps amount tq eight per cent, might be less; aihl if it should be more, the company had an eqeal advantage in the extra profits with the public. Having fully difeufled this point, his Lordship said, the next matter, which he must make the subjectc of a single refoliition, was to irapower the company, in case of distress for cash, to borrow 500, 000 !, on bond or otherwise; and this, he said, he agreed to, because it was among other of the directors propositions; andas, very possibly, an occasion might arise when the company would be much distressed, he thought it would not be right to say no" to the proposition.

He expressed his concern, that notwithstanding his very earned desire, the company had not thought proper to petition Parliament for a renewal of their charter; but as they bad not done it, so he would not force a renewal upon them $ and would make the bill, which he intended to bring in up - 09 the resolutions he was going to propose to the committee, only for one year : during that period, he would leave them tt territorial acquisitions; and perhaps before the expiration of the bill, an amicable agreement might be concluded. Into this bill he intended to introduce certain regulations. Tome of which had been proposed to him by the court of directors; others he had yet to suggest to the House.

With respect to the payment of the King’s troops in the ( qpice of the company, he would not at that time make any proposition about the manner in which they should be paid; h t it was proper they should be paid as well and as ( oon as tbi company ’ sj but whenever the mode of payment, and the quantum of the sum should be ascertained, the company might be sure nothing unreasonable would be asked; Pk die company, by the regulations he had suggested, were to take eight per cent, out of the profits, before the public flpMtld touch any part of them 3 therefore if any unreasonable ( & should he asked for the protection of the fleets and armies, it was the public, and not the company, that would be injured by it. It was possible that India might, at. fomc pfrf&d or other, be made the feat of war between this country tad some of the great European powers; in such case, the

company

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1

company could not, ought not, to be charged with the payment of all the forces which should be sent there.

. He had an idea, which he had once thrown out, of giving the governor - general greater powers than were at present vested in him, and authoring him in some cases to act independently of his council, only dating to them after he had so ailed, the reasons upon which he justi&ed his conduit, and fending home those reasons, together with such as the council should at the time have delivered, in case they differed in opinion from the governor - general; he had also thought of impowering the presidents of the councils of the other pr fidencies to give a negative; both of which alterations, he believed, considering the nature of the country, the temper arid habits of living of the natives, and on various other cpnfiderations, would be of advantage to the government and prosperity of the inhabitants - But these proportions he only threw out now for the information of the House, that they might turn their minds towards them against another year, when the charter would perhapt be renewed by agreement for a term of years, and at which time the House might have the opportunity of considering them with all the attention which their consequepce and their novelty required In the proposition that no bill, note, or obligation, for money issued, or to be issued, by any of the company’s presidents, councils, or fervan$$, uin India or China, made payable there, should be payable in England without the content of eighteen of the directors, he perfectly agreed; it was a vtry prudent and proper restriction Another matter he designed to introduce was this; at present the company were obliged to fendUcopies of all their dispatches from India, but not of any of the orders and instructions which they sent out. He meant, therefore, to insert in the bUl a clause, obliging them to shew to the Lords of the Treasury, or the Secretaries of State, all their instructions to their for - vants that related to their political and military conduit j and to add farther, that if his Majesty thought proper to iigoify, through his Secretaries of State to the Directors, any order relative to the particular conduit of the company’s servanta, ia regard to the prosecution and management of the war in India, or to the political direction of affairs, or to any treaties with the powers in India, or to the political direction of affairs, or to any treaties with the powers in India, that the Due& - ors should be obliged to obey such order, and to fend it out to India immediately. The grounds upon which he refed ' w the

L,

A. i ? 8t. DEBATES;

the necessity for this regulation was, that as the wars ill India might materially afte& this country, his Majesty, as the executive branch of the British government, ought to inter - " fere whenever he saw occasion, and to have the political connexions and alliances in India regulated in such manner as should seem most likely to be of service to the general welfare of the state. The above regulation, his Lordship said, could not be objected to on the score of its giving ministers an extension of influence or patronage, because undoubtedly it gave them none; on the contrary, it was a matter not very dcfireable to ministers, because surely the power of giving orders and compelling the directors, and others, under them to obey them, without being likely to advance influence, imposed responsibility which no ministers would be very anxious to desire. There was another thing which he intended to propose; by law, all the servants of the company were ' prohibited from receiving presents in India; if they did, such presents became forfeited to the dirt&ors; but as the directors were rather backward in availing themselves of this law, he would provide, that if, during a given period, the directors should not claim those presents as their right, the Attorn nev - General should be impowered to inform against those wno had received presents, and claim the presents as the property of the Crown.. He thought it would be a desirable objeS to establish a court of judicature in this kingdom, to hear and determine, in a summary way, all charges of peccu lation and" oppression in India; but as no plan of such atri bunal had been as yet drawn; and as the bill was merely temporary, it would not be proper at present to make any regulation except of a temporary nature. There were other regulations of less importance which it was needless for him to state then, as the House would have a full opportunity of examining and difeuffing them, when they were properly before them in the bill. With regard to the Supreme Court of Judicature, as that matter was already in the hands of other gentlemen, he would not at present say much upon the subject. The jurisdiction, as originally intended by Parliament, was certainly a Court calculated to produce a great deal of good, being infinitely better constituted than the Mayor court of Calcutta; since being a dependent jurisdiction, the fame equal justice was not to be expected from it. The act of Parliament, when it arrived in India, had been defined, and defined contrary to the intention of the legislature, when it passed the bill; much evil had, he believed, arisen, in consequence; at the same time undoubtedly much good had also Yoj.. III ., F f f arisen

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

arisen, for the principle upon which the court was eflabl idled was beyond dispute laudable and necessary; the poor natives were to be protected from oppression, and perhaps there were JEuropcans who had not humanity enough to refrain from oppressing an innocent people if they had not been restrained by this court. He recommended it therefore very arneftly to the consideration of the gentlemen, who were to bring in the bill to explain and amend the act of 1773, to Pay 8rcat attention in drawing it to the original constitution of the Supreme Court, the powers which Parliament intended to to invefl it with, and in what manner and in what degree its jurisdiction had been extended improperly. At length his Lord ship concluded with moving the resolution to the following purport, u that it is the opinion of this commince, that leave be given tabring in a bill to allow the Lall India company to continue their exclusive trade to India, to manage the territorial acquisitions and possesslons in Asia, and to receive the revenue anting therefrom, for a time to be limited and that as soon after the 30th of March 1782 as poltible, an account of the net profits from the 30th of March 1781 to that day, be made up and laid before Parliament, and the net profits resulting to the company be thus appropriated. The company to have the first eight per cent, on their capital stock, then the public to have all the surplus if the profits should, on the whole, be under or equal to sixteen per cent, but if more than sixteen per cent, then the public to take eight per cent, and to have a moiety of the surplus, one per cent, out of it to go to the increase of the company’s ! dividend, and the remainder to be applied to the discharge of the company’s flock debt. "

Cen. Smith. General Smit rose, immediately after the motion had been

read by the chairman, and said, if, for a moment, he could forget the place in which he flood, and the high station and character of the noble lord in the blue ribbon, he should have been apt to imagine that he was at Guildhall, and that the noble lord was a commissioner of bankrupts, for he could not contider the resolution now moved, as well as the greateff pait of what the noble lord had said, any otherwise than as a commission of bankruptcy issued out agiinft the Eull - India company; from this remark the General proceeded to afiert that it was impossible the company could stand if so much of their money went to the public. A position he endeavoured to maintain, by dating that a contiderable portion of their apparent prpfits was in - fa6l the right of their creditors in I ‘ India,

A. 1781. DEBATES.

India, and ought to be appropriated to the discharge of the great debt incurred by carrying on their wars; they owed at

Srefent, he said, 1, 400, 000 ^. at leaf !, and how was that debt, aily and hourly increasing, ever to be diminished, if the noble lord infilled on having that money, which in justice and in honour ought to go to the discharge of the debt incurred. He adverted to the lord - advocate’s speech of Wednesday last, and reprobated the argument advanced by the learned lord, that the conference of fiitiering i, ioo, ooool. to remain in the company’s coffers would be, that the Asiatic plunderers would ' fend over an inundation of bills upon the company. The idea, he declared to be wholly unfounded. The utmost that could be drawn for, by the company’s servants, was 3CO, ooooI. But the whole of the learned lord’s speech, whaN ever service it might do, the noble lord in the blue ribbon here, would, if it got over to India, produce much mischiefi He said, he was amazed at the incontinent and contradictory language held by the noble lord at different times; after what he had ' talked hut the other day of the danger and had conferences of permitting the company to borrow money, he little expected to hear him ( land up, and be himself the mover of a proposition to empower the company to borrow jo ooool. He saw, however, the intention of the proposition; it was this, ’ the noble lord empowered them to borrow, merely that they might have an opportunity of paying the public their ihare of the profits, so that, in faCI, the money borrowed was to go to make up th ir dividend; this he called a mischievous idea. But such wouhl be the miserable state of the company’s affairs, in consequetice of the noble lord’s intended regulations, that he declared, he would be the man to advise the company to give up their charter, to Ihare and divide the little they had left, and to carry on the trade no longer. With regard to the act of 1773, e i > erience, the test of truth, proved, that the execution of that act in India had been pregnant with much evil; and when it was contidered that the governor general had taken up arms against the decrees of the supreme court, their needed little argument to prove it. The noble lord, he observed, had an idea of giving more power to the governor general; if the noble lord knew as much of the ahufe of power, in India, by those who had been entfufted with it, as he did, he was sure he would alter his opinion, and rather think it wife to letien than to encrease the power of any person jn high office there. The noble lord had farther thrown out an idea of making the Court of Directors subject to the or -

F i f 2der *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

4ers of his Majesty, delivered by his secretaries of ( late, and had said, it neither gave ministers patronage nor influence; the assertion was ridiculous, when it was notorious - that foT years past, there had not been a single appointment, which was not managed for ministers, cither through tbs influence of the noble lord in the blue ribbon, or another noble lord in a high office. He reprobated the idea of making the directors shew their dispatches to ministers it would make a chaos of government by placing power in one place and ref - possibility in another. But he was at last come to an idea totally contrary to every idea he had entertained of the East India company for many years. He had broached that idea at the India House, and he would speak out, and deliver it in that House. It was this; he declared to God, such had been the condu£t of some of the directors for the last five years, that he wished the entire management of the company were taken out of their hands, and put into the hands of government; and for this reason, in conducing affairs of such vast magnitude and importance there ought to be responflbility somewhere; at present, as matters were settled, one power was lodged with the directors, another with the minister, and so on; there was no responsiblity at all, and it was a mere jumble of contradictions. The General said, another of the resolutions suggested by the noble lord, was a great hardship, and that was obliging the company to pay the King’s troops and ships crews out of their territorial. revenues; he desired to know why our possessions in the East - Indies were not entitled to be prote£led at the public expence as much as Ja maica, or any other part of the empire ? it had been generally agreed that no part of the possessions of Great - Britain yrere more valuable. He said he was glad, however, that the noble lord had so far changed his mind as to bring in a short bill for continuing the exclusive trade, Ac. to the company for another year; it was wife, and he wished the rest of the noble - lord’s intentions were equally wife and equally justifiable. The contrary however was the case, and so fully convinced was he of the bad tendency, nay, of the cruelty and oppression contained in the resolution which the noble lord had just moved, that he was determined not only toop - pose it then, but in every stage in which he could oppolc. it. He treated as childish the idea of taking 600, 000 !. by one vote from the company, and giving them by another leave to borrow 500, 000k and in a word, sooner than submit to fpcji a participation as the noble lord had described, he would

advile

A. 1781. DEBATES. 40

advise the company to surrender their right to the exclusive trade, and not continue a Branch of commerce by which they mud lose.

Mr. Hujfey said, he did not get up to oppose the tefolu - Wr tion, becaul ' e as it was only intended to pais a bill for a year, and as the noble lord well knew that the dividend could hot be more than eight per cent, it was not of any sort of conference what resolution was made that related to participating more than the first eight per cent, but undoubtedly in a per - tnanent bill it ought to be considered by the noble lord and the House, that such a regulation would rob the proprietors of all hope, that their dividend should ever exceed eight per cent, and the proprietors ought to be considered as well as the public, as the fortunes they enjoyed in the India ( lock were laid out there under the idea that more than eight per cent, might be made of their money, though upon an average of nineteeen years the dividends had not exceeded that sum.

He adverted to the buIincfsotWednesday, anda{ked once more, by what right the noble lord took the 6oo, ooool. from the company, for he had made out no right as yet. Mr. Huffey laid farther, that he rose to speak for those who were not present to take care of themselves, the honed proprietor, who had laid out his money fairly, and run all the risk of losing k, and now when an advantageous return was likely to be obtained was about to be unjudly deprived of that gain he Was every way entitled to By the honed proprietor, Mr.

HufTcy said, he did not mean office - clerks and dependents bn government, who purchased two thousand pounds dock to get themselves made directors, merely for the purpose of managing and carrying the minider’s jobs.

Mr. fVraxallfpoke greatly in commendation of the noble Mr.

lord in the blue ribbon, for having turned his attention lately to so important a consideration, as the welfare and prosperity of the British empire in Alia. No part of our podessions better deserved the noble lord’s consideration and care. He took notice of the desponding dile in which the gentlemen had talked of the present date of the company’s affairs abroad, and said he differed totally in opinion; he law no reason to despond, his hopes were far from funk, although it was true, tha$ in consequence of Hyder Ally’s successes, our intered tnd concerns in India were in a very different iituation from that glorious one to which we raised them lad war. In order so shew that there was no occasion to despond, he went $ver a history of the various tfars carried on in India for the

lad

406

Sclkitor *

ncrei.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

last half century, pointing out. that our affairs there wete in a much worse posture in 1756, 1757, and 1758. He dated the various defeats, and the various battles we had loft, _ noticing also our having been driven to the gates of Madrass, and even besieged within the walls of Fort St. George by Monsieur Lally. He contrafted tfrefe disasters with the victories we had won, the towns we had taken, and the immense wealth we had amassed. In the course of his speech he declared, that he had not a doubt in his mind as 10 the right the public had to the territorial acquisitions; and he said, if gentlemen would consult Grotius, Puffendorf, and other writers on the subject, their ferupies, he was sure, would be entirely removed.

GV - The Solicitor - Genera ! said, though he certainly was not at much ' inafter of the subject as several of the gentlemen who fat on the other fide of the House, he could not lefrain from saying a few words. He then defended the noble lord’s argument, and his propositions. He said, the resolution that the 600, cool, should be paid into the Exchequer was not the urging of any new claim, but merely the putting in force two resolutions of that House, agreed to about seven years ago, and Handing upon the Journals. That therefore every argument on the fcorc of the distress of the company, and the unpromising prolpe& of its affairs, fell to the ground, and did not in the lead affect either the justice or propriety of the question agitated and determined by the committee last Wednesday; It was the noble lord’s duty to bring forward that resolution; and $ven supposing it possible, that the very day. after the money had been paid into the Exchequer such should be the real distress of the company, that they should require twice as much affifiance from government, he should ( till hold that it was the noble lord’s duty to take the money, although at the same time he should think him guilty of a very high crime indeed, if he did notaftift the company the next day with every shilling they wanted, should the Treasury have so much money at command. With regard to the present proposition, it was fair, just, and equitable. The public had an undoubted right to a participation, and after eight per cent, was secured to the company, they had no cauie, in his mind, to complain if the public should take that proportion of the surplus of the profits which ' th ? Telolution then under consideration gave them.

As to what an honourable gentleman ( General Smith ) had fhid, in respect to the noble lord’s idea of inferring a clause

in

A. 1781. DEBATES.

in the bill, to oblige the directors to fabmit their orders and instructions to the secretaries of state’s inspection, previous to their being sent to India, and also in respect to what had been thrown out in regard to the directors being obliged to obey the King’s orders, nothing could be more reasonable, nothing more necessary. Did gentlemen consider that the very existence of this country might be destroyed by any misfortune in India, arising from unwise, impolitic orders being sent out to the company’s servants. The wars carried on there were not merely wars against Indians and the natives, The powers of Europe were ht war with us in India; the French were at war; the Dutch, in all probability, would be at war with us; and therefore, as he had before said, any material disaster in Alia might lead to the destruction of Great - Britain. To enforce the regulations proposed was not to overhaul and manage the trade concerns of a parcel of merchants; it was a very different thing; it was merely to guard against evils of a military and political, not of a mercantile and commercial, nature. In one part of hisfpeech Mr, Solicitor recommended it to gentlemen, better acquainted with India than he was, to endeavour to put a flop to that rapine and plunder practised by the subje£h of this country, who, after being in India only two or three years, came home with fortunes of from one to five hundred thou - ( and pounds, and bore themselves with such insolent triumph, and such consciousness of the superiority their ill - acquired wealth gave them, that they assumed more than the first : nobles of the kingdom. By their rapacity, practised under the idea of obtaining presents from the Indian princes and nabobs, they had, he said, for many years, been disgracing us as a nation, and making us appear in the eyes of the world, no longer to be the once - famed generous Britons, but a fee of banditti and robbers, bent solely oil rapine and plunder, without either honour, justice, or even common humanity He mentioned a plan which he had formed to prevent pec - culation in India, which was to oblige the feverat governors, and other persons in public situations in India, to remit whatever money they might acquire there in their own names, and to give an account of the means by which they acquired it. Their salaries were known; they were not allowed to trade, and all presents were declared to be illegal; whatever therefore was properly gained, might be openly and fairly accounted for; it would be necessary to constitute a court armed with sufficient potters to carry on. such an inquiry.

4oS PARLIAMENTARY A. ifit.

He did not mean to ( late, that the courts of criminal law were unequal to the task of punishing guilt, but the rule *. Of evidence, and the whole form of the proceedings, were calculated for the prote&ion of innocence; and though there was reason to believe that nineteen prisoners out of twenty that were tried were guilty, yet hardly one - third of that number were convictecL The nature of the offences charged on the delinquents in India, though di/graceful to the charafler of the nation, and extremely injurious to the interests of the public, were such as would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to be proved by the flrifleft law of evidence, under all the local inconvenience which was peculiar to questions agitated at lb great a distance from the seene of action. A great degree of discretion, and, in other words, a degree of arbitrary power, mull be allowed to the court; and the question mull be, whether you will submit to the continuation of offence without punimment, or to the creation of extraordinary powers, which were necessary to reach the offence ? The case was not a severe one; men were appointed to places of the greatest profit, and to situations little short of the splendor and power of monarchs; and if, their conduct was afterwards to be fubie£l to such an examination, they knew the condition on which they accepted the truth

Mr. r. Mr. T. ' TovjnJhetid said, he had no idea of speaking in the Tncnjbtnd. present question, but from what he had heard from the Uft gentleman, he greatly deteiled the idea of a court which it was necessary even for the proposer to describe to be difere - tionary and despotic. He hoped no such court would ever be known in England; there was no fort of necessity for die creation of such a one; and indeed there was a sufficient an - lwer to the idea of erefling such a court in the constitutional declaration, nolumus leges Anglia mutari. There were powers already in being, amply sufficient for the punishment of offences in India, which, he had no doubt, were great, but it was no defeat in the power of punishment, but the influence which had prevented any examination or profcctition of the offences. The criminals came home rich; they procured feats in that House, they became dependents and fly - porters of the ministers; and if any of them shewed adif - position to become independent; a hint was given them that they might be squeezed; and they well knew that nothingcould prevent their being obliged to refund theirlll - got spoil shut the influence of the minister. He compared the idea of fwcating a

‘nabob,

A. 7 I. D fe 3 ATE S;

nabob, fuggected by the learned gentleman, to the ardent of Louis XIV. The best meads of making a nabob barroless on his return, he said, would be to make it impof - fible for him to be chosen a member of that House, for there all the mischief lay. He warmlj opposed the motion;

Mr. Dimffttr, in a ihort speech, commented on the pro -

posed regulations which the noble Lord had stated approving of tome, and disapproving of others. He spoke with h ufnal candour, declaring that he did not rail against the minister for his Scandalous neglect of the company’s affairs : if he was harsh, he could only say, that had the gentlemen with whom he generally acted, been guilty of the fame negligence, he fcould have reprobated their condu£3t much more bufllly, because they were his friends. He lamented that the nonle Lord’s proportions would make the breach between government and the company much wider than it Was, and

Kthe prbfpc& of an amicable agreement ( which every y who had any regard either for the public or the company, muff ardently wish for ) at a greater distance; He adviied making the act extend to two years, and not coilfihe it to so ihort a period as one year only;

Mr Boughton Roufisaid that as he wished well to the Mr prosperity of his country aitd the successful management of & Afiabc trade; he Was anxious to fee an amicable accommodation made between the ' public and the company upon dhch terms as should be reasonable for every party concerned, bat that severe conditions should not be forced upon the company; and he said this without meaning to deny that the public might have a right claim upon large territorial acqui - fitions obtained by any corporate body, upon the renewal of its exclusive charter but he could riot acquicfce in the propriety 6f taking away from them arbitrarily the wealth which J&urinfed id their treasury, at the expiration of the term for Which it had been granted. He expressed his concurrence in flfcefentiments thrown out by an honourable gentleman who had spoke a little before him ( Mr. Purling ) with regard to the tertns the noble Lord proposed, and eatneftly recommended 0 Ihofe Who had weight in government, and to the Hotife; to grant the proprietors a fair participation of future profits;

He could with the dividend to be allowed the proprietors had dot been limited so strictly to eight per cent, as the company Jiould liow have no chance of greater benefit either to keep the value df their flock or as an incentive to the careful. toanagetoant of those important concerns; and although they ‘ ¥cl, I1L G g g could

9

410

Mi. Pur Hr

Sir Wi

' Jnwts,

Lord Btau•

ckmtp.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

fcould never receive more than eight, would fee even that tendered precarious by various contingencies. Upon the ideas intimated by a learned gentleman over the way, he thought it behoved him to say, as one who had held offices in Bengal, that for his part he would wish to fee no offender fereened from justice; he should never oppose any fair and equitable regulations for the prevention of abuses or punish - tnent of crimes; and some ciaufes would be proposed by the committee, of which he had the honour to be a member, which would conduce to those objects : but, as a country gentleman, who had learned from his forefathers to set a value upon the liberties of this country, hernuft declare him fclf strongly averse to any new and difefetionary mode of trial, which should go to make scrutiny and inquHition into the private fortunes or concerns of individuals; more clpe - cially if it ' were to be conduced by any other than the con - llitutionai courts and independent judges of the nation.

• Mr. Pur liner said, it would be impossible for the company to go on unless they were suffered to borrow the 500, 000 !. He stated,. that when, in consequence of want of cash, the company had been obliged to apply to the Treasury, to in treat they would give them time to pay their ertstoms and excise, the Treasury always put them to a heavy expence, exacting fix per cent, interest. He also spoke shortly to the general question, and said the directors had done their ut -. 1110 ( 1 to bring forward an amicable agreement; that it was what be and every friend to the public must wish for.

Sir William James spoke to the fame effect. The two re *

{Solutions were now severally put and agreed to *

The committee then adjourned.

slpril 28.

- Lord Beauchamp requeued that the House would favour him with their attention on a subjc& in which the domefhc happiness of thousands was greatly interested. Adecifion, which had been made during the course of the last week in the Court of KingVbench, respecting the validity of marriages in certain cases, mufl necessarily be alarming to the public. The case he alluded to was this; a pauper having been tent, with his wife and children, from one parish to another, claimed in the latter a settlement for his family. The overseers of the poor, influenced by the great number of his children, refused to admit ' the claim; and consulting with an attorney, were advised by him, to persevere in their rc filial, because, from the circumstances of the man’s mar -

J

A 17 1 DEBATESi

riage, the children were bastards. The circumstances were limply these; that the marriage had been celebrated in conference of the publication of banns in a chapel which was not in being at the time when the Marriage - aft was passed, the case was brought, by certiorari, into the King’s - bench; and there the judges had unanimously agreed, that according to the letter of the law, no marriage was valid if the banns were published in a church or chapel which was rot landing at the passing of the Marriage - aft; or which had not been built upon the feite of a church or chapel in which banns had been published previous to the enacting of that law. Many marriages had been celebrated in chapels of this fort, said the noble lord, and families of children have been the fruit of these marriages; all the tender charities of life, ari - sing from such unions arc valid in the law of nature; but in foro confcientia mull be illegal, because informal in the eye of the municipal law of this country. The consequences that. would follow a rigid construction and enforcement of the above - mentioned law were Ihocking to the imagination, and when actually suffered mull be dreadful. The dearest connections torn asunder, and the innocent offspring of those innocent connections rendered illegitimate. How far these evils might extend, could not be accurately ascertained; but it was evident that many worthy people were liable to them as the law now flood; his lordship therefore hoped that ihe House urould think it their duty to amend it. That it required, and called aloud for amendment, was obvious co the common sense and natural feelings of mankind. Influenced by these, a court of justices, waving the literal interpretation of the law alluded to, had justified and defended the party accused, in the parish above mentioned. But the cause was appealed to the court of King’s - bench, who could do no other than reverie the sentence of the justices, and decide in favour of the appellants. The judges had made their decision much against their inclination; out as the statute was of a penal nature, they were obliged to adhere strictly to the letter of it; their wilnes inclined them one way, their oath and their duty led them another; and disagreeable as it was to their feelings, they had been obliged to make a deci - fion that baflardifed thoulands. It was now the business of the legislature to provide for the ease and quiet of families, by passing an act, that should legalile all marriages that had been celebrated in, the manner above described; and the Hopfe were bound to do it immediately, left the remedy G g g 2 should

4 ? PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1,

Should come too late for securing the happiness of many families, if the decision fl > ould be spread over the kingdom before a new act could be passed to counteract its effects.

As dispatch was necessary, so he had already prepared heads of a bill; and he trusted the House would difpcnfe with the strict observance of order, and permit him to bring it in direCUy. He consulted the judges of the kingdom, and they had expressed their entire approbation of the bill; saying at the same time, that it was calculated to do what they them - selves would have done if they could. He flattered himself therefore, /that qo opposition would be given to the speedy progress of a bill, which was absolutely necessary; and which was brought to the House under the fanction of the law officers. He then moved for leave to bring in a bill to remedy certain inconveniencies arising from an act passed in the year 175c, entitled, an act to prevent Clandesttne marriages.

ftDr&Surrg. Lord Surrey seconded the motion; and strongly recommended to the House, a bill tending to rescue the progenie of whole parishes from illegitemacy : he also expressed hit wish that the noble lord would carry his views a little farther, and move for a complete repeal of the Marriage - aft,

] n the town which he himself had the honour to represent ( Carlisle ) all the inhabitants who wanted to be married, found it extremely convenient to go a little farther north, to a place called Gretna Green, where they were under no legal jrestrictions; and where they flood not in need of licence or publication of banns; he was sorry they could not find thi convenience at home; and that the inhabitants of fioutly Britain were not in this respefk as free as their feUow - subjects of the north. At the farpe time, he said, the city of Carlisle would fuller somewhat in their traffic by the repeal of that

v for they reaped considerable advantages from the nu -

merous excurfions that were made from different parts of England to Gretn ? - Green. Thp traveller came through that place in their journey, and the town was enlivened as well as benefited by the wedding parties. But this was a species of trade which he was sensible they would willingly forego for the more general conafprt of freedom in this important point *

| fr. rex. Mr. Fox spoke also to the fame eflfcdl. The Marriage - aft was a disgrace to the country and to the Statute - book, and he sincerely wished that the iegiflature would at length open $ejr eyes to the true arjd plain policy of opennefe and im -

£. 1781. DEBATES. 4 ' S

partiality in preference to pride and avarice, and abolish those restrictions which oppressed the poor without benefiting the vch. The very object for which the bill had been introduced and passed into a law was defeated; for every body that could pay for a chaifc and pair could be married in spito of its provisions. He recommended to the noble lord to make his bill go farther. Perhaps the present proof of the calamity to which it had given birth might operate with tho other House, vyho were the chief advocates for the Marriage act, and tempt them to do that now which they had re fused before, to repeal it.

Lord Beauchamp said, be had confined his bill to this pro - Lori ? vision only that there might be no objection nor impoliment• « to its passage through born Houses. If he had carried it to 3

other points, obstacles might have arisen to occasion delay, or perhaps to flop its progress entirely; and the danger of this, in a case which so loudly called for the immediate interference of Parliament, to prevent the ill conseqoetices that might arise from the publication of this decision, had induced him to go no farther. It was late in the feafort, but in ajiother year a plan might be formed, and a bill introduced, to which the lords might be brought to agree for tho repeal of the act.

Mr. Dempster loudly reprobated the Marrige - aft, as being cruel as well as impolitic, and disgraceful as well as abford.

Mr. Turner spoke of it with all the warm indignation of Mr. hie heart, and said it was shamcful to the Statute - book. It was a breach of religious liberty and an incroachment upon the natural freedom of the subject; and if no body cife would undertake the talk, he declared that he would himself in another year bring in a bill totally to repeal that a ft.

Lord Mahon said, that if the House of Lords would notW AW *, agree to the total repeal of that act, there were yet parts of it. to which he thought they would not refuse their abhorrence when properly explained, by which a partial repeal might at leaf ! he obtained. But in the mean time the present bill was very proper, for he believed there were thousands of marriages solemniscd like that now mentioned, which might all be called in question in consequence of this decision being made known and annulled; a circumstance which surely every good man must be anxious to prevent.

The bill was then brought in, and read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time the next day.

Sir

L.

! P A R L TA Rfr E T T A R Y. A. 178/.

Sir r. 7. Sir Philip Jennings Clarke moved that there should be laid Gfarl before the House an account of the expenditure of the money which had been voted this fession for American fuffcrersy with the names of the respective persons who have partaken of that bounty ! The honourable gentleman said, his reason for this motion was that he had great reason to believe the distribution of the money granted for the American refugees was exceedingly partial, and made without any regard to their former fortunes, to their Losses, or to their present ne - ceffities ., So that men who had loft nothing had now in - comes of two, three, four, or five hundred a year. While " others again who had really loft considerable estates were now suffering all die distreffes of poverty.

| it. Hdrtley Mr. Hartley seconded the motion.

The House were about to divide on the motion of Sir Philip, but he at last gave it up, and the question was negatived.

The House then went into a consideration of the petition of the sugar - refiners, praying that prize sugars might be per m it ted to be introduced and fold in this count™.

Previous to this, petitions were read against their prayer, from the West - India merchants of London and the planters of Jamaica; the former being brought up by the honourable Mr. Marsham, and the latter by Mr. Fuller. Mr. Brick - dale also mentioned an opposition to it from the merchants of Bristol, but said he had yet no petition to present from them.

The petitions of the West - India merchants and the plant - air. Aider - ers of Jamaica being read, Mr. Alderman who

mangel/ - was chairman of the committee for inquiring into the ex - pediency of granting the prayer of the sugar - refiners, who petitioned for the importation, &c. of prize sugars, prefaced his report from that committee with a regret that his colleagues, Mr. Hayley and Mr. Bull were prevented from performing an office which they would have performed so much better than himself. But as this taik had fallen to his lot, he would go through it with checrfulness, though not with that ability, which the subject demanded, and which his worthy colleagues would have exhibited. The Alderman then described the importance of the sugar manufacture as a source of public revenue; its present low state, and the danger of its being loft to this, and passing into the hands of foreign nations : he urged the extreme difficultly of recovering any branch of manufacture or trade, after it had been seized on by any other people; after it had gone into another channel than its old one, and after the world was accustomed

to

JLijSf. DEBATES. 4 *

to look for it iti a new quarter as its natural market ! Th only thing that could prevent this evil to this nation would be to enable. the sugar - refiners to manufacture and fell that commodity as cheap or cheaper than any of our neighbours; and to this end the importation and use of the new materials, taken from the enemy by way of prizes, were highly conducive. It would be said, he was well aware, that the West - India planters had been great fufterers by the present war, and that policy, as well as humanity, required that Parliament should cherish by all means, and toiler plantations, from which so great benefits had arisen, and might arise to the public. The country gentlemen, he affirmed, had fuiiered more in the courfoof the present war than the Weft - India planters. The iffands that we had loft had leifened the amount of imported sugars by thirty thousand hogsheads; a quantity that could be only replaced by prize sugars. But farther, the Joterest of the planter and the manufacturer of sugar •were the fame; for the raw material was of no value to the planter unless it was manufactured in this country; and it wo&Jd not be manufactured, nor would there be any demand, for it, if the sugar - refiners should be obliged to give over their bufyiefs, and be flow their time and money in other enter - prizes. He did not think it necessary to state the case at large in the present stage of it. All that he should observe. was, that the allegations of the petitions had been clearly made OOt and fully established. The number of hoiftfes in this country for refining sugar had decreased from; 140 to 100; apdthofe which remained could not work above two days in the week. Mr. Sawbridge then read the report of the committee on the petition from the sugar - refiners, and moved,

" jthat it should be referred to a, committee of the whole

House. "

Mr. Dempster said, that he would either make an amend - Mr. Darf - ment to this motion, by inserting the words, " this day threejfrr monthsor, what was the fame thing, would oppose the

motion without any amendment, and refill it in its present form ., ’ He observed that the moil material allegations, in the petition of the sugar - refiners were neither supported nor attempted to be supported by any evidence. JFor example; the assertion, that the West - Indian planters would not in any tefpeCfc be injured by the importation of prize sugars was wholly unproved, nor had any witnesses been called on that subject Here he was referred to the Journals of the board of trade for their opinion on this matter, which he had looked ibr, but had not found it; at least he had not found any opi - ' ‘ ' nion

1 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S

ftftoti of theirs that went directJy te the point in question. He then enumerated the various disadvaatages and Losses lender Which the West - India planters carried on their bufmefi $ entreating freight, higher insurance 5 the/danger of being cap tured, the want of America, both as a resource for chose Acres that were nece&ry in railing and exporting sugar and as 1 market for that commodity. And besides all these disadwa tages and hardship ?, which might be called political, they bod lately been forced to contend with difficulties and difaftm that might be called natural, as arising from the elements, which seem to have been armed against the unhappy planters, divine Providence permitting phyftcal convulsions to co - opinatt with commotions flowing from moral causet, to affiidl theft Mauds that have been, for some time, the feat of war by fa s among the contending powers of Europe. It was a fpt&acle truly ludicrous, if any thing could be considered - as kidtopuf that was intimately connected with matters of so ferrous importance, to see the noble lord at the head of the Treasury giving charity to the planters with one hand, and knpofag t heavy tax on them with the other. But it would be afcfad as well as ludicrdue to ithpose a tax, and at the same time, kfj invading that monopoly which alone could enable them to bear it, wholly to cut off all possibility of payment.

Thehonoutabk member went into the motives that adapted the petitioners, and said many of them had contracted to deliver sugars at a certain price, and now came to Parliament praying that they might be permitted to buy prize goods, merely that they might be enabled the better ' to comply with those contracts. For these and many other reasons, and particularly the advanced period of the fession, the honourable gentleman said he should oppose the petition to the otmefl of his power; arid move, that the House, instead of going immediately into a committee, should port pone it to this day three months.

l rd Lord Btauchamp strenuously supported the motion fit

atop, feid that the exekiffon of prize sugars from our market was Imt in consequence of any acte of Parliament, but merely a custom - house regulation; consequently, there was no mutual compact subsisting with the West - India planter, the infradkoi of which he could complain of, should this meafare be adopted The honourable gentleman who ( poke iaft was jufHjr celebrated for his candour on all occasions, but he could not now compliment him on that score, when be found him inclined to reject, in the first instance, the report of a edmroktet without ny ihveftigation of its merits Were the petitions

of

A : 17SU DEBATES.

of Co valuable a body of men as the Sugar - refiners Wholly un defecvtng of attention ? or were the fads they stated fd very trivial thar they were not worthy of an argument ? What were these fads ? That the importation of raw sugars had considerably decreased, which was fully proved befofre the committee; that the manufactory was almost ruined, several of the houses being dismantled, and many of the tradefsnen become bankrupts; that the number of boiling - houses had been reduced from a hundred and forty to a hundred; that valuable contracts with foreigners remained unexecuted, fot want of materials; and such were the di fad vantages of one species and another, under which these unfortunate manufacturers laboured, that their last year’s profits did not amount to ' three per cent, on their very exteofive capitals. Having ascertained all these fads by evidence in the committee, the tKuious ' able "gentleman thought the proofs Still defective, because they had not shewn the impossibility of our plantation being injured by granting their petition; but surely it waft Heather incumbent on them to exhibit evidence of that kind jior practicable to do so; it was rather the blifiness of the planter *, or their agents, to shew the contrary, which they had an ample opportunity of doing, as this business had now been protracted by official delays and other causes for no left than eighteen months; yet the parties, on Whose behalf the report was to be now rejected, had not opposed it in the committee ' With respect to the necessity of exporting prize fugac unrefined, there was no law whatsoeverthat declared it; this aecciiity was founded only on a custom - house regulation, but not in law. As to the monopoly enjoyed by the British planters, of exclusively supplying the British ' market with sugar it was no more founded in law than was the necessity of expecting prize sugar; and consequently, it could not be thought a breach of public faith to the planters, to permit the home market to be supplied for a time with sugars taken from the enemy The monopoly of the India Company was sanctified by law; and yet in case of capture of vessels laden with tea, that article was fold here for home consumption, and not for exportation. The West - India planter, no doubt, had suffered by thrwar; but surely it would be admitted, that the country gentlemen had been at lead as great sufferers; and yet, though they had undoubtedly the bed claim to an exclusive right of ( applying the home - market with corn; yet in times of fear - city they never complained, when Parliament Opened their ports to theimporters of foreign corn,

Vol. Ill Hhh Hi *

C

PARLIAMENTARY A. i

His Lordship went on to ( late, that the importation of fa - tar had of ootvfe decreased by the capture of our West - Ieth ’ a I ( lands, the annual produce of which was 60, 000 hagfceds; but the large ft amount of prize sugar in any one year fmce the commencement of the war, had been only 26, 000, consequent * y, by acceding to the present proportion, tbbre would ftHI he not near so great an influx to our markets as formerly, and the price of the commodity would be much more advantageous to the planter than before the commencement of the war. It would appear from this computation how much the sugar manufactory here mu& have fttfFcred; for all the former impor ration of raw sugar was cunfumed by the manufacturer; now, besides the impolicy of cruftiing a branch of trade, of which all Europe was at present emulous, and which employed so large a ntimber of people, the intcfeftiof xnrr revenue wo also concerned, and mull ( offer confidetaWe dhnijiution by the want of this commodity. But he traded that the imports net of the manufacture itself would be a sufficient motive for vo encouragement; that it was important, had, be believed, never been denied, except in feme late publications, which; with an illiberally that House could not hear without indignation, disparaged the value of the trade, because it was chiefly conduced by foreigners. I am a good deal diverted, continued his Lordship, with the sudden resolution there has been in the tone of the coriverfations of West India merchants on thefiic - ceffes of Admiral Rodney against the Dutch settlemcitt of Demerary and Ifleqttibo. At frft, these were of no confer quenoe, and the important drain in which they were men tiorfed in the Gazette, was made a topic of j eft and ridicule; pow we bear of the great value of those infant settlements, and of the danger arising thence to the West India planters# Here his Lord ship recalled to the remembrance of the House an attempt that had been made about the year 1766 to rarfe a sugar plantation on the coail of Honduras, and the bi ] l that had been carried through the House, by the intfefeft of Mr. Beckford, for preventing the importation into Great Britain of sugar raised in any part of America. His Lordship find, that if Martinique or Guadalope should be taken from the French, no one would conceive our own colonies ko be injured, by allowing the importation of sugar from those islands;. 7 then should it be deemed injurious, when a smallipartof their produce was taken at sea, to fell it in our own markets ? On the whole, he contended that an oppofltion of ' interests between our manufactures and our planters existed only in idea; tKau ( heir prosperity was built on the fame balls; ana to4uffer

2

the

K. tjfr, DEBATES.

4i ' 9

the decay of the one would ensure the dedruftion o f the other#

At any rate he declared it would not be decent, t, o difmife a. petition that had for its object the continuance of so valuable a trade without differing it to gp to a con mjttee. On the prima facie evidence of the petition it justly challenged t, h

attention of the Housej and therefore in comm, on decency it ought not to be ( lopped in its way to the committee

Mr. Mccrjhcm said, that of 11 his Majesty’s fob ] "# ?, the Mr. West - India planters had differed mod from the present war,

The tax that had been imposed on sugar would foil on the planter, and he did not ( peak lightly, but from good authority, when he said, that in the opinion of many planters, that tax would be the ruin of the West India colonies. He oh ? served, that it would be madness to invade the rights of thi$ pionopoly, when, by such invasion, the power would be taken away of paying the tax imposed. The Wed - India colonies had thriven under the present colony laws, which it would bp very impolitic hadily to abrogate. He concluded his speech with a declaration, that in his opinion those persans ( h mid bear a considerable portion of the taxes, who retired from the public service with great pensions and ( inecures.

Mr. Fox spoke ably on the same side. The noble lord, he Mr. FV 4

said, had accused his honourable friend ( Mr. Dempster ) with want of candour on this occasion, though he allowed him to possess that quality in general; for his own parr, he thought his friend sometimes too candid, and was never more inclined to agree with him than when he wa9 lead so. In this day’s business, however, he had dri&Jy adhered to candour, meeting the petitioners in the proper ( lagepf the business, apd oppofin them on the faired grounds imaginable. The ogpreflive consequences of the war on our Wed - India plantations was more intolerable than could well be described; beftdes all the loflea they biftairted, the prjee of shipping and insurance was enor - ippufly iocreafedt, and the expence of their home - defence was greater in proportion than that of Great Britain; the island of Jamaica alone expended annually 160, 000k though her estab - liihinent before the war was only 6o, ooool. What then was to be the equivalent for such burthens; how were they to ftrqggle ag nd all the calamities of war, but by taking advantage of any cafuql high price which their commodities might bear so our market ? Jfot, instead of this, new innovations were pqw attempted, by which every profpe£t of sup - post would be defeated ip future; and this on no other plan but a temporary scarcity fogar, which the events of war alone bad produced. Our convoy lad year had been taken, apd in consequence of that, there could not be found shipping

H h ha to

Vo.

420 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

to transport the growth of pur islands; but it was univerCally admitted, that the crop now hand exceeded every thing that had been ' remembered; and, in a short time, a fleet was expected with an ample supply for our markets.

The noble lord had called the non - importation of prize - sugars a mere custom - house regulation, and therefore thought the rule might ealily be dispensed with; but he must inform his Lordship, that a compact more solemn than any act of ' Parliament could create, made that rule not to be infringed; for we had monopoliled the produce of our plantations, by unnatural restrictions on their trade : this was the only country in Europe in which they were permitted by our laws to ffcll their crops; surely then, by every principle of reason and natural just ice, they should also hive an exclusive access to our markets, a monopoly subsisting on one lide, neceflanljr implying a monopoly also on the other. There was notany written agreement, but there was something more substantial; there was monopoly against monopoly. The West - India planters were confined in the sale of their commodities to BrL fain, and Britain was confined to take those commodities from them, and them only. This tacit bargain was confirmed not by words, but by deeds. The planters enjoyed certain privileges, and for those privileges they gave something in return, an ample equivalent; so that there was y//o,

which was allowed in the civil law, to be a formal ratificar tion of any conpaft or bargain; but, as it would seem. Parliament were eager to seize, but not ready to grant, the adT vantages of a reciprocal monopoly. When any thing is to be gained, " we have a monopoly of your trade; v but when any thing is to be loft, and it is said, we planters have a jnonopoly of your custom, " it is replied, we have a supreme jurisdiction over yop, and are bound by no tacit or implied contrafts. According to this doctrine, continued Mr. Fox, the West - India planters need never read a newspaper or Gazette; there js no room for the indulgence of curiosity. If any prosperous event happens, as the taking of a sugar tlland, their loss is evident; since thereby the value of the growth. of their plantations is diminished. If, on the contrary, an act verse accident takes place, and that any of our islands be taken, the planter shares with others in the loss. Mr. Fox was against the importation and use of prize sugars for another reason. He was unwilling to encourage an idea that seemed to be of late but too prevalent, that we might make the loss of our territorial polTcffions, and of other advantages formerly

by

A 1781. DEBATES. % i

enjoyed, by plunder and depredation. The war had on our pvt become in a great measure a predatory war. But the incidental advantages and acquisitions gained in this way would never be a i ' uftkient foundation for a regular and permanent manufacture. If there should be an end to the pre - fern war, ( of which he saw not any prospect ) and that we should regain our islands, or gain any others, there would be indeed an increase of the commodity in question, but there might be a more enlarged market. In the mean time they were to act upon the principles of good faith and justice to all the different descriptions of British subjects.

He observed, that if our manufactory was decaying, from the lots of our islands, and consequent want of the commodity, to allow the importation of prize sugars could at best only be a temporary and precarious remedy; at the conclu - fion of the war, such a resource must necessarily fail; and, in the mean time, plunder was not an eligible balls of trade.

He admitted indeed, that the sugar manufacture in this country was going to decay; the reaion was natural, we were lof - ing qur lugar islands. But we were not to restore that manufacture by ruining the planters; who, presuming upon the monopoly, had laid out their fortunes, in sugar plantations, and who consequently mult be ruined if they cannot get as extensive a market for their commodity as their plantations and expences require.

In the course of his speech he observed some geltures of Lord North, from which he predicted that he should have the honour of agreeing with his Lordship on this occasion, and jestingly declared, that he should not be too severe on the noble lord’s measures in America, for fear of losing so valuable a support. He concluded with trolling that the House ipould not, by a hally decision in favour of the petitioners, drive the planters to desperation.

Lord Maitland observed, that the planters and refiners were Lord Ak; r - not the only persons who ought to be considered as parties be - land fore the House; the consumets undoubtedly claimed the attention of Parliament. When the noble lord in the blue ribbon laid his late tax upon sugar, he said, that though it might be foppoled to bear hard upon the planter Hill it would, in, jthe end be paid wholly by the consumer; as therefore the burden of freight, insurance, and tax ? fell ultimately on the con - flimer, it certainly was the duty of Parliament to adopt every expedient to give relief to so great a body of the community.

He contended that it was not incumbent on the sugar - refiners so prove that the Welt - India planters vyquld iuifer no loss ' frpra

C

PARLIAMENTARY A, lylt.

■ from the present proposition being carried into effeCf, becaofe it was not incumbent on them to prove a negative. That the question which the House ought to consider, was, whether the situation in which the planters were now was not equal, perhaps better, than it was some years ago. He afierted, that the planters, instead of being losers in all evchts, as Mf. Fox had alledged, were gainers in all events. He bore a warm testimony to the truth of what had been advanced with regard to the downfall of rents.

E « rl Nugent. Earl Nugent was clearly of opinion that the whole difprrte between the planters and the refiners of sugar originated in ' mistaken views of their mutual interests, which were undoubtedly the fame. His Lordship illustrated this petition, Sit considerable length, and made a digression on the invention of the manufacture of sugar. Would to God, said his Lord - ship, that sugar had never existed. It is a luxury which is procured to the Europeans, and their descendants, by the blood and sweat of thousands of their fellow creatures.

But, continued his Lordship, so it is, that sugars are mat nufactured, and will be manufactured. And while we pit the poor negroes that are employed in their cultivation, we mult own that sugar, though not absolutely a necessary of life, is yet now become so common among all ranks that it could not be well sparcd. His Lordship concluded in favour of the sugar - refiners.

Mr. T. Mr, T. Townsend declared, that his mind was open to, and

YtwnfetJ, desirous of information on this subject. There was no other bias, on it than what there always was, a bias to prefer the public good to every private consideration whatever. He tatt acquainted with many of the West - India planters, and h$ beheVed he might boast of enjoying mai ) y of their friendships; x As to the sugar - refiners, he disclaimed all acquaintance or connexion with them.

_ Having said thus much, he begged leave to observe, that

after the various arguments which he had heard urged in hi your of the sugar - refiners, and some of which he repeated, he thought the honourable gentleman near him ( Mr. Dempster ) not founded, when he said that there was no reason forgoing any farther in this business. He endeavoured to ffiew that the matter at least deserved a full and deliberate difcuffiofl; and with regard to the popular argument against such a diP cuflion, taken from the advanced season of the year, this at4 gument could not come with a good grace from those who ha$ itarted and encouraged the discussion of the tedious East - Indta business. Mr. Townsend took notice of die great hopes wf

might

4 i ? 8r DEBATES.

might place in our fleet,. when fix ships of the line had swept the land ' s end, and carried off the St. Eustatia fleet, and when naval affairs were fentruffed in such hands as those of the first lord of the admiralty.

Lord North was very pleafifht upost the respectable affi fiance Ld he had met with this night from gentlemen on opposite fide of the House. He would not, he said, shew himself so far insensible of that ash fiance as to make a long speech on the present occasion. He would, as well he might, spare himself that trouble, and the House an exercHe of patience.

/; His Lordship began with professing, that after finding his fendments oflerted with so much ability by a gentleman with whom he was not often happy enough to agree, he should nbfc fb wantonly trespass on the attention of me House as to argue very difiufcly. He could not, however, coincide in all thehosrourablegentleman ' s opinions, particularly he could not grant shat the desired regulation was of a nature in no cal ' e admi&ble, or beyond the power of Parliament; the tponopoly which fubfiffed Was not established indeed by any fintutes or written agreements, hut a monopoly which was constituted and rendered sacred by the arrangements which had been effahlished and had invariably taken plaGe in the publiccondudt of the nation. It was not such that the legislature could not break through it without violating die public faith of the kingdom; but he maintained that, until there shouW appear a joeceflity for destroying the monopoly, it would not be politic to do it, nor perhaps just, when the tax upon sugar seem - ed to have its basis in this very monopoly, and con Sequent ly encouraged the planters to think that it was in some m ifure founded in law. The scarcity and dearth of sugar, his Lord - ship took notice, did not ante from any combination, which it might be expedient to dissolve, nor from any permanent QEtufe of scarcity and dearth, but from those temporary causes which had beeen enumerated by Mr. Dempster and Mr. Fox. The unfortunate capture of the outward - bound fleet last year had retarded the arrival of the West - India fleets this; but there was good reason to hope that a fleet would fbon arrive from the West - Indies, which would greatly lower the price flf sugars. The honourable gentleman, whom he had in his eye had addressed, to him what he no doubt confijered as an Mgmmintum ad bomlnm, when he said that he had given charity to the West - india gentlemen with one hand, and laid a tax on them with another. To this he would only answer, that whatever merit or demerit there might be in this, was immutable not to him, but to Parliament. He said, he had

not

4 3

. North *

0

AH

PARLIAMENTARY A, 17

not yet forgot the habit of opposing Mr. Fox; he would therefore, although he was this night on his own fide, ob - ierve, that he thought him in the wrong f < A" blaming the captures we had made at sea, which he presumed he did, when he applied to them the terms of plunder and depredation. His Loruship, by way of apology for not permitting the captors of sugar to have their prizes fold and manufactured in Great Britain, said i that they were not at such pains, expence, and xifque, in obtaining their sugars as the planters were in raising and fending sugars home. He said tlio more valuable die prizes the less danger there was in making them. Though, on the whole, the manufacturers of sugar might suffer at pre - i ' ent a momentary distress; though their manufacture deserved every encouragement, and they themselves were a respectable body of the people, yet would it not be wife policy to break through the colony - laws, by which the Weft - Indiaidarids had l ' o long prospered, and whion, he hoped, would soon be once more in a flourishing condition; the cauies of their prefest distress being not permanent arid fixed, but temporary and casual, and from which there was a good prospect of their be - ’ ing soon relieved.

Mr. Aid. Mr. Alderman Sawbridge said, he had now little hopes of

s wbridge, carrying his question. He perceived the bent of the House notwithstanding the strange coincidences that seemed to tike

place among the different members; yet he thought it his duty to declare what occurred to him on the present fabje& after having heard so many speakers. There seemed to be two different opinions on this subject Some gentlemen were not forgoing into the question now; others were against a diL cuflion of it at any time$ on each of these. opinions Mr; Sawbridge animadverted. The objection from the time of going into the question, he removed, by observing, that other business would necessarily detain the House for a longer space than would be sufficicient for the dispatch of that business; and as for those who were against going into it at all, he pres - fed them with this, among other arguments; that those pet fons who had laid out their money in sugar manufactories had drawn only 3 per cent, for it whereas they might haw had 5 or 6 from the Bank. The noble Lord had given no

cogent. The West - India islands surely could not cop themselvesas injured by the sale of prize sugars for a. ibaEC time in this country. They were fenfihie that they coukt not themselves supply the kingdom with all that was wanting

■ reason for denying the motions that he thought in any d

for

JL• ' ! > ' £ ] B A T C S *

f r our foreign markets, and the cfueftion was whether they would wish to adhere so rigidly to the monopoly as to rain the trade of this - country in that article. Surely their own interest as well as that of the refiners required that they should pveferve the fame channels which they now enjoyed, and not suffer the trade to go into other hands.

Mr. Eftwick spoke to the following effect : in rising

to offer my sentiments. to the House upon the present occasioa, 1 do so under circumstances of much perplex ity to myself; for, Sir, ( independently of other confident tiensj the Colonies having no representatives in this House but on the contrary a seemingly determined spirit of oppref - fkm prevailing against them, I am well aware bow idle and nugatory k would be - in any individual to set himself up as an advocate for them, in opposition to the interests of those who have their representatives 40 this House; and the more especially too, as that advocate might be considered as being actuated and influenced by views and motives of a private and partial nature.

Wfehrefped, Sir, to the Colonies having no representatives in Parliament, what measures have been hence adopted, and what e#c& produced, we all fee, we all know; and except thofcwbo have derived advantages to themselves from these meafores, we all feel misreprescntations, misconstructtbns sacrifices of the national interest, of the foreign commerce to the little, narrow, felfUh, internal views of the private trader are among the a As, the fatal consequences of which this country has so much to lament.

And, Sir, as a proof of this, there needs no better evi *, dunce than the case that is now before us ? It is this : One of the fiift representatives of the commercial interest of this kingdom, supported by his colleagues, I mean the members for the city of London, has thought fit to introduce into this House a petition, not only innovating upon a parliamentary system of plantation - law, the wisdom of which the expei fence of a long series of years has manifested and confirmed; but by such innovation to open the door of ruin which has been so long kept ( hut, upon the only branch o commerce that is now left of value to this country. And Mr. Speaker, for what purpose ? For the purpose mediately as a bate to catch this House with, of a little, inconsiderable temporary revenue; but immediately for the purpose of gra - tifying the avarice and rapacity of an unjust combination of individuals, because represented in this House; for the benefit and advantage of a few of the honourable gentleman ' s

Vol, IIL ' lit trading

t

' P ARHAMENfAR Y A, 1781 *

trading constituents in the city of London, though, Sir, manifestly to the injury and oppression of at Jcaft fifteen hundred thousand other persons, whose i rite rest 3 are meant to be sacrificed by the adoption of this petition,

. Such then. Sir, being the circumstances and fate of this case, it may be well supposed that 1 do not mean to enter, if it were even regular in me to do so, into the long detail of fa£ ) s that have been reported to the House by the committee upon the petition that is now before us. Nor, Sir, is it my intention to trouble the House with any arguments, either political or commercial, upon the subjectc matter of the peth tion itself; for here too, Sir, as an additional objection, having been accustomed to view the policy of this country as ever acting in subservienev to its commerce, and not, as at rrfent, its commerce in subserviency to its policy, ' in fueba field of argument I must confess 1 am by no means prepared to enter. * *

Bur, Sir, at the same time that I have said this, at the same time th : 11 feel the unhappy situation of the Colonies in this House; yet. Sir, confidenng, as I do, the object of this petition, not as a mere point of commercial regulation but as a case of policy and a matter of state; when I refled that the exclusive righ of the British sugar - colonies to the Britffb markets, for the sale of their sugars, is founded ott the faith of the nation; and that upon that faith being grounded the right which this House exercises, and exercises too with so heavy a hand, of imposing duties upon the sugars of those Colonies, the violation of that exclusive right isaa a&uaKand direct breach of the national faith; when I consider that this exclgfive right is by no means an act of gract or favour, but a com pad of mutual and reciprocal benefit and advantage; that it was given on the one hand as sn encouragement and security to the planter for this employment of his money in the cultivation of the colonies, and received on the other as a recompence for the maintenance and support of the trade and navigation of this country; and that therefore to take away the security, - after the condition of that ftcurity had been performed, is not delusion only, but a downright, palpable, and unqualified fraud; I say, M ' « Speaker, in this state of the case, and under this point of view, however represented these petitioners may be, however Unre - prefen ted the colonics are, there is I am still left to trttfr and to hope another principle in this House besides the priori -

p *

A 178ft ' D E B, A ' t £ Si 497.

0

pie of representation, which may and will rife superior to every consideration whatever. I mean, Sir, that principlepf just ice by which the faith of the nation is to be preservedi tad upon which the credit of this House depends, t A nd now, Sir, resting this matter upon this ground, I leave it where it must be left, to the wrfdom, to the justice, and to the policy of the House. I leave it to the faith of Parliament, which is, as I have said, already pledged against the measure that is now propofedl I leave it. Sir, to the word and honour of the minister. I leave it to the arguments t > f the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, upon a late occasion, arguments which the House must remember, and the npble Lord cannot forget; arguments that are decisive against the prefeot petition, though accompanied, as 1 am sorry to add, with other arguments, which, without the aid of this peti - ' tion, 1 fear, Mr, Speaker, have already decided the ruin of the West - india islands.

Sir, 1 beg pardon for trespassing upon the time and patience of the House; but, Sir, seeing this petition in the light which I do, not only as setting up a private ioterest against the public good, but in so doing, as making a direct attack upon the faith and credit of this House; for in this House I must repeat, the colonies have no representatives; but, as a representative in this kingdom of one of those colonies, whose veiy existence, as a colony, connected with this country, is threatened, by thi9 petition; and, on the other hand, as a •member of this House, anxious and solicitous for its faith and credit I feel it a duty doubly incumbent upon me to refuse my countenance to a petition which is as improper in itself as it ought to be inadmissible in this House,

The question being then put, 44 That the report of the

committee on the petition from the sugar - refiners be now re *

, ferred to a committee of the whole House, " there appeared for the question 62; against it 142.

This division being over, a convention arose on the subject of the bill, this night moved for by Lord Beauchamp, for amending the Marriage - ad,

Mr. Fox rose, and begged of Lord Beauchamp to inform Mr. ft *,

him on what day his marriage - bill was to be read, a second lime. He acquainted the House with the reason of this inquiry, which was, that he thought the ad now to be explained deferred their most serious attention. He wished it was possible to recall all the arguments used in support of that very impolitic law by which the rights nature were I i i $ tyrannic

PAULIA - MBNTARY A. 78

tyrannically circumscribed, and impediments thrown in the way of an institution which every wife legifiator should fe - 1 dulously encourage; when it waa predicted by the opposerf of it, that its consequence would be rendering marriage - contracts insecure, and introducing endless litigations between families; it was replied, this is impositble, for every mail may look in the ad, and fee at once what marriages are legal and what the contrary, the provisions are too plain to admit of different constructiona. But how had this been verified ? Thousands had been inadvertently betrayed into illegal marriages, and innumerable suits might be instituted to try thdr validity; so that the peace of individuals would be ( baleen, and Parliament be obliged periodically to pass acts, something like those of insolvency, to legalife such nuptuals as had ' amprovidentially been made. Of this nature was the pretest

bill, and if gentlemen would thoroughly attend to it, they would fee at one view the necessity of repealing an absurd statute, the mischiefs resulting from which had been innumerable, white every good consequence the legiflacute had in view was constantly defeated.

The Speaker informed Mr. Fox that the bill waa to be read a secondL time on Wednesday.

The Lori The Lord Advocate rose, and attacked the honourable gen -

Advocate, tlcman for indulging, as he said, his hereditary hatred to the Marriage - ad so far as to forget that not one emendation bad ever been found necessary since it passed, nor one iH consequence discovered till those which gave rife to the prefen t bill. However, be did not mean to anticipate the argument on the second reading, or debate a qu eft ion not now before the House.

LotiSvrny. Lord Surrey made a similar reservation of his argument on the subject, but ' could not help rising to profess his disappro bat ion of the Marriage - ad. The restraints upon marriages, which did not exist in that country the learned Lord cams from, heobferyed, were severely felt in this; and consider - ipg how much a matter of convenience or interest the connubial state was grown by these absurd laws, marriage itself hardly deserved a better name than legal fornication.

Afy, 3p.

ftp Ala. Mr. Alderman ’ Sawbridgerole to make his annual motion

ganhidf *. for shortening the duration of Parliaments. The honour able gentleman said, ' that after having so often, without fuc - ccfs, made this proportion to the House, he could not entertain any fangtfrie option of the favour it would find in the

A 78 *. DEBATES *.. 4 9

ppefont instance. Bui he was so convinced of the utility and the neccifity of the measure, that he would persevere in the motion annually during the period of his parliamentary eXr iikoce, in the hopes that that which was right, that which was expedient, that which was wife, would at last be adopt, ed. He concluded with moving his usual proposition.

Mr. fVitkes seconded the motion / f Mr. Wtik *.

Mr. Charles Turnersaid, be could not confect to give gMr. Sbrsw

silent voteon a question of so much importance. Without this measure he was fully of opinion it was impoiEble tQ bring back the constitution to its proper energy, and takf from the Crown that enormou % overbearing influence which was so destructive and insupportable.

He would declare his opinion, that septennial Parliaments were. a state stratagem, a court trick, to rob the people of V

their rights Parliaments were made septennial by way of a Security against the Pretender, But there was no fear of a Pretender if the King reigned according to the confutation and in the hearts of the people. The people would replace their confidence in that House and in his Majesty ’ e roinifters, when they should be restored to their just rights ana privileges, which he sincerely wished they might be.

On a division the numbers were,

Ayes — — zg

Noes — — 59

A petition was presented from the East India Company, complaining of the late resolution, and praying to be heard by themselves, or counsel, at the bar.

It was ordered to lie on the table.

Colonel Hartley now rose to call the attention of the Hous ? Colonel again to that important subject, which he had taken the li - berty of offering in a former year, conciliation with America,

It would be altogether needless for him to go into any argument to prove the importance of that consideration. The House had been taught, by what they had suffered, by what they had felt, and by what their constituents had expressed, to know that the continuance of the American war was grievous and alarming to the bulk of the people. The honourable gentleman went into a variety of arguments to prove the necessity of impowering his Majesty’s ministers, and in - struding them to come to a negociation towards peace with the Colonies. The event, in his opinion, was not impracti « pable. From the circumstances which had been stated in a Jbfmer year, and which stili existed, it was known and be - 1 lieved

I

3d PARLl AMENT ArV A. 1781 ;

iieved that there was an opening for an amicable settlement of our differences, and by which America might be detached from her present allies. It was the duty and businessof mitt tilers to take the advantage of this possibility, and court and meet the friends which we still had in that country, and pro *, mtte a reconciliation if it was in their power He ( faced tharthe ministers did not seem inclined to take advantage of the opportunity, and it was necessary for Parliament to interfere and to {hew that tt ere was a disposition in the legiflarore of this country to meet America on the ground of conciliation. For this purpose he moved c < That leave be given to bring in a bill, to veil the Crown with sufficient powers to treat, consult, and finally to agree, upon the means of re storing peace with the provinces of North - America. "

SSr - P. 7. Sit Philip Jennings Clerke rofc to second this motion, which

G 1 * he said, he greatly approved. He touched ( lightly on thd nnpofiibility of ' subduing America to unconflitutional fub - jniflion, and derided the declaration that had been made at the beginning of the present unhappy contest, by a noble fc~ cretary of slate, which was, that while Britain had a ship thafcould fwiin, or a man able to carry a naufket, file ought never in found policy to abandon her pretensions to domi niori over her Colonies. This system was still the favourite one, and that it might be pursued in all events every fuc - cess of our arms, across the Atlantic was magnified, while fell our cli ( ' afters and Losses were shaded and extenuated. Th$ v late advantage gained by Lord Cornwallis in Virginia, on which he preiumed great stress was laid, he fancied was not of any great importance. Yet such trifles had perpetually the miserable effect of buoying up our spirits above the con - clufions of sober f$nfe and reason. He was much ( truck with a recent faS : a fa£l which marked the character, principles, and views of the present dminiflration with regard to America. It should seem that unconditional submission oa the part of America is still their object. For Lord Dtm - more ( of whom he meant not to say any thing personal ) was about to return to his government in Virginia; a man whole public conduct had rendered him obnoxious to the inhabitants of that country, and who could never hope to recover any power or influence among them, but by means of power that might overawe them into submission, and conquer them f > y fear, and not by kindneis. ir Philip did not suppose that ju ? y minister, a ministerial man, could defend the propriety

C.

A 1781 DEBATE S.

of opposing the motion by arguments however they might oppose it by votes.

. A pause here ensued, and the minifhy ieetned indined to »

meet the motion with a silent vote.

Sir George Savile rose, and represended this condtift as ex - £ir GAevit ceedingly improper and unbecoming It was a business of the mmost importance, and such as ought to engage the tpost ierious consideration of every part of the House : and He ' was aflonished to see the minister fit in sullen silence, and nof deign td signify his opinion or His intentions on so important afobjt&p the had waited to the last moment in vain, cxpedU ing to hear something from the opposite fide of the House.

The Honourable Baronet went into a detail of the various and contradictory opinions and measures which had been adopted and held by government with respect to the American war. First, it was declared to be their design to reduce America to unconditional submission, and the country geitn ttemen were promised that the burthens of this country should be lessened by drawing a revenue from that. First one of these principles was abandoned and then the other *

We then were fighting only to preserve the supremacy of this country. Every objedfc for which we struggled was at ooe time abandoned, and at another resumed. The most strange and opposite opinions were held, and the fame mini - stet who declared that nothing short of unconditional fub - ffiiffion would content him, had the effrontery to come down to the same place where he had made this declaration, and propose to the House to give up every object for which this country had ever pretended to conteli. 1 ’ he honourable Ba - < fooet urged the necessity of the plan now proposed for the purpose of furnishing ministers with such powers as were necessary to enable them to profit from any opportunity than might present itself favourable to conciliation.

The conduct of the ministry recalled to his mind a col - le&ioo of jarring maxims by Dean Swift on k > ve, religion, and politics. He had in every season, bright and gloomy, tried to induce ministers to make peace with America, but ic seemed that, " all seasons, all places, and their change, all pleased alike" to them, or rather displeased; for did any thing adverse happen we must not expose ourselves to a - fmrepilfam. But did the fun shine upon us; did we gaia any trifling vi&OTy; oh, wemuft not flop short in the mo - meat

' ' * * 4 t

. 1

49 PJlRILrAMH ] NX4RY.

bent of victory. He Goocludod with an earteft appeal to

the House to agree to the motion/ tord Norths L&id, th&hehad n6t felt the necessity of riling to speak to the question proposed by the honourable gentle man, as He uadedttod it to be a tolerable general maxim, that when a fabjeft had been repeatedly difcufted, and the lento of the House taken and known upon it, it wai ’ not CommOiX; to debate it again, but to proceed to a vote Thit proportion had been twice moved in two successivt sessions, Hot indeed in the present Parliament, but the prctont Park ament was composed, in a great degree, of gentle men Who were members of the last, and who were perfectly acquaint ed with the merits of the question. It was undoubtedly very true, that it was a most important topic, and it could not besupposed that ministers treated it lightly. But storely it was nugatory and useless; for ministers were already in possession of all the necessary powers for treating and concluding a peace with America, if America should at any time shew a disposition to meet them oh that ground. .. The prefect commanders were invested with full powers to treat, consult, and agree on the means of conciliation. There were, indeed, certain referred points which must come afterwards. to be settled and concluded by Parliament, but these aeftnred points could not impede nor prevent a conciliation if there was temper for such an event in the people of that country. There was yet another argument for opposing the present motion, and it was that which, weighed most of all with hit Lordship, the patting such an act of Parliament, as was described in the motion, he was fully persuaded, would place the prospect of peace and conciliation at a greater distaace - than it now was, and defeat, instead of forwarding its own object. After this he trusted it would not be expected that he should say any thing more on the motion.

Mr Tut, - Mr. Fox laid he would not go at large into the question. He only rose to speak to one or two points. In the fhft place, the noble Lord had been pleased to say, that the Crown had sufficient power to make peace with America. This, the honourable gentleman said, he must deny, and on the contrary ailert, that the Crown had not power, iuvdtal in it to settle any one matter in dispute between Great - Britain and America. Not a tingle thing incontroversy between them could be adjustedby the Crown. The noble Lord had indeedkt it drop from him, that there might, to be sure. Be referred points for the consideration of Parliament. But what were 2 those

L,

DEBATES.

those referred points t They were, in fast, every point that wm to be settled. The motion was therefore necessary, if peace with America was really and sincerely intended; and that t}ie Crown had not power, without the authority of Parliament, was too clear to be contradicted. If the Crown bad that power it was pretended to have, it surely was a question well worth considering, why the minister had come tb Parliament for an act, giving power to Lord Carltilc nd the rest of the commissioners to go to America, for the purpose of making peace. If the Crown had power, why were tjte commissioners not sent out, without coming at all to Parliament} Was it merely for the pleasure of obtaining an of Parliament, to do nothing at all ? Was it because the thing itfeflf was one of those {plcndid and brilliant acts that was to cast so bright a luster upon the annals of this country } or did the consequencesthat rciulted from it, upon the commissioners ’ arrival iri America, point out the necessity there was to have come to Parliament for the appointment of so iUoftrious and important an crobaffy

The honourable gentleman begged leave to contradict the noble Lord. The Crown had not the power of making peace with America, as with France and Spain apd Holland What were we then at war with, America ? Is America then recognised as an independent estate ? No : you are at war, not with America, but with your revolted colonies in America It is not a war with an independent enemy in which you are. engaged, but an attempt to qualh a rebellion, to fuhdue an insurrection. By an act of rarlia ftteqt, no Massachuset trader dare come into any of your harbours. Can peace be restored without repealing that a ft ? and can that act be repealed without the authority of Parliament }The present hostilities commenced in consequence of the Prohibitory - aft, as it was called, passed in the year 1765. It was that act that made the war with America, We were therefore very differently situated with America than we were with France and Spain. The Crown had never made war with her, but the war was brought on by an act of Parliament, which act of Parliament mud necessarily be repealed. The present motion was therefore a necessary preliminary to the opening a door fora reconciliation. J maintain, continued Mr. Fox, that there is not one point in dispute between Great - Britain and America that can be settled by the Crown, without the confejit of Parliament, not one point; so that the noble Lord’s referyed points compre - Vox. Ill, K k k hend

3

PARLIAMENTARY A.

bend all the points in question. The rebels in America were declaredToby an act of Parliament; and through the whole course of the contest this portion had been held, that against the authority of the British legislature they were contending; surely then if was not competent in the Crown to decide on the privileges of Parliament *

When the noble Lord contends that the King’s servants have already as much power as is require for treating with America, I can act ' entto the declaration fays Mr. Fox, in one sense I can assent, that the Crown has as much power as the i ' ervants of" the Crown have will to treat and conclude peace with America; but that they have power is false. Did they not come Vo Parliament for power when they sent out the complifttonest ? and is not that authority which was granted for a limited time now expired, so that matters are exactly now as formerly ? But the noble Lord chooses, on the present subject, to speak indefinitely It is often inconvenient for the noble Lord to speak direct, to matters of fa& o > to answer such questions; and therefore he commonly amuses the House with general proportions; for there is not in the House, nor in the kingdom, a greater matter of language than the present Chancellor of the Exchequer, or one who can make a better discourse upon any subject. If it were possible faiefthe honourable gentleman, for his Ia -, jetty’s ministers toenUerinto a negociation with America Without knowing the mind of Parliament it would be a mean artd inljdious artifice, and would induce the Americans to reject all terms, since they mutt know ', that whatever terms ministers might offer, could not be binding without the sanction of the British legislature.

With regard to the opinion the ministry entertained of the present tttuation of affairs in America, whatever they might think some few years ago, sure he was, they did not in their own minds believe there was the least profpe£t of their now mending in our favour. The noble Lord in the blue ribbon who talked so very fluently, and affected so much candour, would be put in a very aukward tttuation were he to be; asked the question, for in answering it, he would be obliged to contradidfc fafts which he had again and again asserteiL As to the noble Lord, he was a man of experience; he was a man too naturally inclined to moderation and mildness. Whence then was he induced to be so strenuous a supporter of the American war ? Whence was his inclination to tha$ war deducible ? He might put an answer in Lord North ’ s

mouth

A * 78f DEBATES.

mouth from an Italian poet, " My will to execute this deed is derived from him who has both the will and the power to execute it : Piu lo domandare. Aik no farther questions. The noble Lord, who fat near the first lord of the treasury, ’ was, he observed, iefs accustomed to amuse his audience with general speeches, and therefore came more directly to fiatts. That noble Lord ( Germaine ) hadsaid, that the Americans, having once reje£tecl the proffered terras of peace, Jtad not any right to any others. Unconditional submission was therefore what he, and others equally fangukne, conr tended for. Their condufl and theit sentiments were at leaf ! entitled to the praise of consistency; but the conduct of the noble Lord in the blue ribbon was at variance with his sentiments.

He would not say we were not likely to fpcceed in our en - tefprize against America, though the ' rioble Lord knew it in his own heart that all our hopes were at an end. Yet wc had of late met with many victories; we had London Gazettes Extraordinary we had firing of guns, and we had illuminations all over the town. The honourable gentleman was exceedingly poignant in his animadveifions on these kind of vistones and rejoicings, and reminded the House « f the great triumph minifly. made when Charles - town was captured, though he had flaked his reputation that such a conquest would never affe£l the American cause. 1

He then gave a narrative of the proceedings of ministry towards America finee the year 1775 : certain conciliatory proportions were then made to them, and the noble Lord, according to a French saying, paid with his person on that occasion; for he repeatedly had pledged his word, as a gentleman, that he would never agree to any proposal that might be made hereafter for granting the Americans better terms, and no doubt the personal declarations of a person of his lordship’s birth, rank, abilities, and fortune, were ©bje£ls of great regard; they were made on the occasion alluded to, left the Americans should imagine, that by persevering in refinance they might obtain better conditions. But after all these declarations, his lordship had, in the year 1778, brought in a bill to Parliament, for enabling commissioners to propoi ’ e the mofl extravagant terms to the Americans terms by which they would have had the power of taxing England, while their pwn country \votfld uot have been taxed by the English Parliament.

Kkk a He

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

He placed him in all the situations in which he had flood within the iaft seven years in that House; and said, that his ▼erfatility arose from motives highly unbecoming. Tho ministers found it necessary to protraCf the war, to avoid every tendency to pacification, because they knew that tho American war was necessary to their continuance in power an4 place. They sacrificed honour and duty; they facti - ficed the interests, and perhaps the existence, of their country to the temporary gratification of their avarice and their ambition, in the enjoyment of the places and honours which they now held, and which were so connected and interwoven with the American war as to depend upon its existence. The minister then knowing this fad, knowing that he lived, and must, die with the American war, had encountered fhani < and embraced it, in order to its continuance. He had been forced into all those vile measures of contradiction and ab - furdity which had brought infamy on the present age, and would bring ruin on posterity. There was no accounting for the credulity, the servility, and the meanness of Parliament, in either believing or submitting to receive all the monstrous and incredible stories which they had been told by the minister in any other way than by referring to the means which influence poAcHed; the emoluments of contracts and the profits of a loan. It had no doubt been the Itudy of the minister to tell his friends, that their payment, like his own bread, depended on the American war. The American war begot extraordinaries; extraordinarics begot loans; loans begot douceurs; and douceurs begot members of Parliament; and members of Parliament again begot all these things. There was a mutual dependence among them absolutely inseparable. Thus the power and the security of ministers was generated by that war which was die ruin of the country.

if any one should alk the minister out of the Housecon ccrning the majorities he found, and he should be inclined toanswerthe question fairly and directly, he would immediately say, i{L ) o not I give them an extravagant loan to divide amongst them r" With the King the minister was continually feeding the ' royal ear with a, notion, that the inllant he made peace with America his power would decreale J - Iis Majesty was taught, and he was afraid too successfully taught, that power was preferable to popularity, that the former was a solid, a substantial, and permanent good, worthy the embrace of a monarch; while the latter was nothing

more

L.

437

A. 1781. DEBATES. -

more than an high, empty founding name, full of nothing, and the mere glittering of the day.

These were the notions the present set of ministers were repeatedly infuiing into the royal mind, impressing him with an opinion, that whenever the American war ended, his power would end also, when in fa& it was their power only that would end. The power of the sovereign would know no period with the American war. It was grounded in the constitution, "and would live and fall with it. With the members of Parliament the noble Lord held a language that wap as easily to be guessed at.

Here he personated the minister conversing with some dependent member of Parliament, at his levee, on thelubje& of continuing the war; supposing that any remonstrances Should be made on that score, what would the noble lord say I " Why, you know that this war is a matter of necessity, and not of choice; you fee the difficulties to which I am driven, and to which 1 have reduced my country; and ycu know also, that in my own private character I am a lover of peace. For what reason then do I persist in spight of conviction ? For your benefit alone ! For you f have violated the moll sacred engagements ! for you rejected the suggestions of conscience ana reason ! for you a thousand times forfeited my honour an$ ) veracity in this bufinefi ;, and for you 1 muA still persist ! Without the American war I shall have no places, no emoluments to befiow, not a single loan to negotiate, nor shall *. 1 even be able to retain this poor iituation of mine that I have thus long held mo A disintercAedly. You fee me now in themost elevated situation, with the disposal of places, and penflons, and with the whole power of the nation in my haiids; but make peace with America to - day, and to - morrow Ishallbe reduced to the level of private hfe, retaining nothing but what is merely personal of all my present advantages.

u If you do not vote with me, fays the noble lord, against a peace with America, how am I to give you any thing. It is true, that my situation as miniAer is a respectable and elevated situation, but it is the American war that enables me to give you douceurs, and ro put into your pockets eight or nine hundred thousand pounds by a loan. Put an end to that, and you undo all. My power \yill he miserably lessened, and your pay as miserably reduced. As to myself, why, I am perfectly indifferent about that; I get a little, and it is my happiness that a little, thank Heaven, contents me. I therefore cannot be supposed to caie if a peace takes place with I America

43 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

America to - morrow, as far as I am personally concerned; but for your own fakes do not let such a thing come to pass. Nay, were I to go out of office, a fttuation J never courted, always disliked, and heartily wish to fee rid of, still 1 hope the American war would be continued. Such pathetic reasoning could not fail having its effedfc thus it was the noble lord induced members of that House to fucrifice the interests of their constituents, by proving that their own interests were eftentially connected with the prosecution of the war. Was it impossible therefore that peace with America could ever be obtained but by a is. uunciation of that system which the present ministry had, with so much fortitude adhered to; and hefe was another ohftncle arising from the noble 1 " '

that ! with that which has been the glory of the present reign, which has extended the dominions, raided the reputation, and veplenished the finances of my country. No, for God’s fake Jet this be adhered to, and do with all the rest what yon please; deprive me if you please of this poor situation; take all my power, all my honour and consequence, but spare my beautiful system, O, spare my system ! "

The honourable gentleman could not suppose any one amongst them, at this time of day, of so miserable an imbef cility of nature as to think any thing could be done effectually against America. Yet the House appeared as much as ever inclined to prosecute the war, and upon the fame ground as formerly. They, as well as the noble lord, were yet averse to peace. The noble lord had stated his veracity as the prosecution of it. Did any man dispute his intention of earning it on. If any man could be do weak what would tie noble lord himself say ? Why, recoiled I have appointed Lord Dunmore governor of Virginia. Good God 1 then, canyon suppose I have a serious idea of peace, when I send out to that province a man as obnoxious as ever came from America.

The American war was continued upon the opinion of men whose interest it promoted. Mr. Galloway had told the House at their bar, that five - sixths of the people of America were in the interest of Great Britain, others had laid nine - tenths; yet what had we been able to do, although those nine - tenths of the people had an army to assist them. If Mr. Galloway had told the honourable gentleman this he would have asked him what he did here ? and why he was not with the friends of government in America ? Ministers were so egregiously simple, perhaps, as to credit his report; but

beautiful system ! he would

would

439

Aiy i. DEBATES.

would ariy other roan in his senses be of the fame opirroA 5 what, five - sixths of the people amicable, and yet not a blow struck its our behalf, not one visible symptom of loyaky thropgh the continent ? It was thus that the government q£ this country was abused by a set of men who lived on it credulity. A lift of American refugees, receiving pensions, bad lately been called for, and refuted; it was politic in mi sifters to keep the lift concealed, and not to inform the public what men they were supporting; at the fame titne, however, he must confess, that there was a description of American fuffcrers to whom the bounty of Parliament was well applied, he meant those who really had been martyrs to their principle, and been driven from the continent by an unfortunate attachment to the British government; any charitable ' donation to characters of this kind he should be the lad to condemn, for however much. he might differ from them in political opinion, he felt them entitled to a large share of companion and some honour; like those, who from similar misguided attachments, have been compelled to drag out their fives at St. Germain’s or Rome. But too many of those who were now pensioners on British generality, as sufferers in the Colonies, were men who had once been most vehement in the American cause, and only left it when from some mistaken ( peculations they thought it on the decline; renegadoes of this ciafs were now the chief favourites of admintft ration, and were employed to write libels on characters the most unimpeachable of any in the kingdom. One of them had the fiAgular audacity to villify a near connection of his own, a lieutenant - colonel in America, representing him as a traitor to his country, and directly charging him with using his rank in the army for the purpose of carrying on a correspondence with the enemy. There were persons brought up in their country’s service, and labouring unremittingly for the public good, exposed to the venom of wretches paid by ministry for the calumny they circulated. It was in return for the part he had acted in Parliament, and his firm opposition to the American war, that the person alluded to was marked out, by the hireling pen of a refugee, as a proper object of detraction. He reprobated in most severe terms the authors of those calumnies, but laid they were not so despicable as the men who employed or who believed them.

If any one had gone to the Pretender after Ill ' s retreat from this country, and had tofd him that nine tenths or even five - sixths of the people of England were for him with a power *

ful

L. ooQ [ e

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 178T.

ful army on the spot, ready to co - operate tth them, and the King of France had been applied to for assistance, the honourable gentleman could not suppose that Lbuts XIV, would have bteriYo egregiously stupid as to have given aoy, but that he would have replied,

♦ MIf there are nine - tenths or even five - sixths of the people

on the Pretender’s fide, and a numerous army to ( land by them, there surely can be no occasion for me to fend an artny into England to put the Pretender on the throne. " This was the mode of reasoning that Louis would have used, and this was the mode of reasoning that a majority of the Hoofe of Commons ought to have used upon comidering of Mr. Galloway s evidence.

After all, what had been the case ? Had the British army yet eftefted any thing ? If the ministry should be asked what fbrt of an army General Washington had, they would reply that his army were, without clothing, that they had exhaofted their provisions, had neither powder nor ammunition, imd were nearly reduced to nothing. But if they were aiked, What fort of hoops Sir Henry Oimon had, the answer was uniformly the fame. O I they were fine men every one of them; the very flower of the army; well fed and well clothed; furnished with magazines and all forts of ammunition; in high spirits, flushed with the successes they had met with, and panting with a thirst of future glory.

If they were to be asked too, what fort of generals the British army had, the answer would be, that they were the bell in the world, deeply experienced, and enterprising in their nature. And were the Americans lb } O ! no, their commanders were another fort of men, no military knowledge, no reputation, nor any skill to be found in any one of them. This was what the ministry would say; and yet, with £ll these fatts, what had wc done ? Though the British army had been every thing that pride and valour could wish them; and though the American troops were every thing that could excite pity in an enemy, yet this very wretched army had not been subdued, but yet withstood, and bid defiance to this fine, formidable, and spirited British army, which had alfi > nine - tenths of the people of America with them; so that it was really, t least, a matter of curiosity to know how it came about that the whole of the British troops, with nine - tenths of the people at their command, were atvid and Overpowered by only one - tenth of the people of America, and a wretched and diipirited army only to support them.

: with

A. 1781. D E i ' f E V

With llich experience then before them what could be the reason why the British Parliament {till persisted in this war, and were so credulous as to be duped by such wretches as Galloway. It might with justice be done with respect to this, as it was often in books, where, instead of giving a long explanation, there was a marginal note on particular passages in which the reader was desired to cc such a book. " So it might lie e be laid, as a full and comprehen - live explanation of all the servility and all the submission of Parliament, u Fide the loan. " Why have the House followed the minister through all his contradictions, and why do they dill support him in this war } Vide the loan. " Why do they llifle inquiry, prevent detection, and destroy the be Refits of responsibility ? " V the loan. ’ It was a full answer to every thing that could be alledged agairifi the Parliament in point of their servility and their acquiefoence.

There were men who taught very pernicious ' doctrines, men surrounding the throne were anxious to inhnu te that the power and prosperity of the Crown were distinct, and opposite to those of the subject. Such men alledged, and it was indeed « a truth, that in war the power of the Crown is greater than it is in time of peace. But the power of thd Crown, if not so great, was more glorious when it retted in times of peace and prosperity in the constitution and on the affections of the people. It was the virtues of the Sovereign, which by conciliating the esteem and grateful affection of his subjects, was the hrmeft foundation of his power; Wfiat cause had we now to hope that our arms would prove more successful in America hereafter than they had done formerly ? Did niinitters derive courage from the reports imported from Holland, of a second action between Lord Cornwallis and General Green, in which the former General hid been victorious r We had had abundance of victories last year; we had been covered with laurels *. The thanks of the Hbnfe had been voted to different generals and admirals, to Lord Cornwallis, to Sir Henry Clinton, to Admiral Arbuth - not, to Rodney, and God knows whom ! But what did all our victories avail

Act r all, he did not fee any reason to think it would bd doing any good to carry the question before tKej House. It would, at best, be only adding more responsibility to thd Crown, and give power where there was no will.

The noble lord in the blue ribbon could not, in fact, tnakd peace with America. He dared not do any thing of the kind; Vol III. L 1 1 - H *

P AlttI. AM£NT A Y A. i; u

He had been a gentleman born, bred a man of honour, and bad lived in these habits of life that precluded him from shewing himself after he had violated his word. What was the filiation in which Lordship flood ?.

In the year 1765, when his Lordship came to the House for the Conciliatory - bill, he explicitly and repeatedly declared, that farther than that he neV er would go Yet this very fame Lord, this first Lord of the Treasury, this oftenfibt Minister, had himself come down to the House in the year 1778, and moved for the bill which sent out vLord Carlisle and the other commissioners to America, to make an offer to her of taxing herself. This the noble lord had done; the very fame minister that had, upon passing the Conciliatory - bill, affirmed, in order to get it passed, that he would never go beyond it. " Some gentlemen ( laid he ) may object to this Conciliatory - bill, under a notion that I will come afterwards and move for something more; but in order to remove their scruples upon that head, I am a gentleman born, a man of honour, a great minister, in whom Parliament may confide; and I here pledge myself that I will not, upon the facrednefe of my word, ever go farther than this conciliatory - bill. "

Tnis Lord, howevdr, did himself, in the year 1768, go farther, and appoint a commission to give up the dependency of America. As to a peace with that country, the honourable gentleman did not think it at all probable this year, or the next, or this time seven years, or even fifty years hence, if the present system continued. The noble lord did not dare to make peace; he had pledged himself to the House to bring the Americans upon their knees, and lie had not candour enough to confess himself in a mistake.

The honourable gentleman very finely pi&ured the different and contradictory ntuations in which the ministry had flood. In the first outset of the American war, what was their argument ? Shall we give up the trade of America ? No, they could never think of that, the trade was too valuable to be loft, but when it was loft, their tone was changed, and then it was only taxation that we were fighting for.

Soon, however, trade and taxes were given up, and then the whole contest was about the dependency of America, which we were told was on no account to be yielded. Yet after all this, the independency of America must be granted. The honourable gentleman deplored that the war was to bepto - fecuted, that poor men were to be plundered of the : earnings •£ their industry, and the rich abridged in the enjoyments of

A. 1781. v DEBATES. 4

We. ' He looked upon every tax imposed in consequence of the War as nothing Ifefs than a robbery of the public. r Lord Dunmore at first was said to have talked of nothing but submission : by and by he altered his ton and said that the continent of America would never be recovered without the affections of the people; but that these would loon return, for the child would he glad to return to the parent.

But his return to his government looked as if there were an intention not to conquer the Americans, for that seemed im - possible, ( the whole almost of that people entertaining the most fixed and rooted aversion to the British government ) but to exterminate them : for, while there was a guinea in Britain, or a man to go for a foldidr, there Teemed to be a resolution to carry on the war, even until Britains and Americans should mutually fall by each others swords.

If the war, after all, was to be pursued, it would be a great satisfaction if either he, she, or they, as his honourable friend,

Mr. Dunning, had on a former occasion called the advisers of the war, who recommended it, were to be sent to explain his.

Her, or their motives; for however admirable the noble lord in the blue ribbon might be in explaining things, it was as awkward with him as it was with other people, to explain a c6ndu6t that was not their own, but which they were obliged to adopt and puffue.

The honourable gentleman concluded this long and animat - td speech, with saying, that the American war would never end while the present lyftem continued. But that the moment that system mould be changed, the good of both countries would be consulted. He pronounced the American war to be as unjust in its principle and as absurd in its prosecution as it would be ruindus in its conferences, and that he therefore ihoald vote for the question under con fiderat ion.

Sir H. Houghton said, that the abilities and eloquence of the sir //. former speaker commanded the attention of the House even \o a subject that was trite and beaten. For his own part, he hnd not such abilities as might enable him to a like indulgence; yet could he not be wholly silent when he heard foirie of the affections of that honourable gentleman. Were there such wretches around the throne, as had been described by the honourable gentleman, men who ventured such do&rincs as that ttie glory and prosperity of the people were not the glory and prosperity of the sovereign, he, for one, would not countenance or support such wretches. But assertions were hot proofs, misfortunes were not crimes, ' surmises were not evidence, on which men could either actor forbear acting. Every

. man

jf4$ PARLIAMENTARY A. ij&i;

man, he presumed, acted accordiDg to the evidence on the subject before him. For his part, relying on what appeared to him very respectable authority, he was persuaded, that a very great par$ *. that a majority of the inhabitants of North America were willing and deftrous to return to obedience to the British government. Many of those corps that had beef} raised, with an intention, on the part of those who had givtq prders for raising them, that they fftould join the rebels, had, as soon as they were completed, come over to the British army; and every where in the /outhern provinces, corps were forming for the defence of the loyal inhabitants again ! ) the usurpations and tyranny of Congress. He was of opinion, #n the whole, that the House could not agree to the present motion, unless they were ripe to lay that they might fefeijr withdraw the army from America. This, in his opinion, they could not do. For the army, that kept the American and French armies at hay, being removed, they would poar their fury ggainst the West - India islands, or whatever part of the British empire they should think the moil vulnerable.

Lord Ceorit Lord George Germaine laid, it was impossible for him to lit ftrmeine. longer iilent, and hear gentlemen calling upon minjfters to put an end to the American war without suggest ing, or even attempting to suggest :, how the war was to be put an end to ! To bring the American war to a conclufton, in a manper honourable for this country, must be the Wiih of every man, who had the least regard for the concerns of his fe ! low - foh - jedts, the least regard for his own interest. Though gentlemen were extremely forward to recommend peace with America, they never attempted to suggest the means by which so deftrable an objedf might be attained; they were ready to fur - niih the Crown with ample powers to treat; but not to point out in which way those powers might be exercised : y t the one would be useful, the other was entirely superftuous; for the present powers of the Crown, notwithstanding all the honourable gentleman had advanced, were extensive enough for concluding peape, were there a dispofttion in the Colpnies to open a negociation. He always had been of opinion, and Hill continued to be so, that the conciliatory bills no longes continued in force, nor pould the propofttions offered by our comm flioners be now obligatory on Great Britain; for the other party not acceding to them, there could be no mutual ' -. convent ion to make them a permanent bafts of treaty; but in this, as well as in all ori ) er. cases, the one patty not being bound, so neither could the ’ other. He confidfcred, therefore, that act of the Tgit ) ature totally void, anf ) that its operation

had

A. 1781, DEBATES,

had ceased with the return fc > f the commissioners; but by the, prohibitoryitfelf, from which the honourable gentleman had argued that the kgiflature muA be consulted in making peace, a clause was contained, giving sufficient powers to tha Crown for every purpose of pacification; for it was enabled,

" That his Majesty might, by his royal authority, declare jmy province, town, or district, returning to its allegiance, to be within his peace and protection; and that, from thenceforth, al ) restrictions, prohibitions, and penalties imposed thereon, should cease. "—Under this a£ of Parliament, therefore, a peace might be concluded by the King alone, on any term but those of independence; now he presumed it was not the meaning of the honourable gentleman who made the motion, that the Crown /houl$l be impowered to make America independent of the British government. Parliament could, not yet be ripe for a coqcession like that, and If not, the bill moved for could give no powers to the Crown of which it was pot already pofl efled.

The honourable gentleman had accused ministers of a wish to protract this war; an accusation, to credit which, it was neoeffory to believe that they were destitute of feeling, honour, principle, and common lense; for surely no man could have Inch. a thirst for power, an ambition so very preposterous, as U > he desirous of protiailing a war attended with so much trouble and misfortune. The very calamities of die nation, 10 often urged against ministers, might in this case be their exculpation; for, he would repeat it again, that they must ’ he abandoned in the extreme, ar ) d loll to every sense of honour, if they could wish to involve their country in ruin for the wretched advantage of retaining their places, and that too in this very troublclbme conjuncture. But in Head of this, he would presume to say, their sense of honour and integrity were as strong as those of any gentleman who opposed their, meafiices, they had at le flt a right to have it admitted, that they had the honour of their country as much at heait as others, and that they had also an interest in the strugele. They had something to sacrifice or to save; they had a flake in the hedge; they had some property to lose as well the gentlemen on the other fide of the House; their private fortunes were considerable, and in ruining the public they ruined them - solves. If not therefore deterred by a sense of honour or. principle, interest itself would refirain them from sacrificing. the welfare of their country; and ns they unquefiipnably thought that a peace with America was desirable; the opportunity of making it only, and not the will, was wanting.

The

446

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The ? honourable gentleman had ridiculed the idea of our having friends in America; but notwithstanding this, he still, believed, as he had always done, that a great proportion of the inhabitants were inclined to a compromise with the mother country, on the ground of allegiance. But it was asked, why, if that loyal party are raoft numerous, do they not openly in favour of this country ? To this the arnwer was obvious; because the loyal inhabitants are unarmed, and the opposite party were armed, arrayed, disciplined, and in pof - {eflion of the polls as well as the government of the country. It would surely not be denied, that a few meu with arms ip their hands, would be able to keep in submission far greater numbers unarmed and undisciplined; such was jthe danger of a man’s even evincing the slighted disposition of attachment to the cause of allegiance, that numbers for no greater faults, had been imprisoned, condemned, and executed. Could it then be expected, that men should give any manifedation of their loyalty at such eminent harzard of their lives; or could it be fairly inferred, that they were difloyally affected, because ip such circuit fiances they were not active in our favour ? It was evident, that without towns or entrenchments to receive and protect them, it would be madness for the bed af - fecled subje < Sls in America to declare in our favour; and it should be observed, that the inhabitants had not towns or forts in every didri6l, for they were so incumbered with woods, and interfered wish rivers, that they were feattered distufely over the country, often at great didances from any place of drength. Mean while they were narrowly watched by committees, which presided in every quarter, and nar - ' rowly inspe£led the conduct of those they deemed dhaf - fefled persons.

His Lordship next adverted to the honourable gentleman’s mve&ives on Mr. Galloway. He could ashire the House, that the gentleman alluded to was not the character repre - fented; but had come over to our cause because he disapproved the claim of independency; he had concurred in every measure of America not inconfident with her subordination tathe Ciown of Great - Britain, but as soon as lhe asserted her independence, bad openly expressed his renunciation of the cause, refused a feat in Congress, and put himself under the prote&ion of the commander in chief at New York; is far, therefore, as a man afling upon these principles could deserve the good opinion of Parliament, Mr. Galloway, was entitled to it *

Hi *

44J

A 1781. DEBATES;

His Lordship now defended admiriistration from a dharge adduced by Mr. Fox, that of their promoting the American war for the purpose of making the King absolute. In answer to this, he observed, that America first denied only her dependence on the legislature of this country, not in the Jeaft renouncing her allegiance to the Crown; Ihc therefore wished to give his Majesty a power independent of Parlia - meat, and it was that pretension which ministers relifted, in opposing her innovation. Surely then this conduct was incompatible with the arbitrary designs imputed to them by the honourable gentleman, for a troublesome contest might have been avoided, and the influence of the Crown advanced, by a mere acquiescence in the demands of the Colonies; in lieu of which, ministers dared to incur all the dangers and all the animoftty consequent from opposing a powerful party, rather than abandon the rights of the legislature in favour of the prerogative.

Here his Lordship concluded, after professing, in very emphatic terms, that though he was ardently desirous of peace with America, yet if it could not be obtained without an admiflioh of her independency, he for one would forego ' the blessings of peace, rather than give his vote for lo degrading a concession.

Mr. Burkefpokc ' in answer to Lord George Germaine for a Mr.

considerable time with his usual animation and eloquence.

He said there were but two orders of speakers that day, the country gentlemen and the ministers, and no less than the two principal of the latter had figured in that debate, and though wc were now in the seventh year of the war, had pre -, fumed to stand up and to tell that House that the majority of the Americans were loyally inclined towards this country.

If they were so, whv was the fa& to rest on the thread - bare aftertion of the noble Lord, the secretary for the American department ? An aftertion which had been repeated again and again for seven years together, and yet the noble Lord had said, that the minority awed and governed the majority who were without arms; if this were true, and the fa& were also true which the House had so often heard, viz. that Waftiington’s army were never, taking it at the largest allowance, above a few thousands; how came it that when we had not the minority, but the majority armed, that we had not long since put an end to the war ? According to the story of tniniftry we had not only the majority unarmed, but also the majority atoned; and yet the final !, wretched, starving, and spirit -

44 P ' Aft. L I A M £ N T A R Y

less ihinority armed and unarmed had effectually withstood all our efforts, and were likely to withstand them.

After putting this very strongly, and talking for force time on the boasted superiority in point of numbers of the Brt - tish forces in America over those of the TebeU, Mr. Berko infilled upon it, that the noble Lord’s argument relative to his Majesty’s commissioners, having it in their power to declare those who returned to their allegiance, in the King peace, was neither mope nor less than a renewal of the ar gument made use of at the commencement of the war, when the noble Lord had infifleJ on unconditional submifhon. In order to prove this, Mr Burke appealed to the understand - ings of every gentleman present, whether being in the King9 peace did not mean a throwing down of arms, and a patty putting himself wholly at the mercy of his Mfcjdly ? And if that were admitted, ( and who would be hardy enough to deny it, he was at a iofs to imagine ) fureljr the King peace was synonymous with unconditional submission. For what were they to do before they could be intitled to the benefits of such a proclamation. They muff throw down their arms; abandon all the principles of refiffance; return to their allegiance; and all this they muff do without any condition on the part of gpvernment; for until they havd done all this, the Crown has not the power in consequence of this clause in the prohibitory - act to declare them to btf at the King’s peace. What then is the best unconditional submission in the mod unlimited meaning of the phrade ? and thus by the candid openness of the noble Lord, the House had at lass heard it declared what was tlfe fyftttn, and what the purpose of this war; that it was uncondr tional submission, and had been so all along. If they had at any time deviated in appearance from the pursuit of this object, it were only to pay cotirt to the feelings of man, or like lofinggamefters, who will play for any thing rather than give over; but that however, they might rove for a time, they always returned to this point, as the obje£l of their am1 - bition, and the mistress of their hop '. He begged thefl ! that country gentlemen would be no longer deqeived. He begged them to attend to the declaration of a minister, and learn what it was for which they were fighting. It was not for the supremacy of Parliament; it was not for nathtntid honour; it was not for a re - union upon liberal principles $ it wa&ftot for revenue; it was for unconditional fubmHhotfJ -

Wh *

Le.

449

1781 D £ 6 A T £ S.

With great severity he animadverted on Lord George’s hav - ingsaid, " the ministers had as much to sacrifice as other gentlemen, they had their flake in the hedge. " It was true, they had so; their places, their honours, their emoluments were their flakes ? In fail, they wanted to demolish the hedge and thrtflakes of others; they surrounded their own fakes with the flakes of their neighbours; they exposed the latter to the danger, and were only anxious to save their fctfn. In other words, they wanted to make up their own fortunes out of the ruin of their country; a ruin which they had brought on *

The American war, and the continuation of the ministers in office, went hand in hand; if the former was at an end the latter mufl infallibly lose those places which they pre - tinned ' to consider as their flake His Majesty’s ministers, and the American war were like the porter’s breech and the nose of Taliacotius. There was a fympathyjbetween them, whfclt rendered them constantly dependent on each other

ct When life of parent b— - m is out.

Off drops the sympathetic snout. "

So, with the American war, mufl their places and their penfi - etis very fym pathetically expire. Hefmshed this droll fimi - le fpmething farther, and introduced the refugees who formed a part in the body of the war, and the very foulefl part tdo, for they weto to ministers what the porter was to Ta - liacotius, the breech out of which the nose was taken The honourable gentleman seriously reproached ministers for the shameful system. which they had pursued with respect to America, and he loudly called upon the House to agree to the motion by which ministers would be forced to do their duty

Mr. W. Elliot said, the motion was at least entitled to so Mr much praise, that it had been the cause of two mofl elegant and powerful Philippics against administration. the one delivered by the honourable gentleman who spoke last, the other by an honourable gentleman who had spoken earlier in the debate. Mr. Elliot said, he should oppose the motion as frivolous, and not likely to be attended with any good whatever; this aflfertion he supported by flating, that when the act for fending out commissioners was originally brought in, he was flrortgly against it, being convinced that it was merely facriticing the honour and dignity of this country, Vo *, III, M m m without

459

PARLI A J NTAR ' V A - Cff8 *

tyithpnt the froalleft possibility of prodpcipg the l ijl adr ▼antage or benefit. At that time he did not oppose ttl b cause the streatp ran ftroqgly ip its favour ., JJe byd, nowr ever, fqbmitted very relu&laptly, and fipce thp event ©jf that a ft had turned out exactly as he had, at the time to Which he alluded, thought it would turn dut, he saw no reafop for making a second expenmept, which. would only

Ur. T. incur a second disgrace,

frtunjbvtd ' Mr, T. FownJbend f id, if it was true, that two Philips pics had been uttered against administratioa by his hopQ0£ir able friends, he Would venture to say a third Philippic likwife been delivered against mipiuej s rahd that was, the speech of the honourable gentleqian who spoke last, wj ) ifh certainly, though different in form, stile,. and ipahqer is much a Philippic as the other two, ana as feve, re a sure upon the condpfl of t; he. noble Lqrd in the blue ribbog as he had ever heard in that House s for he had declaredihat fitting upon the Treasury - bench as ufqal, he had seep tbp minister introduce, and carry through that House with a high hand, a bill which he at the time foresaw Would be idle, nugatory, ' and disgracefpl.. He begged - it plight be ppejpbered that it was possible for that honourable gently pan to fee such a bill go through the Hpufe without laying a word against it,

Mr. Townshend took occasion to animadvert of IjWfr Galloway’s conduct with great Severity, declaring that of till the memories he ever had met with, he had never heap} of or found so pliant and extraordinary a meipory as that of Mr. Galloway, They had heard that gentleman at tfcw tar point out hypothetically every military movement ao4 manoeuvre in the power of the apleflt general to

execute, but when he came to answer questions of a raprf simple nature, and was aiked how by voted on this opcasion in Congress, and how he vo ed of anqther, Mr, Gajloway # memory all of a sudden forsook him, and he could make, reply. In particular, when Mr. Qalloway was asked, whe

$hcr his pension was during pleafuroor for life ? it was more than he was able to answer. Mr. Townshend played with this idea for some time, and said, hp did not belicre, if th fame question were put to any man who now received a pension from thp m ’ mister, whether for iervices performed within that House pr without doors, there would bf theleaftdpmuf. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1

.. .. .. .. - At

A. 15 ' £• 8 A t £ Si Igi

At Itiigth the questiotl was put, and the House divided *

Ayes —— 72

Tsdts 106

Older of the day being then read for the House t6.

take into their cdrifidOratien the report of the committee Oil the Gold - bill *

Mr Eyre rose arid in & short Speech bpposed the bill. His Mr. Ejr thief arguments Were, that it Would ope. h a door to various frauds, and in particular that it would operate as an incitement tb melt guineas, since thete Would evidently result i pWffit of three - foutths pet cent. upon melting the gold coiri ibr the purpose of manufacturef

Ibrd Ndrthvery candidly declared, he did riot ftel thet *.

frill fbtfce of the honourable gentleman’s arguments; but thought it Worth while tb inquire how far it was likely to operate in the manner flated with regard to the gold coin. His Lordship went into a minute and masterly detail of the Whole fobjefr, pointing out the difference between the Mint gold which had an alloy of hiver in it, and market gold,

Which Was always alloyed with copper by the manufacturer.

His Lordship concluded with declaring, that if the nobid Laid who brought in the bill, could prove that the objection Would not lie; and that all the alarm felt on account of thfe idea, that it would be an inducement tp melt the gold coin.

Whs merely imaginary, he should be for the bill; but if the Objection wis founded, and the alarm real, he should, not - WKMhtnding the other obvious advantages held out by it, be dgaittft it.

tord Mahon fald, he would join issue with the noble Lord L4.

Iff the blue ribbon on the condition just flated. His Lord - flfit1 then proceeded to rinfWer the obje&ibn in three different Wry I all tending terprove that It Would not be for the inter - the manufacturer to nielt the guinea.

"f Mh Bnflth, jut ). Lord Nugent, Mr. Sawbridge, arid Mr.

HWfey ' took pati in the debate } and at length the House dSvidedt

Ayes 2d

Noes 55

ttie full Wai consequeritly lpft.

• Attorney General reminded the House, that after the

fate Hbts, an act passed for indemnifying goalers, in which

S ’ 1 ere was a clause, by virtue whereof all those who should ftender themselves to the marihal of the King’s Bench

M mm2 prisonj

PARLIAMENTARY A tW

prison, or the warden of the Fleet, should be afterward Suf -

fered to remain at large, and be protected from future ar rests until the prisons should. be ready to receive them. By that act it was also provided, that when the above prisons should have been fitted up, and made ready for the reception of prisoners, a proclamation should issue to call upon them to flirrender; which proclamation was to be obeyed within a certain number of days, and which he believed would shortly be issued. The Security from ar rests, and the hopes of qualifying themselves for the benefit of an insolveat - aift ) had induced a great number of persons to surrender in con Sequence of the above aft, 4000 to the King’s - Bench, and 2000 to the Fleet It was impossible to make room for above one - fourth of thele numbers; and as there wot mnong them a great many persons who were truly defrrving of companion, so he was delirous to Telieve them; but he wished allb to confine the relief to those only 1 for he knew jhat a great number of persons had lurrendered themselves merely in the hopes of being considered as prisoners, and thereby obtaining, the benefit of the first act of insolvency : as their views were not honest, he was determined, if he could, to disappoint their hopes : the actions on which thej had been arrested were friendly ones; and he was confident, that as soon as it should be known, that surrendering upon such actions would be of no avail, the courts below WQold hear no more about them : he was convinced that he was not deceived in his opinion about those actions; for he coold say, from good authority, that many of them had been ifloed, and surrenders made upon them, all in the space of four hours : Now, as it was his intention to bring in a bill for the relief of debtors, lb it was his intention to distinguish between the unfortunate and the fraudulent debtor, who bad ‘availed himself of an act that a public calamity had made necessary, in order to defraud his creditors; he therefore moved for leave to bring in a bill for the relief of iofolvent debtors, arrested on or before the 7th of June, 1780. The motion passed without any oppofltion *

Lord Beauchamp then moved, that the bill for amending the Marriage - aft be committed 3 and the Speaker having left the chair.

Sir P. J. CIerkewiflied to have one difficulty explained away.

By the late decision in the Court of King’s Bench, the parish which had disputed the legality of the pauper’s marriage,

had

A 1781 « ID £t B A T E S.

had been freed from the expence of supporting him and hi a family; and the bill then in the committee, declaring children born in the fame kind of wedlock to be legitimate, the parish would be obliged to maintain them, consequently would lose the benefit of the decision, obtained after much expence.

Lord Bemubamp said, that the difficulty had occurred toLori Bta \ him jilfo *, and that he saw but two ways of getting rid it, without burthening the parish; one was by excepting ppor Theophilus Jones and his eleven children out of the provisions of the present bill, which he was convinced would ( hock the honourable gentleman’s humanity; the other, by voting him or the parish a sum of public money; and that yvas a circumstance to which he imagined the honourable member would not consent j in a word, the expence the parish had been at in prosecuting the suit had been but about 30 or 40 !. and to his knowledge the parish was large and opulent, and could1 very easily bear the charge.

Lord Mabon proposed to introduce a clause, by which, Ld. in future, it should be lawful and legal to consummate marriages in chapels as well as in parish churches.

Lord Beahchump objected to this clause, principally becaufemora Beam he wished to fee this bill clogged with as little new mattert/ " ?. as portable, in order that its immediate parting might not be prevented. This was necessary on account of the many Instances of a similar nature to the present, which required she instant interference of the legislature.

If the noble lord’s clause was inserted, and he should be obliged to go with the bill to the other House with that iclause in it, he was sure ( as the clause in queilion would af - fipft the diocese of every bishop more or lcls ) the bill would Save to encounter the objections and animadveriions of the whole Bench, and so much difficulty would arise, that in all probability the bill would not be patted this fession; he ad -; yifed the noble lord therefore to consult the bishops, who Were the proper persons to be consulted on his clause; and, if they thought it adyifeable and proper to have the sanction of parliament, to make it the subject of a new bill next sessions.

Mr. Baker gave strong reasons in favour of the clause. Mt. BaUn

The Atttorney - General strenuously supported Lord Beau - The At t - champ’s objection to the clause, and said it was the profeiled "7 purpose of the present bill not to meddle or interfere with the Marriage - aft, whereas the noble lord’s proposed clause virtually repealed that act, and could not fail to occasion thp

lose

4

m

PARLIAMENTARY

lofg of the bill. He therefore advised die noble lord not td

press it upon the committee.

Mr. Courts Mr. GdurUney, inaftrain of sarcastic irony, attacked tb®

principle and tendency of the Marriage - aft. He ( hid, th® noble lord’s hill was evidently designed to counterflft thefpiJ rit and intention of the legislature in framing the marriage v aft bf George II. for by the drift construction of that asst,

which appeared by the late decilion of the King’s bench, the legislature intended to prevent all hasty, incormderate, rash marriages 5 probably induced, by experience and livifdotn, 10 Counteract their fatal effects both on individuals and thtf public. Now, by the strict and legal construction of the Mar xiage - aft, every man married in the chapels described in thd noble lord’s bill might legally get rid of hie wife hridchil dren; which was undoubtedly the design and int ntibrt1 of those who framed the Marriage - act of George II. feut thl < amending, explanatory bill, legalifed all such marriages, and obliged the husband to acknowledge his wife and maintairi ’ his children, however contrary to his own wishes and indU nation. He strongly urged the duty of the HoUfe to reject the noble lord’s bill, because the framers of the act of Geo. lL wifely threw as many obstacles as possible in the way of matrimony; and confrdering the miseries usually attending ' wedlock, the obvious purport of that act was judicious, fa - lutary, and laudable. Some people indeed thought, that as population should be ’ the great object of the legislaturc, matrimony should be always encoultfged, arid rendered open and facile to all ranks of people, especially in a free country, where it is not so necessary that hereditary vices and blo - mifhes ( mental and corporeal ) should defeend to the lalc$ posterity. He declared, that no partiality or prejudice to his countrymen, who were supposed to haye remedied many national defects among the great and nbble fafjiilfes of England ( by pouring new blood into the constitution ) should ever induce him to adopt furfl darigerous principles as if might be extremely proper fof great families to confine the circulation of property to their Own rarik; for *. If they one loft the consequence infepatable from riches, they could boast of no other qualification to distinguish them from the vulgar. He said, the noble lord’s amending bill was a libel oh the Marriage - aft, and Would bring it into disrespect and contempt; many he knew condemned it; and Scotland boasted that by opening her hospitablfc arms to crown the wishes of the panting amorous couplesj she checked the tyranny of the

mar *

if8f, PENATES. 4

wrriage ad ( that foe to virtue and population ) as ( he had before checked the progress of the Romans, in their attempt to reduce and eniOave every part. of Britain. He then, in the fame ( train, paid feme compliments to Lord Beauchamp ) and said, hpwever erroneously he acted, he was furst his intentions were good; the noble lord he added, was induced to snake this : dire ( t - attack on the Marriage - act by coafidding it as not congenial. with the principles of our free and glorious constitution; he might think, perhaps, that a mixture of ranks by the virtuous, legal, and honourable tit of wedlock, was mord confbnant to the spirit of our government and genius of the people. The noble lord might think, : that a onion between the sexes, a legal and virtuous

union, ihoutd be encouraged, instead of being re ft rained by the representatives of the people; that licences mould be ealily procured j that the parson should be always ready; and that,

No&ts atqtuditS ) putts atri janua ditis

would be no improper poesy for a wedding ring. The noblf ( p; d might think.

Far other maxims formed our ( late.

All others mixed of low and great,

. Oompose th harmonious frame;

Firm hath the mighty fabric stood,

And Britain boasts ter mingled blood In many a death® name.

■ Thinking in this manner the noble lord had intended to acte in contradiction to the wife tyranny and prudent oppression of ariftoratical pride and avarice, His Lordship might be ip j8ie right; but, as it was contrary to the measures of ParliaT tttent, which surely rauftbe wife, he did not believe that the " Jfotife would agree to it.

[ Here Mr, Courtney was called to order by the chairman and other members. ]

Lord Mahon said fuel ) arguments had ( bmething so ludi - Ld. crous in them, something so different from what ought to be the serious temper of Parliament, that he did not choose to ftnfwer them, nor ever wopJ < J offer a reply to men, who, upon the most serious fubie&s, turned everything into jest and ridicule. His Lordship proceeded to argue in support of his fclause, but declared that such were his good wifnes towards j e noble lord’s bjllj that sooner than endanger its success in

LjC le

5 M PARLIAMENT ARY A. 1781.

tfic other House, he would even forego pressing hi clauie upon the committee.

The bill at length patted the committee.

. The order of the day for going into ' a. committee on the commission of accounts bill was then read. On the question for leaving the chair. Lord North moved, " That it be an instruction to the said committee, that they have power to receive a clause, or clauses, for referring to the canfideratkra and examination of the commissioners, the several accounts of extraordinary services incurred and not provided for by Parliament, which have been laid before this House, since the first day of Janurary, 1776. " fob BsnS. Colonel BarrS rose, and said he had been given to under - ttand that the noble lord intended to excuse himself from keeping his promise, with respect to the moving an instruc - tion that the commi dinners be directed to turn their attention to the accounts of the army extraordinaries, and that an account of the commissioners having already examined several of the fub - accountants now in England, of whom, in the common phrase, they could make neither head nor tail. The Colonel after expressing his surprise at the nbble lord’s having changed his intended mode of proceeding, complimented the present commissioners, and declared that they had very great merit. Their reports in particular were drawn up with a clearness of exprettion, a propriety and simplicity of language and stile that w s mod adinirabht adapted to the subject. But with all his respect for. the cAmittioners, and though he ' jronfidered them as very worthy and able men, yet he coukl hot by any means agree that they ought to be employed ia this buttness. The noble. lord was highly blameable in suffering them to proceed in a buttness which he well koewthey could not do any good with. Ought they to be embarrassed with an inquiry into the expenditure of bat money, marching - money, and other military, below the ootice of

commimon of accounts. He represended the noble lord for having expressed his amazement at the largeness of the amount of the e traordinarjes, and yet at the same time declared that no body was to blame. He pointed out the amount of the charge for provitton for the army in America, in the years 1776, 1777, 1778, 1779 and 1780, shewing that although we had in fa& as large an army there the second year of the war as at present, the amount was at first ia 7776, but between 3 and 400, 000b whereas in 1780 it was 900, 000b and upwards} more than double the amount

C.

Art&t : Dfe fe A f fe Si 45

of the charge for 1777 and 1778 put together. He said that there wa9 no method of ascertaining the real number of the array but by looking at the floppages, and it was from thii that he spoke, and could assert with truth, that there were fewer men employed now than formerly although the expence ’

Was greater. He advised that the account of the eight millions that had been sent to America should not be referred to the commissioners. They could not investigate the secret iropositions and the frauds of that account, but it Would take responsibility from ministers without elucidating the account or satisfying the public. He particularly desired to know when that eight millions would be accounted for Nq person was so fit to give an account of those extraordinaries and be Tefponfible to the House as the first lord of the Treasury because no person had it so much in his power to force the servants of the Crown to make up their accounts, and an - fWer for the expenditure and application of the money. It would be a much more profitable employment if they were to be confined in the fir# place to an inquiry into the contracts made at home for supplying the foreign troops. If any Other mode was pursued he should consider it as an attempt to sacrifice the commissioners, and to delude the public. He Jnoved an amendment to the instruction, by adding words td this effect, and particularly for inferring the word, u immediately. "

Lord North rose, arid answered the Colonel He declared Lord that the Colonel had miwten him; he had never said that nobody was to blame; vmat he had said was this, the eitra - ordinaries of the army amounted to a sum which astonished him, but that he would not impute blame to any man. The enormous amount of the extraordinaries was ground of fufpi - cion and consequently of inquiry; but God forbid that he should possess so unjust a mind as to impute blanks to any man, before it had been proved that he deserved it Other gentlemen might be less scrupulous, he hoped he never should. With regard to the embarrassing the commissionera of accounts with an inquiry into bdt - money, n\arqhipg - ino - ey, or any other triijing articles of military expenditure he had no such intention; bqt why should the commissioners be limited at all ? Surely hey had proved their judgment, jtheir integrity, and their ability sufficiently, to be entitled t < j Z&. as their own discretion should direct. He did not doubt, jf the matter was left at large, without limitation, the com - piiftion rs who had akeadv given such fari&faction to the Vop. Ill n a Houi ' ej

4S& PARLIAMENT ARY A lySr;

House, would continue to act in a manner equally Satisfactory. With respect to the word " immediately" he had not inserted that, because it would be going counter to the original intention of the bill, which was, that the commissioners should first inquire what balances were in the hands of public accountants, and could most speedily be paid into the Exchequer. That part of their duty they had not finished, and they desired to get through it before they proceeded to any other. The honourable gentleman had asked, when were the eight millions to be accounted for In answer, he mud reply, when the army accounts were made npand passed, which might not be till the end of the war ? ( This occasioned a laugh ). His jLordship said, he was not aware that be had laid any thing ridiculous; and after some other observations, he concluded with a declaration, that he should oppose the amendment.

General General Burgoym rose, to exculpate general officers from

Burrojnt ' the charge of being tardy in getting ready their accounts fer settling. The General declared, that the day after he landed in 1778 he lent word to the Treasury, that he was ready to settle his accounts immediately; but they were not yetpafled. He said, farther, that a fub - accountant, with whom he had made a contract greatly in favour of the public, had been in town ever since, till the last week, when he went abroad but before he went, he came to him, and said, he hoped he would not take it amiss, but if his accounts were not speedily settled, he should be under the nectffity of commencing a \ suit against him for fix and thirty thousand pounds.

Lord Kurd Lord North explained th ’ is, by flating that the Treasury ir had taken infinite pains to settle the chim in question; but the fast was, there was a difference between them and the Auditor of the impress, they not agreeing together with regard to the fairness of the amount of the claim.

Mr Bruit *. Boivlbyconfirmed what his Lordship had said, and declared, ‘that the cause of contention was, the claimant infilling on the full completion of his whole contract, whereas it was thought that he had a right to be paid only up to the convention at Saratoga.

Mr BgrU Mr. Burhwas extremely W ’ itty at the expence of the noble ford in the blue ribbon. He begged his pardon for laughing, but he had mistaken his serious assertion, that the army accounts would be known as to their amount, when they were passed and settled, for a very good joke; it reminded him of the o Id line, Centum eft, certmreddi From this

he went to the explanation, which the noble lord had given

• ' 1 relative

4S9

A. iy 81; DEBATES.

relative fatheTliffcrtnce between the Auditor of the ' Imprest ind the Treasury, and was remarkably pleasant upon it. He allowed that the nation was ruined in the mod methodical manner possible : secundum artem. Every separate portion of •ruin was done by the proper officer, from the first lord of the Treasury down to the lowed runner of the minidry. But here thedjfpute was between lord North as Chancellor of the Exchequer and lord North as First Lord of the Treasury. These two great ministers in the person of one great man could not agree. They differed in their sentiments about the settling of an account, the public could not by intreaty or re monftrance procure a fat is factory knowledge of the application of their money. He smiled at the thought that the Chancellor of the Exchequer and First Lord of the Treasury, who ought to have power to command those in inferior stations to do their, duty, should declare to that House that he had not, or did not £xert that power. The noble lord had at length, from his own mouth, convinced him of what he had long very strongly suspected, that a proper exertion was not used when and where it ought; and that there was a difference of opinion about the matter in the proper offices. There was great good sense, propriety, and policy in his honourable friend’s motion, but yet he /aid, he was perfectly sure that House would reject it j and that, because the majority had received proper reasons for so doing from the proper officer. It was very whimsical too that more money should be required when a less number of men were employed, Butkhe supposed the noble lord kept in mind. the old saying, " that an Englishmen would fight best with a full bellyand therefore, though we had not quite so many effective soldiers, yet they were all effective eaters, and they ought to be well fed, whereby one Englishmen might be enabled to cope with two of the enemy. He mentioned the trivial obje#fts of the, inquiry, submittedtothecommissioners of accounts, while Harley and Drummond’s account lay un~ thpugbt of in the Treasury. He wi&ed to see the time come *

When Guiscard ' s knife was marked on Harley’s gold,

and longed for the opening of the Harleian miscellany.

The Lord jfdvocate said, the honourable gentleman mud la. excuse him, but he could not help saying, he had made ufc cate of a great many words, and bad scarcely said any thing to the motion and amendment in question. The Lord Advocate lhortiy assigned his reasons for voting against the latter, and in iuppprt of the former. He said the amendment was perfectly yfeless, as it tended to do no more than the motion.

Nana Mr.

0

46

Mr. fT. Hartley.

Col. Barr/.

VARLI1MENT Alt A. ty&&

Mr. Hartley fpdke ift far our of the araeridment.

On the question being put, the amendment was receded and the original motion carried without a divisioir.

Colonel Barri now called the attention of the House tw instruction which he wished to movey and which he had inti - mated to the House before, by which he had in view to refooe the House of Commons from the ignominy and the shame of abandoning their duty, and delegating a trust which was at veiled in their hands by the moil sacred of all engagement *, that of the constitution, They were sent to that House for the express purpose of guarding the property of their constitu - ents, the people of England, and of iuperintending, checking and controuling the public revenue. They could not abandon nor delegate this trust. They could not place it in hands un *. authorised by the conflitiient body. It was an inherent etolfa - gation entailed upon them by the nature of their appoitttsntttty and could neither be alienated for ever nor delegated fora time. But this the House of Commons and the Parliament had done, and he was anxious to move the prefeitt House of Commons to a proper sense of their duty, that they might cor re& the error anlj reprove the crime of their pfedeceflors. fie warmly attacked lord North, on different grounds 3 in parti pilar, he charged him with having told the House, that th only proposition that went towards a plan of reformation, which the Commissioners had ventured to make in their it ports, was impracticable. So that whatever good was pith ? posed to be derived from this commission, was to be defeated by the minister when it of ' posed his destructive system Of influence. Hesaid, difficulties had arisen to the present commissioners, which would not have been the case had the edm snissioners been members of Parliament; in particular, tfcfe difference of opinion between them and the commissioners of she navy would neyer have occurred. He nextYeprehfended Lord North for taking all the business of that House iato hi pwn hands, and said, that he had not only nominated the present commissioners, but had also nominated fhefecrct committee to inquire into the affairs of the Carnatic. Hede ? clared likewise, that it was uniyefrfally said, that two of the jjfrefent commissioners, Sit Guy Carleton and Mr. Pigot, ha4 desired to retire, and to as chmrnissioners no. longer; fot which, as well as other reasons, he pressed it home to the House to resume their right, and no longer to suffer the public so be robbed, without their doing their duty, and proceeding so search out the robbers, and after due examination, to dng shem to public justice. fie concluded with Moving, u Th t

' ' " ' ‘•. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ' S

& 17. 81. Q E & A T; E S 46J

jt be an instruction to the said committee, that they have power to majee provision in the said bill for removing the commissioners named by the said act, and for fubAituning. other commissioners in their stead, who are members of the House of Commons ’ *

Lord North said, his ideas and his opinioaas to the propriety MrtH hnd advantage of having the commissioners of accounts eoic ployed > mder the bill, at present in force, to be gentlemen out of Parliament, had so often been explained to the House in the lajk session, and were so generally known, that it was

unneCeflary for him to go much at length into an answer to the objections that had that day been dated by the honourably

Stleman who made the motion then before the House.

e honourablegentleman had talked of the various modes of election and had even questioned the faired and mod partial mode that could podibly he devised, by saying that the secret committee appointed to examine into the date of the diiaders in the Carnatic had been chosen at his nomination.

Every body knew, that the committee in question were chosen. by ballot the auertion, therefore, of the honourable gentleman went rather to accuse the majority of the House, than to charge him with having made a nomination, which the Journals ifccwed mod incontrovertibly to have been the nomination of the House of Commons. But it had been said, that it would be more satisfactory, even for the noble lord, to nominate commissioners of accounts from among the members of that House, than for gentlemen, who were not in Parliament, to be continued as commissioners urftler the present bill. ’ *

Ip answer to this he mud say, that the noble lord, he was fore, if the commi {boners were to be chosen from the members of that House, would not wish to have the nomination of them.

And one great reason why he preferred gentlemen out of the House was, that the House might have the notninatiop of them; by which all ideas and futbicion of connection might be removed; and all possibility also of their being appointed for the purpose of influence, The honourable gentleman had also charged him with having said, that the alteration proposed by the commissioners of accounts in one of their reports, with regard to the manner of keeping the accounts of the navy, and with regard to the future conduct of treasurers of the navy, was impracticable. He had said no such thing} the honourable gentleman, probably from a misapprehension bf them, had midatefl his words. What he had said was this $ that on receiving the report of the commissioners, the Lords of the Treasury had paid immediate attention to it, and had, taken a great deal of pains to inquire by what means the ideas

• PARLIAMENTARY A. i78r.

of the commissioners of accounts might be best carried into execution. With this view they had sent for the Commis - Xioners of the Navy Board, hid cpnfulted them upon the subject, and after the commissioners had taken time to consider upon it, they had declared that the plan was impracticable Bxa&ly in this manner had he itated the matter to the House, while in a committee on the reports of the Commissioners of Accounts; and he had expressly said, at the time, that he did not pronounce the plan impracticable, but that the Navy ‘Board had; and that fometrmes the certainty of finding considerable difficulty in the way, made men think that impracticable, which, strictly speaking, if attempted with spirit, and •followed up with perseverance, would be found to be other - ' wife. ’ K [ e now repeated, that perhaps this would be found to be the tafe in tpe instance alluded to, but the objection : that had beettflated by the Commissioners of the Navy Board •was a fufccfent inducement for him to decline proposing •the alteration suggested, by introducing any clause for that pirrpofcin the present bill. nd indeed he could not but observer that the animadversion that had been made on this account, * was far from civil with regard to the commissioners of the navy, who were men of known character and tried integrity; men who were as anxious to promote the public service as the honourable gentleman, and who had on. many occasions distinguished themselves equally by their zeal and their ability in office. He was at a loss to imagine how the commissioners, being members of Parliament, would have prevented this difference of opinion. The present commissioners of accounts had ample powers to examine on oath, and how they pleased; and if their present powers ' were not Fufficient, he should have no objection to enlarge them. The fa& however was, that the Lords of the Treasury, who had treated with the navy - board, were all members of Parliament, and therefore the whole argument on this point fell to the ground.

The noble Lord confeifed the very great importance of the trufl which the House of Commons delegated, and the benefits or the injuries that were 1 keiy to flow from the wisdom or tiv folly of their conduct in this respefr. But he acknowledged, for his own part, that he saw no reason nor ‘argument for wishing that the commissioners should be members of that House, in preference to those gentlemen who ' had, with lb much credit to themselves, and so much advantage to their country, acted under this comnhffion for th ? last : twelve months, TJxere were many rcaibns why the fame

gentLjnea

L.

A 1781 D £ B A T E S

gentlemen should be preferred. They bad, in the first ia -, fiance, discharged the great and important trust reposed in them with the utmost fidelity, and not pnly to the satisfac -, tion, but with the applause of men of all descriptions ., Was it because they had lb acted, and because their labours had been productive of ( o much benefit, and attended with fof much praise, that they were now to be dismissed ? Whatever reasons he might have had in the last session, w ( hen this commission was originally instituted, for preferring those gentle - men, he now had additional cause for preference; he had the argument of experience, he had the argument of benefit to urge him to continue them. He had another confide ration.. They had entered into the habits of the business; they had. formounted the difficulties and delays which they found on entering into the talk, ( and which gentlemen would re -, member were not few nor immaterial, and which mail be felt and undergone by new commissioners, whether they were or were not members of that House, ) and the facility which they had now acquired, by the progress which they had made. Thcfc were inducements which no doubt gentlemen would feel and acknowledge, when they refie&ed how ne -, cessary dispatch was in the business on which they were about to enter. All the experience that they had acquired must be. loft. All the previous embarrafTments must again be suffered, if a new set of commissioners were appointed. All the, original members we could not have. Mr. Tternay was no more; but tfye attendance which he had given had not been, long, on account of his health; and the attention which had ] been given by the other five, had rendered his loss less mate -, rial to the public than it otherways would have been. Two *, of the commissioners, it was said, had expressed an inclina - bon to retire; Sir Gay Carleton and Mr. Pigot. It wa undoubtedly true, that when it was mentioned that this inquiry into the extraordinaries was intended to be referred to ( them, these gentlemen expressed such an inclination; Sir; Guy on account of his heahh; and Mr. Pigot on account of Dufiness. But he was happy to say, that he was author rifed to declare, that those gentlemen, from the 2eal which they had for the service, had determined to continue their; attendance, their desire of being useful getting the better of every other consideration. As the business had, for the greatest part of the time, been executed by the five cora - missioners, he did not mean to propole a sixth gentleman in th room of Mr. Tiernay. He believed, that no found o\y. jc&ion could be made to the continuance of a commission of ' 4. .. .. ... ~. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ... gentlemen

4 4

The lion,

tritium

Pitt.

PARLIAMENTARY

A : t7 > i

ccfitlemcn out of Parliament, when it was composed of men. so able, so virtuous, and so independent, as those of whom we had had the experience; especially when it was remembered, that they only gave their reports, and that Parliament was left to the free exercise of their undoubted right and power, ultimately to check and controul the expenditure of the public money. They delegated ooly the examination, and not the trust. They were not bound to agree. or to act in obedience to the reports of the commissionfers. They were to use their discretion, and take only the benefit of their fa - lutary assistance, without being dilated to or commanded in any degree. For those reasons he should vote against the motion for the proposed instruction.

The honourable William Pitt rose next to make his second essay of parliamentary elocution in reply to his Lordship. The House received him with all that ulent attention which his former difpiay of abilities, and the recollection of his tl - luftrious defeent could not fail to command; a respect that was soon overpaid by eloquence the most persuasive and elegapt. He said, it was so universally admitted on general principles of theory, that the House cotfld not constitutionally delegate any of its powers and privileges, that he wondered that any gentleman should hesitate upon a question of so important a nature for a ( ingle moment; for what was the matter in dispute at present ? No leis than, whether that House should j forego and delegate into other hands that most essentia ) of J all the various privileges with which it was invested by the ! constitution, the privilege of redressing the grievance and I alleviating the burthens of the people ! The people had called J Upon them to examine into thecxpences of the war, to fee if they could find a system of reformation and oeconomy, and if they could, to take care that it was immediately adopted _ and closely adhered to for the future; this was a duty, which even undirected, they were bound to perform; but it was i duty which they not only had uniformly neglected to discharge, but were now going to appoint others to do for them.. It was the peculiar duty of that House to watch, examine and correct the expenditure of the public money. He conceived the proposed delegation to be an absolute fur render ol that most invaluable right with which they were invested byj their constituents, and for which in particular they ware appointed. What was it that gave the House of Common ’ their importance in the legislature, their respect, and thei authority; what, but the power of the purse, every bn of he leg iflature had tbmcthbg peculiar to distinguish a

DEBATE

charaderifeit, and that which at once gave the charafler % nd Elevation of the Commons House of Parliament, was that they held the firings of the national purse, and Were intruded with the great important power, first of granting the money, and then of correcting the expenditure. To delegate thiS right then hfe considered as a violation of what gave them their chief cohtfetjuence in the legislature, and ‘What, above all other privileges, they could not surrender « or delegate without a violent breach of the constitution. The noble lord had told ' thfeity, that in agreeing to die pre - ifent bill and continuing the commission of accounts, they at ieaft IheWeil themselves not inattentive to the wishes of their jeonftittiertts, because a commission of accounts was clearly < alcufot4d to throw light upon the matters desired to be inquired into; and in answer to the objection, grounded on &e dreumftAnce that die commissioners acting under the present commission were not members of Parliament, and fcOhfequehtly that such a commission ’ did not import in any degree, a compliance with the wishes of the people, the plain language of wlpch was, - that the House would themselves Inquire into afnd redress their grievances. The noble lord Wfes fully irinpressed with the importance of this commission, he admitted its proper execution to be essential for the public nfcfeft, and that the salvation of the slate depended upon it j yet he called upon the constitutional guardians of the people 3th corirtnit into the harids of others, a trust so unspeakably kstmfequential, and be mere spedators of an inquiry which •Was to decide upon the fate of their country. The noble lord had said, that the present commissioners of accounts Wteth merely to inquire, examine, and report, and that it was ♦dferVed fot Parliament to judge, to determine, and to act that She - final deliberation was reserved to them, and they had the power to reject such measurfes, proposed by the com - ltwflioners, as they might deem inconsistent with the public •Welfare. How humiliating, how miserable a picture of par - Halttentary power was this ! So then all the power of Parli - Sterfent with respect to the Alleviation of national burthens, ’ thfe redress of grievances, the reform of expence, the oeco - Vittfhy, thedyitem, the elucidation of office, was funk into a Wlfttaceful negative. One pofrtive power indeed, an odious pfower remarried, the power of taxing the people whenever the noble lord thought proper. The power of making them •jMfyTor the noble lord wild schemes and lavish corruption. 4lF fcriy plan was formed and suggested by which thousands ' ttftajht be saved, by which the expenditure might be simpli - Vol. III. O o o fied.

( ^.

PAR, LI AMENTA A. 1781.

fied, the influence of the Crown diminished, and the respon - Ability of rninifters be more clearly established; by which the engine of government might be relieved frojn that load of machinery which rendered its movements so flow, so in trjeate, and so confused; then the House of Commons pok sessed only the ppwer of putting a negative upon every such proposition. The power of oppressing and burthening tbp people, therefore was the only parliamentary power that remained positive and active, while the power of doing good and of relieving the distressfes af the subject, was merely negative. He had often heard that the Crown had a conuitu - tional power of putting a negative on the acts of the Com~ jnons, but he had never before heard that the Commons had the power to put a negative on the wishes of the people when those wishes tended towards the establishment of a plan of reformation. He was almost going to say, he could hardly have imagined that the noble lord would have venr tured to assert as much; perfectly sure he was, that no mao else would have dared to have suggested even an opinion that approached towards such a position.

What then were the arguments on which the noble lord had rested the vindication of the House for such scandalous inattention to their business.

The noble lord had talked a great deal of the experience of, the present commissioners, and had said every thing in their praile, that the most elaborate panegyrist could have uttered; lie had collected their eulogy from all iides of the House, and had poured forth a profusion of compliments on their wonderful efforts, and the great and fuccgfsful effects of their i&r quiry. Without designing to detract in the least from their real merit, it was perfectly fair, he conceived, to examine a little what were the mighty benefits deduced to the public from, the acknowledged industry of these cpramissioners ? Theoretical principles, he was ready to admit, muftibmp - times be suffered to give way for the lake of practical advalK tages, but then the first ought never to be departed from, hut in cases, where there was almost a moral certainty that the feepnd were within reach, and would be attained. In the present case, the commissioners had examined into, apd fbuqt in their reports the amount of several balances in the hand of several publip accountants } in doing this, the noble lpnt would not, he trusted, venture to say that they ha one any more than a commission filled by members of that off ( ev s competent to perfprm In his opinion, nothing could t#

fporp

At 1781 *

DEBATES.

more degrading to Parliament than such an idea; for, by the nature of his duty eatery representative of the people IKould be capable of examining how their money wa9 expended. But were not many of them in fact versed in the bafincfsof public accounts ? In one of their reports, however, they had come a little nearer to a compliance with the prayeri of the people, and had gone so far as to point out with great humility and great deference an alteration that seemed to them likely to be attended with advantage to the people by a more ( economical regulation of office. What did the noble lord in that case ? He put a negative upon it, and that not by any par ttamentary proceeding; he did not even allow them the exercise of that power of judging and of acting, of which he had ftid so much, but he took upon himself to negative the propo - < fition of those commissioners of accounts, in whose praise he had been so lavish, and to tell Parliament, that although the com ml/fioners had pointed out the inconvenience, and even fug gelled a remedy, that he did not mean to attend, to the one or adopt the others because he had been told by a great Board that the alteration proposed was impracticable. So that the aoble lord had disregarded the report of the commissioners, a report delivered in upon oath, and having all the facts dated in it ascertained upon the oaths of a variety of witnesses, and haul preferred the loose conversation of a public Board, differing them to become the unfworn witnesses in their own cause. He had not the smallest objection to the Board of Treasury’s conferring with the Navy Board or any other, but it was a litttle extraordinary, that the noble lord should have assigned it *; as a reason for not adopting the regulation proposed, and fprnot even giving Parliament an opportunity of putting its pWn negative upon it, that he had been told it was impracti - Te by the very Board likely to be affected by the altera *

"Such Was the didrefied fitnation of this country at present, that he was aware mere form and even those, which were jnofl dear, mod essential, and mod valuable forms of parliament, mud be foregone for the fake of immediate and mjential public eafcr satisfaction, and benefit; he therefore, much as he disliked the idea of continuing the present commmoners, in preference to members of that House, so far cilfereddrom his honourable friepds, that he was ready to forjy prrfrnt bill, : even under the noble lord’s limita - Uon ©fit ' provided that immediate case fadsfaction and be *

Ct Oooa ' ncfitj

• 467

PARLIAMENTARY A.

ncfit, vtoeld refnltrfrom it to the public; but was this likely to be the case ? Let. the noble lord, and let the House remember, that it was on the noble lord’s folcrnniy pledging himself that thd extraordinaries of the army fivould be submitttdto the inquiry of the commissioners of accounts immediately that the debate on that immense claim for the present year had ' been given up If therefore the noble lotd went back from his promise, if he shifted the matter, and did not fulfil what he had pledged himself to perform, all the world nmft fee that the noble lord had cheated and ensnared the House with false hopes, and hypocritically deluded them out of that : full and fcrutinons discussion and inquiry into the extraordinaries of the army which a fbbje& of such great importance undoubtedly called for, and would have met With But the noble lord having pretended, that he himself was astonishoft at their enormous amount, and having pledged. himself, that the commissicmers should be inffcru&ed to inquire into the cause of it immediately, the House had confidence in his pro - mile, and dropped, or least suspended the inyeftication. What was it that had carried the noble lord through the present session but the promise of the reformation which thd commissioners of accounts were to effect ? and what hopes were there of their doing any good under the present circumstancet of the commission ? The noble lord has said, the reason why be was not willing to accede to the proportion, to inserttke, word u immediately, 99moved in the pteceding debate by his honourable friend, was this; because they had not yetgone \ through that ground of inquiry they had begun upon; a ground of inquiry extremely narrow of itself, and which ha j aould not but suspeff had been ftudionfly laid down by die original bill, as the object to which the; commidionejrs we first to direct their attention, by which Parliament and the people would be diverted and hlenced. And here he rauA remark, and he verily believed it, ' on his credit, his honour, and his confidence, that the noble lord meant and designedy that the commissioners should spend their time in inquiring into trifles, without going into an examination p£ any great; extensive, and important object, the H to continued deception, and to carry on the hypocrisy and deceit that had already led that House into fb many 5votes disgracefnl io themselves and ruinous to the public.

The noble lord, affecting more than commoa modesty, Mr. Bkt observed, had spoken in the third person,

Wc lord, he was sure, if tho comcnffioners were to be chosen

f 9 ® A T E ’ Sj

footer among the member of that Hopfe, \yould not wish to t have the nomination of them " This was a fiqgular remark. from a minister who had named every one of, the present, commititoner *; but, perhaps, it had; ibme ttpfti in it. Indeed he. would do the noble lord so much justice a to declare, i that if his honourable friend motion was carried, and it was agreed that the Commissionersj tp aft under the new bill, were to be chosen from among the members of that Houfd, by. ballot, be did not believe the noble lord would interfere, and make up a list of names, who on, all occasions were founds among his followers# Such a measure would be too palpable, and too graft a mockery of all justice, and alliJfrfrqefs, for the, noble lord to ventureit would be at the same time top shame~ ful an avowal of iniiuence for the noble lord ’ s. tools to submit to, pliant and accommodabie % s they were, and too grofe even for tho profligate impudence of his adherents, to defend. The. noble, lord, therefore, might safely adopt the proposition, and might rest assured, he would not be accufftd of having, ofed the influence of his. situ tiQOi to procure, a partial ballot.

The present commissioners were said to be experienced, be *, cause they bad already executed fOnsef pafrt; of; their business, and made. very accurate reports; but it should be remembered, 1 that the inquiry they had hitherto made, was of : a nature quite different fromfthat on which they were now to enter. ' As yet they had only examined into the receipts of the Exchequer and other branches of public accounts, which were recommended to their attention by the Board of Treasury aa primary ohjefts, when the commission was first iqstituted, and which were undoubtedly very Ample; but thpfe greater - and more general objects of reformation, for which a commit. Aon of accounts was first proposed, had not been touched tram. In every future branch of the business, therefore, they were intire novices, except in one article of the first dais that still remained to be examined; they had still to determine how much current cash should remain with the pjljrmatter - general; but there was time enough for an inquiry of, that kind before the expiration of the former act, and another report might still be received this session. In what, then, as to the grand objects of reformation, were those gentlemen better qualified for commissioners than members of of that House ? Not, surely, by their former, habit of life ! No one could respect th ir characters more than himself ^; but what, were thein for met avocations One was Sir Guy Carleton, aa ofS ^. of distinguislscdi ipcats butt i.. military

410

PARLIAMENTARY A. if8t,

military and numercial talents were not necefiarify conne&edf another, Mr. Pigot, was young in a profession to which he could not be thought an enemy, but he could not admit that it qualified gentlemen for a commission of thi ? kind; added to these, there were Mailers of Chancery; in short, men of aimoil every description, but of that peculiar description which belonged to members of that House, \ht men accustomed to transacting national business *

Another argument used by the noble lord was this, that a delay having occurred in the initiation of this bufihefs, it would be again retarded, by changing its conductors; for the del y had not arisen from any official neglect of the Trea fury : no, that was impossible; they could never think of obstructing an inquiry into national expenditures. But bery his former answer would apply; the future subject of inquiry differing elsentially from the past, if preparation was necessary, it would be equally so to the old as to the new commissioners; for the former would of coUrfe deliver over to theif successors all papers and articles of undigcfled evidence now in their possession.

, The noble lord had admitted, that it was true Sir Guy - Carleton and Mr. ‘Pigot had desired to retire, and that for. the reasons before Hated; 4but that such was their good wishes, such their zeal to serve the public, from a conscious ' ness of the good that had arisen, and of t ) ie greater degree of good that might arise from their prosecution of their labours as commissioners, that they had determined to give up every personal consideration, and continue to act under the renewed commission. The plain English of this argument, Mr. Pitt; said, was, that Sir Guy Carleton had determined to Have no - more ill - health, and that Mr. Pigot was determined to havf; no more business. For this, ridiculous and absurd as itwa$j was the only rational interpretation that could be put on the noble lord’s words. Again, the noble lord had boasted greatly of the experience of the present commissioners, and hid ' laid, that no persons could be equally capable of discharging the duty of commissioners with those who had been tried, who had been found able, and who had given proof of their talents their assiduity, and their integrity. He admitted that they were men able, iaduftrious, and honest; that their report ! were clear, and their attention indefatigable. But as to the ? superior abilities and assiduity; without his fcleding any of those gentlemen, whom he had the happihefs to fee round him, lardy. it would he no very difficult matter to find fix

gentlemen

L.

474

A# 1781# DEBATE S,

gentlemen on either fide of the House, to the fall, as able, a prompt, as indudrious, and as honed, as the {present coin mi goners of accounts had shewn themselves.

Mrl Pitt a ( ked whether, there would not bo more dignity, as well as more power, in, a commission of accounts filled by Members of Parliament than men of heterogeneous professions, alraod inaccessible from their place of meeting, as they fat in a commission filled by scarcely any person knew whom, or Where

After a variety of particular arguments, all strongly applicable, to what Lord North had fuggeded, Mr. Pitt resum - cd his general argument, as well on die propriety and the necessity of reformation as on the duty of the House, toliften to the Voice of the people, and do something more than follow the nibble lord in every proportion he offered, let it be good or bad, foljd or superficial, politic or impolitic He earnestly conjured them to ule their owii eyes, and to consult their own underdandings; to return to a sense of their duty to the people, to act like honed independent members of Parliament, and no longer implicitly to pin their faith on the fleeve of a minister, whose foie object it was to deceive and mislead, just as bed answered his purpose. He concluded with a pathetic exhortation to the noble lord, that he would at lead give up this point, and shew the public that some substantial, remedy was intended for their complicated misfortunes. If this commission was properly condituted, there might dill remain some hopes for the prosperity of this country, for having once returned into the path of rectitude, they might

so on progressively from one dep of reformation to another;

•utifthe motion was rejected, and the old vicious fydemof government thus in every point tenaciously adhered to, the freedom of the people and the independence of that Hdufe mud be buried in the fame grave with the power, the opulence, and the gloryjof the empire.

The question was now put, and the House divided. ..

Ay « 4h Nocs 9

Mr. Hujpythen rose, and called the attention of the House Mr. Uujfo *

to the bill on a great point, vi Z whether by the wording of itj the commissioners were empowered to inquire what money there was in the Exchequer itself, as well as in the hands x > f public accountants

L. owl North convinced the honourable gentleman, that itLd > Nrrlk W e preffly ejwftfed in the bijl ? that the commissioners of

.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ... account

72

P ATI LI A ME N T A

accent should exzmine into the state of money in the E - - chequer, as well into, the hands of the public accountants.

The House then refolded itself as in ' a committee upon the bin, and went through the dairies.

EafMndia company \ •; v - Mr. Bujfey Mr. Huffy observed, that though the second reading might •beth ' e imm proper time, yet, ’ as the very principle of the - bill militated again# the antetefts of the company, and ttfc < oundl were acquainted with the nature of ir, he did ndt fete •why they might not be heard again# the bill in the very first stage of it.

Tb tSpakef. The Speaker here interfered, andsaid, it foTely could nbt. be a questiou, but that the counsel ought to be heard upon the •second reading of the bill.

Utp Eanhsi Mr, Bankeslaid, that he knew not whether he was in order. or not, in Venturing to speak his opinion in this ffage, as He was a ft ranger to the forms, and had never ventured before. to speak his opinion in that House. —The Speaker informdd him, that if he intended an opposition to the bill he was per - feftly in ordeT to speak in this, or any other stage; and there ' could not be a more proper time than on the reading of the title of the bill, to state his oppositions to the foundation arid intention of it.

Mr. Banket. Mr. Bankes then said, that he intended to oppose it, add he could not, feehoW arty gentleman, who Could mad thte Jmrtr - : nals, or took at the statutesy could at all think of hearing counsel at that bar, where every person, be was sure, w making those references, which lie should point but to them, and obferbing jfhxjfe records which had been framed in this ♦House, would be able, by seeing them, to determine on this point, without any assistance frofmcoubfel, or any other guide •but plain common sense; untefi ( bine person could prove there were other Journals and other statutC9 than those - to which •v he should refer them. He stated, tfcatin the month of March,

1773, and he said, that the ’ ol > ferva6on of the particular periods of each transaction waft neecflary; a petition was pre - tented from the East - India company, praying, that during their then present distreffes, and until they hfed paid off thte orte - half of the debt which they art that time owed the public, they might be r$strained from making any dividend bovt : fiat per cent, and that when they had cleared off the public

demand

k

473

B E B A T E S.

( JotAnd upon them, they might then divide at the rate of liven per cent but not exceed that until the bond - debt of the Saft - India company should be reduced to one million and an half, and that then the company should divide eight per cent.

That in April following, the Houfo entered into those resolution *, which the noble lord in the blue ribbon made the foundation of the present bill; but which refokuions, lb far as they relate to the present question, he wa6 certain were totally done away by the subsequent act of Parliament, made in pursuance of these resolutions, and containing the whole of these resolutions, being ten in number, that only excepted on which the noble lord had founded the present bill, and the reason of the neglecting this resolution may be drawn from the following circumstance : In the interval, between the pafl - ipg of these resolutions and the introduction of the lull, a petition was presented from the East - India company, complaining of several of the terms imposed by the resolution ?, and praying to have the matter settled in the courts below; and the House passed the bill which had neglected this resolution, which was the great foundation on which the noble ford founded his present demands, raoft likely in consequence of the complaint, and surely the House would agree that the MU having neglected this resolution, it was of course done away. If, however, there were any doubt with regard to this, it might not be improper to took to the period when the tooapfany, s charter closed, in 1779, and it was thought ne - cefary, by a temporary aft, to grant the company a renewal for st year; was there any atiertion of these claims which are aow demanded ? No; it was enacted, that for the future profits they should await such agreement as might be made between the company and Parliament. Did this iccm like a fiipposition of a right in Parliament to the superlucration of the company ? Having stated these resolutions and proceedings of former Parliaments, whence he thought it might be deduced, - that there was no lcgiHative opinion of the Houi ' c to justify a claim on the profits of the East - India company, lie should therefore move for deferring the farther confederation of the bill to this day three months.

Lord North fakl, that the manner as well as the matter of u. AV/fc the honourable gentleman, who had so ably supported the East - India company, merited a reply; he should therefore think himself unjustifiable if he did not make one, even in this, though an unusual stageof this bufenest. But he hoped the honourable gentleman would excuse him, if in this ft age Vol, III. P p p he

474

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

he was rather short. He said, that he certainly wished an agreement, but the company had declined one. That th public, before the misfortune of the company, from which they had been extricated by the public, had a corfsiderable gain by the East~india company, under an agreement which was given up for a time by the public, to alleviate the difhrdfe of the company; and he would venturd to say, it was not honourable or just, because the mercy of the public had interfered between the company and ruin, that they should on the aggrandizement of the company lofc their former advantages for ' a more receflUuercy.

By the agreement in 1767, the right to the participation was settled, and the terms of it fixed. In 1773, it was by agreement suspended for a time, on account of the bad ft ate of the company’s affairs. The nature of that suspension was, that it should only be for the time of their distress; that time was now past, and the public had a right to the participation. The only question therefore was, the just participation and the just sum to which the public were intitled.

Ulr. Banktt. Mr. Bankes said, the noble lord had mistaken his argument

entirely f for he had no objection to come to the question as a subject of future regulation; but as a matter of right to the present sum he must clearly object to it; for the right could. only arise in two ways, by act of Parliament, or by agreement between parties, in neither of which ways it had anfen. Mr. Dmp - Mr. Dcmpfter spoke highly in praise of Mr. Bankes, and averred that precedents were against the noble lord. He said, that as the management of the trade and participation of the profits were regulated by statute, if any difference should arise, the proper place for the explanation of it would be the courts below, where the matter, from the diligence of the law officers of the Grown, might be adjusted as soon as an act of Parliament could pass that House.

Mr. Pemjs. Mr. Powys reprobated the conduct of gentlemen in the several stages of this business. After a debate of five hours, he, had quitted the House in doubt which way to vote; and on his departure, he met several gentlemen entering the House who immediately voted, without hearing one word of the debate, with the minister; but he doubted not that they had ' very solid and weighty reasons for their conduct. He concurred with Mr. Derapfter in the propriety of bringing it before the courts below.

MfitlNu+enr. Earl Nugent rofc, he said more to compliment the worthy young member, ' who had Eminently distinguished hirafelfin

his

A 1781. DEBATES. 475

. his first speech, than for the fake of any thing th t he had to the question. The honourable member had delivered himself with so much reason and eloquence, he declared, he never was more won upon in all his life, and he believed in his confidence, that he would have completely convinced the Hoofe if he had not spoken in so bad a cause. The noble lord, however, denied, that the case between the public and the company could be sent ta Westminster - Hall, as it was a dispute respecting the territorial revenues, and the courts of law could not take any cognizance of the rights of sovereignty.

In the report lately made to the Court of t ) ire£fcors, relative to the right of the company to the territorial revenues and acquisitions, it was stated, that the influence of commerce and arms, which had enabled the company to make conq efts, were so blended and interwoven, that it was im - poiBble to ascertain which had made the road to conquest,

€t commerce or arms. " Now, let commerce ( said he ) have bad ever so great a share in the conquest of the territories in India, as arms had co - operated, the conquest must necessarily be vested in the Crown; they could belong only to the fovc - reign, and could not become matter of judicial investigation.

. The legislature alone was to decide, and no appeal could lie but to the Lord of Hosts.

The House divided, when the numbers were, that the bill be now read : Ayes, 53; noes, 42. — The second reading was then ordered for Friday next.

Mr. Afinchin now called the attention of the House to a motion respecting the unhappy subjects of Great - Britain,

Tailors and soldiers, to the number of more than 3000, confined as prisoners in Spain. His motion was for ext rafts and copies of all such letters and negociations as had taken place in regard to the exchange of these prisoners. He said he would explain his motives for this, if there was any oppofi - tion made to the motion, which he did not conceive there could be.

Lord North begged to know the reasons.

Mr. Minchin then said, that his reasons were, that these Mr. Afwi/ prisoners had continued long in a state of most distressing and cruel confinement. He had been given to understand that their treatment was exceedingly severe, and that numbers of them had iqlifted into the service of Spain, from the tiegleft of their own country, and despair of receiving their liberty. He was told that it had been principally owing to their activity and exertions in the erection of works that the Ppp % Spaniards

476 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781,

Spaniards had been able to make ( heir approaches To hot ' to the garrison of Gibraltar, and destroy that town and the ' property of the inhabitants. It was the duty and the bufi - m f > of mininers to see that this useful body of men were re ftnred to their country; and relieved from those temntattors to which human nature \i incident in fitch a state. He raised for these papers, in order to see that they had exerted themselves for their recovery, and thar they had not been prevented by some insignificant point of purtflilio and etiquette. In this he tfUfted he ( houlJ be seconded by every gentfCnosh who paid regard to that mod valuable body of men, arid who, would not fufftr them - to be made, wilfully, the sport of fw tune. If the 3OCO Teamen now lying in a Spanish - ga I were got back, they would man live ships of she line. 4 - elusive therefore of humanity he wished to know who ( he per Tons were who had been To inattentive to their duty, ah not to reclaim them sooner, and procureth u rclrease, to > pit ' - vent them from enteiing into the service and in order to man more BritfAi ships.

sir Fkhani Sir Richard Sutton said, the House had frequently been en - Sutton. tertained with such {lories, but there was no foundation far them. He bad seen a gentleman lately returned from ‘Spain, and he could assure the House, that none of the British Teamen confined in Spain, had been employed at Gibraltar, Many of tbcm > indeed, had been enticed at Cadiz teenier into the Spanish service, and such things would always happen under similar circumstances. ( At fifft, he said, the British priforrers were ufrd with some severity, for places were not provided for their reception, nor funds instituted for their fubfirfence; but afterwards they ' were well treated. The Spaniards had rendered their situation as comfortable as possible, and had shewn a great predile& ion in their favour.

As to the question, he thought it very improper, and > aik d 9# the honourable gentleman, who moved it, iif he meant to call any blame upon administration.

The honourable gentleman frequently entertained the House with anecdotes, but that which he had given today was founded in mistake; indeed it was ludicrous in itself, to suppose that a few Teamen, who only know the handling of ropes and the management of great guns, were the engineers that set fire to Gibraltar.

However, supposing the honourable gentleman well founded in all he had advanced, there could be no grounds for laying those papers, before Parliament, except lome proof of

ocglcflf. 1

1

4 > 7

A. 78 *.

DEBATES.

or inattention, < had been proved on those whose < ptovioce it was to settle oartels.

Mrm - fVeW > rose with great indignation at what the honour - Mr. able gentleman who ( poke last had said. He thought the manner in which he had treated the subject very improper, ond did not think it became him to tell the House, that the honourable gentleman near him had often entertained the House with inch stories. For his part, he did not often ' trouble the House, but he too had a story which he would, with tbqir pernailfion, trouble them with. Jde had it from B gentleman just come home from Spain on his parole. Cap - tun FexftU, of die Royal Charlotte East - Indiaman, told him, that in the prison he was in, he left upwards of 1400 Hritifli seamen behind. The prison too was so loathsome and confined, they could hardly live in it, and for - feme time they had no allowance at all of provisions, and vtother times ' Scarcely enough for the men to live upon; for the Spaniards, who - had not taken any prisoners so long, up - n their late capture of the West and East India fleets, were at a iofs to « know how to treat their prisoners. When Cap - takr Foxall left Spain there were 1300 seamen confined in ‘another gM, - and it was the general declaration amongst them, that unless they were soon released by the intercession of fee British court, they would enter into the service of the - enemy rather than live immured in gaols and dungeons; and before Captain Foxall came away there was Scarce a day passed that several did not enter into the Spanish service.

Some days fifteen, feme days twenty, and feme days thirty, went la bodies, and the greatest encouragement was given to them on board the ships, on account of the superior. discipline and Skill that they had *

Mr. T. Tvwnflxnd represended fee gentlemen on the Mr. r. Veafnry Bendh for afleing, with what view Mr. Minch in mdde his motion. He attacked Lord Sandwich on the dif - graceful circumstance of having both ends of the channel blocked up with the enemy’s ships, while our Western squa - dronwas sese in port. He adverted to Monfteur le Motte PicqnetY having captured the St. Eoftatia fleet. He declared dr was Scandalous, that no Lord of the Admiralty was prefect, when it was known that an Admiralty question was oo be agitated.

jMd ' thrtb Said, that undoubtedly the present question Lord was, properly speaking, an Admiralty question, and if the fednourable gentleman had informed any Lords of the Admiralty

4;

P A R L I A - M E N T A R Y A. 1781.

ralty of his intention to move it, some of them ought to

have been present; if he had not, it was his fault, Hu Lordship said farther, that he knew a cartel was in agency, and that it was likely to be soon settled, but that a claim we had upon the Spaniards for twelve hundred prisoners had flood in the way of its being settled. He added, that he was a little surprised at hearing his question to the honourable gentleman, as to the view with which he had made his motion, treated so vehemently. The question was by no means an insolent one; on the contrary, it was perfectly parliamentary. Calling for papers was not a matter of course; and gentlemen mufl know that it was always ufaal to open the grounds of such motions to the House.

With respect to - a complaint that had been made, relative to the St. Eustatia fleet, he could allure the House, from his own certain knowledge, that two frigates had been dispatch - ed to warn it of the enem ’ ys approach, though by fbmc misfortune they had not been able to fall in with it. lAtMmbin Mr. Aftttcbinsaid, that he had regularly given notice of his motion in the House two days before.

SiiG. Yonge Sir George Tqnge said a few words, with regard to the right the House had to expect some information on a point of ib much importance.

Sir R. $utto Sir Richard Sutton said, he did not doubt but proper means wfere taken to reclaim the seamen, but gentlemen shouldremember they had hot been there any very conriderable time, and the settlement of a cartel was not the work of a day. Mr. Burke. Mr. Burkerofe next, and began with remarking that nothing was more deluiive than measuring time by a succession - of ideas; the miserable and happy had very differeot ideas of timewhat were but minutes to the latter, were houn, days, and months, to the former. So the poor caps thought his confinement much longer than he did who

him m prison. With regard to what the honourable ronct had said of the predilection and affection of the Spy niards for our sailors, now their prisoners, he said itwai but a poor comfort to a British seaman, lying in a Spaaifli gaol, to be told that his enemy had a prcdile&ion for him while he felt the neglect and contempt of his country, wto made not the least effort to restore him to his liberty, was not the humanity of an enemy that a JBritish feamsfi ought to rely on; it was the bemgtiity of Great - Briqfc that he should look up to.

tic

479.

A. 1781 *,

DEBATES. '

He said, that by the disgraceful practice of war, the un - happy seamen were, by the impress, dragged on ship - board, contrary to alt their prayers and remonstrances; yet they generously forgave the ' injury, and fought the battles of their country. In. return for this, when they fell into foreign captivity, they were neglected and forgotten; were left to perish in a sultry climate; it was even deemed factious to inquire after them; in a word, they found in the Admiralty only an iron hand to oppress, but no compaflioa no spirit, to protect them.

Augustus, the Roman emperor was so affected with the loss of his legions, that he even invoked the manes of their dead General to restore them back to him, Varre, redde mibl legiones ! So might that House say to Lord S—, rcddc nobis mottos ! S— ! Give us back our seamen, our ships, our troops, our wealth, loft by thy cursed treasons;

O thou Earl of Sandwich, who waft born to be the curse ef thy country, who livest only to accumulate dishonour on her head, to destroy her boasted navy j restore, restore to us, those brave men who were thrown into chains by thy negligence, and remain in them by thy scandalous inhumanity

With respect to the capture of the St. Eustatia fleet, l : o wished to say nothing; it contained the plunder of British subjects, and if British subjects chose to insure it, let them suffer; but when the noble Lord talked of lending two frigates, it was truly ridiculous; they were sent not to warn the fleet of danger so much as to incur danger themselves, and add to the conquest of the enemy; that was not the kind of service we had a right to demand of the Admiralty, they should have repelled the enemy instead of on claiming tia approach. The Eustatia fleet however was taken,. and Pmotst that he did not interest himfetf; his object was a no - > ble one, it was the protection of our brave oppressed sailors,

nd not of plundered property; for that object he would contend, even if the present motion was rejected; for he svoald move another, not. of inquiry, : but censure on the man who had decreed, that though those brave fellows were treated with predilection by their enemies, they should meet nothing but contempt in that country they bled to defend.

Lord Lijburnecame into the House while Mr. Burke watLd. r y. ( peaking, and rose as loon as he concluded, to vindicate U&felf from the charge of inattention, in being absent

when

PARLIAMENTARY A. ! j « i.

when the motion was made .; he declared that he had no intimation of it but about half an hour before, and could not follow the iteps of the honourable gentleman wherever he pleased to move. He explained the delay in exchanging prisoners with Spain to have arisen from a dilute between that country and this, concerning twelve hundred prisoners set at liberty by Sir George Rodney, for which they rc - fused to account; and, till this difference was adjusted, it was impossible, he said, that any cartel could be settled.

Mr. Mit Mr. Mtnchindemanded to know what kind of notice the

ai noble Lord expected. His motion had been intimated, and Rood on the books these two days;. he had disclosed itsexad import to all who asked it, and particularly, to a tninifter the night before. On these grounds he submitted to the Chair, whether his notice had been anywise defective.

TheSftaker The Speaker said, as he was appealed to, he must declare, that the notice was, in every respect, regular and candid.

G™ ord Germaineperfectly coincided in this opinion; W *

« ' - jcc was certainly given of the motion, and the Hoofewcfe properly prepared for it. He explained the nature of the dispute, subsisting at present between the Spanish agent and our commissioners of sick and hurt, which. he hoped would now soon be adjusted, and every difficulty in settling the cartel would then be obviated. The dispute was abaut the 1200 seamen relieved by Sir George Rodney, but which he believed would be settled within a few days.

The House divided : — Ayes 29; noes 53.

Mr. Burl *. Mr. Burke then made his motion, which was a proportion

of censure, " That there have been 3000 British seamen and soldiers confined in the prisons of Spain since the month of August last; and that no fatwfa&ory information has been given to the House to shew that the necessary stepshavt been to procure their exchange. ’ ’

Some debate of the fame nature enibed on this, and the House again divided : Ayes, 32; noes, 54. - — Adjourned to June 6.

June 6.

A petition was presented from the governor, fub - govenmr, and directors of the Company of the Bank of England, which was read, and referred to a committee of the whole House.

The

L.

A. ijBu O EB A T E• 4 '

- The House ' went into a committee of ways and mearts/wwfr the petition frpra the governor and company of the Bank of

England was referred to them. Lord Mnrth dated the purport of it to be, that their charter expiring, in the year they applied to Parliament for the renewal of it for twenty - one years from that period, for which ’ they proposedy a$a valuable consideration, to lend to government two millions for three years, at three per cent; the interest to be provided for by the ( inking fund; one million to be issued on the, 15th of Npvbmber next, and one million on the 15th of February *

The noble lord, after some observations on this offer, which hp considered as fair and equitable both for the public and the Bank said that he would propose to apply the money thd paying off so much of the navy debt, which he considered as the very best use that could be made of it. And he concluded with dating to the committee, that he did not mean to move any proportion at this time, as, on consulting prece - events, he found it was the practice of the House not to make any resolution on the first hearing; but, after having examined : the proposals that were made, to order the Chairman to report progress, and alk leave to ftt again; and on the second hearing to come to a resolution on the matter He therefore moved that the Chairman do report progress, and ask leave to ( it again.

Mr. Hujfey said that he thought the bargain was Very on - Mr. f « favourable to the public. It was not such as they had reason and right to expect on renewing the charter for so long a time.

But as the present was not the proper stage for debating the matter, he would not enter into the principle of the bargain.

Mr. Btng said, that from the management which had been Mr. - observed by the noble lord in this bargain, as well as in all other bargains, it had been contrived to lefve the purposes of cor - : raption; for by intimating his intention to his friends and adherents, they had bought, up navy and victualling bills to the amount of the sum which was proposed to be lent to Government, and by this stratagem they would gain twelve per xrent.

Mr. Pttheney rose next and said, he expe£led that the noble Mr. Fuite - lord would have dated to the committee the reasons for bring - nty ing the business forward now, and on what grounds he had ‘tiftejtfed to the proportion just read. He farther observed, that there were between ( ive and lix years to come before the present charter of the Bank expired, and said, Mr. Grenville •and other ministers always held it wife to let the idea of a re - * "Vpl. Ill, Qjjq newal - '

P All ME T A < fU£A. 8u

mw1 Toft till the xifting dwtor. was just oa the point of #pWng *

He fimtvi tego into this topic an4 explained dm

5round by which the $ank would be considerable gainers, by bjs bargain9 instead of IpShs; for their lots of ipterest in the ban would be only two and a half per cent ., and by buying up the navy and victualling bills, they would ascertain a dear profit of twelve per cent bo that upon the whole, infold of paying any thing for the renewal of their charter, they weal4 gain four and a half per cent, by the loan of the two million more than they could get by lending it at common intend ^.

. Before he fat down, he charged £. ord North with havi g taken the House by surprise; when he opened his budget, the noble lord, he said, told the House, that he meant OWJT to pay off one million of the navy debt, apd now he came to the House and said, he Should pay off three; this Mr. PuUt ney thought extremely improper in the noble lord, and afp f ially, considering the part of the fession in which he brought so important a buhness forward.

Tht Secret. The Secretqry Qt War said, that, perhaps individuab ' migM

ffrjrtfJ ^. have taken advantage of the settlpipent, as men would abww be ready to speculate from the probability of gain; tfo jpojpipUtee barely would not, consider this is as any ob$gdf to the bargain being made. The honourable gentleman hid not mentioned any fads to prove what the/ had thrown out. la. Ntyh IfOrd North said, that whpn the petition came to be difcpS&dt

' he meant to open to the House his reasons for thinking thf present proposition such a one as ought to be liSleoedtp and closed with. As to the charter not being expired,. UB ? doubtedly what the honourable gentleman had said of that point was the fad, but then he cou d not himself fee it as as •f&jeQion to making the bargain now; it Struck higif that would be to the full as much to the advantage of the public ito have the money now as five years hence; and with regard ' to his having said, when he opened the budget, that fie Should jjot he feared, be able to pay off more than a million of tjp navy - debt, he could say no otherwise, because he was pot then certain of obtaining the two millions now ofiere4f If Parliament agreed to the proposition, he Should adviSe. applying the two millions to that purpose, becaufp he thought it the best way to apply it; but that was a matter that would jbe entirely with the Hpufe, who were to apply it Xf tfcty thought proper. This was not the first time when he hid in ? W ififenfipn of paying of a P « u$of vavy - 4cjx.

' 1 la

4 « 3

AY78 *. U USf A Ttr S

towards the ftrvicct of the year, lie Aid that perhaps before the end of the fession a fond might be ig rtdAr paying off a farther ftnrt of that inconvenient

xte DeMpfltr complained, that at this late ftaftm of the Mr. Bmp - taar fb important a bargain mould dje made. Many Of theAr « country gentlemen, who were the, perftms the raoft hitertfted welfare of thfcftate, and left the town, and at this late ftegc 4the minister had thought prop ptto bring forward thia Mrgaih. If it was true that the Bank had bought tip the navy ana v uallipe bills, it would prove that the directors ftudidd JBktlitfteielh or their constit dents; biit if ttie House went into 4kH bargain, without thoroughly ekaiOtning the facts, add inquiring what had been the profits of the Sank for the lift nineteen years, he should think that they were very bad agents for their conftftuents.

’ HMhv Etparsaid, he believed it Was not tfut that the Banktfr. ivgrj llifed bought up the navy andyiduaffingbills *

Lord Nmh ) in answer to Mr. Dempster, Ykid that he Ld. Nvtb Hbodght h Would exceedingly improper to inquire into \He profits on the franfactions of the Sank. It had not be n done when the last bargain was made; and he believed thete tto prectdentfbr it in the Jourhah of the House.

Mr. Dmpjlerlaid, in reply to this, rthat it was veryMV.

lhatwhen the last bargain was made with them, Mr; fjten - / *. ibitt8 had not madte that inquiry; but it was true and pet - MtedMy ' known, that Mr. Grenville had repented the bargain trhror be had made to the day of his death *

The House divided on the question; to report progfVfi *

Ayes, 56; noes, 27.

• fin ' Gilbert Efliot called the attention of the House to the sir Gi ! itrt petition of Mr. Philips, a person who had invented « powder £/&#. rWV ' defttOying the Weevils, cockroaches and other infers, so r udicial to corn and dry provisions. After stating the coofeeaences of thd invention and the benefits likely to arise ‘ Sro® It, as had been fully proved to the committee, by the zmth of/ Captain King and other respeAable witnessei, the : ropOrtiWas read arid referred to the committee of ways and {The Hontfe went into that committee when flic iOilbbit nafcrted $atthe sum > of 4OOOOU. be granted to Mr *

Xhitips, as a reward for the invention. Lord Nugent urged > je{scion to the motion, which was answered. by Mr *

; he ffid that a smaller sum would not afford Hun rc - frof the turn would be funfctythe charges of o&co iforc it came to the person J

CLq q a Mft

: 4B4 V A A ' M E N Afc : Y A; lyto.

Mr. Turtur,. -, ftjr. Turner wariply recommenced the reward as piopcf and; necessary. .,;

Mr. By g Mr Byrtz approved of the reward, but desired to know who were the persons that would receive the 50b !. of the fuip

in its. passage to tbcperfbn. He wished to know whether they had ny m$rit from invention to deserve. the bounty of Parliament.

Sir Gilbert Sir Gilbert Elliot said, that the charge of the two Houses of Eliitt.. Parliament in passing the bill, amounted to between 70 and 80L and, the fees of the Exchequer were seven and a half per. cent.

' id. Met % Lord Mahon, to save this sum to be paid to the Exchequer,

moved an amendment to the motion, that instead of 4000U the sum of 3, 6ooL flxould be paid, to him, exclusive of all fees, but those due to the officers of Parliament *.

The motion thus amended was agreed to.

Mr. Pu/tf '. Mif Pultefitymoved,. That an account of the number of

» y the navy and victualling bills, purchased by the Bank, previous, to the ifl : of Jure, be laid before the House. By this, oliesaid, they would have an opportunity of knowing the f truth of the fact stated to the House. He felt the difficulty of the motion, and if. it was objected to, had another propo - ' fition which would make it conditional, and not obligatory on, the corapany. j

’ Difficulties were fiarted as being an unfit motion, and altogether improper to inquire into the transactions of a great trading company, and it was ultimately withdrawn. The second proportion could not be made in that stage of the business. ..

Jun < 7 '

■ > ' Ort the third reading of the till to remedy certain incoa Cflfchries in thtf Marriage - act,

Mr. Fox. ~ ' Mr. Fox, agreeable to his promise, rose and gave his opinion

- Oh the absurd and improvident a£ which had given rife to the present bill, and which would ho doubt give rife to many

bllfedof - alimilar natufre. He reprobated the intentions of the - Mtfrriage - act ' vir very severe terms, and considered the Whole as tyrannical and abfhrd, oppressive and ridiculous. " He ftrOngly painted the extreme impolicy and pernicious

conferences of retffi&ions on marriage, 1 considered m att; " - *

# _ A. bill was brought in upon this grant, which with some ilifiicul *

ty was carried through the House but An ther Upper House it ttis of *

: posed by the Lord Chancellor, and afrtFa good deri of coittfrwith

£• First Lojdof the Admiralty throve out. ' c

A. 1781. DEBATES *

abstract point of yicw; 4i « pointod out many inconvenienlie *

that had resulted from the act of George II. as well to private families as to the public in its aggregate intercity ' that ad, he said, had originated not fp pipch ia ariftacratic pride, which was the popular idea, as inf low principle of avarice, which made ipen covetous to augment the wealth of opulent families, by interested alliances, and retain all the riches of the country in a few chan pels, in ft cad. of difperiing them into many, which was evidently more for the public advantage. To this end the moll generous passions of the heart were unfeelingly sacrificed, and the laws of nature viod lated by parental tyranny; but the means adopted by theie - i gillature had been as defective as the object was absurd; for, not only the access to matrimony was made difficult, but, by a retrospective regulation, marriage contrafts were made void, the happiness of families disturbed, and innocent per - fens bastardifed, if some trifling formalities we enot attended to Various objections to this effect had frequently been urged against the Marriage - aft on former occasions, and he himself had taken an active, uniform, and decided part in oppofltion to it, as often as the subject came before Parliament; but his opinions had been controverted; and always in the event with success; he might therefore bctled to despair jof ever overturning this destructive law, did not the bill now under consideration furnish one very cogent argument in hit favour, " in addition to every thing that had formerly been advanced; for the pernicious effects of the Marriage - aft were now made uoquestionable, by the necessity of that explaining bill which the noble lord had with so much propriety introduced; to this, then he would briefly call the attention of the House, and here rest his arguments, trusting that gentlemen, who would be convinced by no other species of dc - tnonstration, would at least yield to experience,

Here they saw what had been the consequences of innovating oti the old established forms of marriage; infinite difficulties had occurred; the public in general were totally igno - yjmt of those regulations in which the welfare of every family Was so deeply concerned; and though the act in question was ' not only perspicuous in its language, bufc sufficiently prpt mulgated by being read on a thousand different occasions to allrtheqjarish churches, yet so fittle was ft understood,. 4hac "an infinite number of people had inadvertently formed. illicit nvama e ’ dontrafts, and begot an illegitimate offspring. It was not anyvtife to be inferred from this, that - the ( egmature

p Ait LI a to t N ' t Ary

fcftd prffed the ft #italitf Oh or Wttfcfeil tmf ptatifiont that might render liich a jheafurd inofffenfive id irti Operation; On the contrary, it Was a matter of astonishfncttt that a statute Could be framed for altering the established Otiftom in a matter Of ( boh uuiverfhl moment, Without pro ftoctag More tweedy and more fatal ill eftefti; had it bead drawn With that caitleTs hand which many acts Were Ih tb present time *, in less than a week after it patted, the bill now Wore Parliament, Or feme fimildr one to explain and amend, k, would have been found requisite; and perhaps it WotM have been happier for the public had this actually been the chfe, for the lOnget the toifchief remained latent, the rtdfe

Ctfnieions mutt it in the end be found, and the more Ihtura e. He begged gentlemen calmly to consider what deplete Me effoftt might have resulted to individuals had this deleft. Which had now been seised on by parochial interest, been tiifeOVfcred by a mercenary than in a question of private"property. Suppose only, that where the right to a large landed estate was in cohtroversy, a rpar relation of the pouessor being claimant, had discovered that his opponent’s patents Wete married - in one of these new chapels, and grounded his claim On the Marriage - aft, as being the next legislative heir; hi that case he might hate defied any court of law in the king dom to decide against him, and the other unfortunate party must have been consigned to infamy and ruin. PertttJ there might be a man, who would go On the foundations cf law against the principles of honour and the ties of blood to rob his brother’s children of their estates and fortunes, fee ? cause they might have been the children ignorantly cpufunfr mated, like the present. Perhaps the noble lord then at of might bring in a bill for their relief; but in what a di&refijg dilemma would the House have flood, when a man appeared at their bar, demanding not to be bereft of property to which by the plain express meaning of the legislaturt, he was Itgally entitled 1 they might consider him, it was true, as an up generous and an unfeeling man. His conduct they wouja justly call dishonourable, but it Would be legal. It wootf be jiiftified by law though condemned by morality; and they gnuft consider him as a man infhmously acting under thefaotf lion of an act of Parliament.

Ho was aware, that the propriety of the late cfeciEonhia been controverted; that feme gentlemen of great legal know ? ledge, thought the act emmeously expounded j tpatj intht expccffiOft ofuCrutches, in which nuptials have been hfuilly.. fblem -

L

P 5 P A ' T. ¥

Q&tumifed, ? ’ the UgifUtprp intended such as fright in future squire f right by P % & 3 *. well as thofer which ppffefled it at the pacing of tpe aft In apfwer to this he mud qbr serve, first, that whether judot - other wise, the judgment had f ( Fe& tjll Removed by iomo fjoperior court, andth# « hia opinion it was founded on a true expedition of the act; but Wipitltingj for argument fake, the contrary, still the difficulty, if 0Pt equally extensive, would be more perplexing ! so ? }t. would then become a quedion, w t exa period of tpne connitutes a legal usage within the meaning of the dar tute ? Thole marriages first foleippifed ip chapels built after P flSng the a muu ipdifputably be void; and as to thf subsequent ones, the dragged confufton in the world must anse, for of two popple married in the fame church to - day1 apd tp - narrow, the children of the one might hereafter bo $ pmed. haftards, and those of the other legitimate *

JOp$ blot n this absurd act of Parliament had ' already beets E& but who could say bow ipany more were if ill latent f Sptpe there were, without difppt®; for, on hi own know - Ifdffp, he could mention pne pale of at lead equal hardljiip iitp that now under review. The ad required that the cop > {ept of parents or guardians should be actually ohuined and O prclfed f now there was a npble family, in which, by thi# Pcovilioo, a moll disagreeable accident had lately alnaoft happened; and as the ipilchief had been happily prevented, ui might mention it with safety to the parties. A marriage Was about to be solemnispd, to which there was the fulled jqjjgrobation of the families on both fades; but the cpnfeot of pfte person, who by the law was entitled to have a voice, by foipe over - fight had not beep ejcpressly given, not that there jm any reluctance, but that such a formality was not recplr e ed to be elsential; this omission wept on till within half anbpur of the wedding, and it was then accidentally thought df $ npW had the ceremony actually taken place under such W oarerfight, it would have beep illegal, apd perhaps, in thf > nd generation, the legitimacy of the ijfup might hav# n quedipned. Though this was the only in dance of the id within his remembrance, it could pot be doubted that I thousand fimllarones exjded, and that many couples not ? String in speurity with full confidence that they had been Ur £pUy married, might in fact d - md ip a mod hazardous prer fMcaitient, both with respect to their own reputation and the interest of their children. He hoped therefore, that ip case foyld upf fucccfd ip j > WPg 4 JWilftf rtc Mamdger

9&t

4 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

a#, at least there might be another amendment, making the express previous dissent of parents necessary to difanul the contract, and fuflaining all marriages which have been so - lemnifed with only their implied concurrence.

There was also another provision in the ad that required explanation, and if the noble lord had not taken notice of it in his bill, the omission should certainly be supplied; for all persons, who had solemnised - marriages in any of these new chapels, were at present liable to transportation. Under danger of that penalty flood at present a vast number of clergymen, and lorne prelates in the Upper House; but as America would not receive them, they rauft go to the Juflitia hulk, j which to be sure would be a terrible thing, and he hoped the House would interfere to save these reverend, and right rc - werend gentlemen, from so horrid a fate. It was an absolote fad that several, if not all, of the bishops had transgrefTed in this way, and by the bye the House might have the mortification to fee bishops in their lawn sleeves, instead of preaching the word, heaving ballad on the Thames.

if after the various inconveniences that this act had been found to produce, and the strong arguments that had been so often urged against it, in opposition to which he had never heard a solid one in its favour, it was still thought necessary to endure cvcrf mischief rather than suffer that intolerable abuse of women, ( who were unquestionably befl qualified to judge what husband would please, ) the being obliged to obtain the consent of parents or guardians, instead of choofiof for themselves, the absurdity of continuing the Marriage - ad would plainly appear from its being wholly incffedual. All tha end which the bill was originally intended to answer was defeated; and "he thanked God that it was so by the friendly interposition of Scotland. The people of Scotland rejected the provision of that law, and were barbarous and uncivi - lifed enough to retain the old maxim, that a woman couM choose better for herself than either parent or guardian could choose for her. So that dllthe intention was lofl with to the preventing women of high families and lane fortunes from marrying without the content of parents; and there was nothing left but the tyranny, the oppression, the calamity, and the absurdity of the a#, in its rcflraining the marriages only of the people, to whom a journey to Scotland might be too expensive or inconvenient.

He confefied, he fa id, he was under some embarrafTment foncerfiing - the - luise of conduct which it would be now pro - "• pcf

G.

t > E B A T E. S.

per for him to pursue, for he did not wish to retard the present bill, absolutely necessary as it was to the happiness of thou&nds, and yet he could not > contentedly, lose so favourable an opportunity of proposing a repeal of the Marriage - aft, to which his enmity had always beta irreconcile - able. Considering the late period of the session, he would not wish to trouble the House to no purpose, and therefore should be glad to know how the noble lord, not now in hiss place ' ( Lord North ) flood affected to the proportion, for if that noble lord determined to oppose it, he would despair of success, and would, therefore forego his design. He hoped however his Lordship would at length come into the measure, and therefore wished rather that any other member should riove the repeal than himself, for he and the noble lord had such a habit of disagreeing, on alroofl every subject, that the motion might fare the worse for coming from him. He dfd not know how it was, but the Marriage - aft had retained its partizans longer than any other measure or political tenet whatever, for among all the intermixtures of party, since its first introduction, the friends or enemies of that act had never changed fides. He had been called its inveterate, hereditary, eneniy, and he confcfTed he was, consequently should an inveterate enemy propose its repeal, its friends would probably take alarm, and defend it with all their force; fromi this confide ration he should be happy to have the noble lord over the way ( Lord Nugent ) who had formerly opposed the bill, or any other member, make the motion, which he otherwise mufl himself trouble the House with.

, Earl Nugrnt perfectly coincided with the honourable gen - Earl fleman in his opinion of the act alluded to, but declined moving its repeal at present, recommending rather to defer it till the noble lord ( Lord North ) should be present. His Lordship suggested. a curious case, not hitherto adverted to, against which the present bill could not provide a remedy Supposing, said he, a man who has been married illegally in these new - built churches, and whose wife is ft ill living, should, pending this act, marry another with due formalities,. I should he glad to know how Parliament could then interfere to ref - cue the former wife from infamy, or retrieve in hfcr case thd consequences of that improvident aft ? We should have no other possible refmrce but to adopt the scherae of Doctor Madan j and then, when one man met the indulgence of having two wives, perhaps others would think themselves entitled to the fame.

Vol. Ill, R r r His

4$i PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

His Lofdship also afforded ( bme diyerfion with aa anecdote from Ireland. An a < ft > he raid, subsisted in thrat country fimU iar tp ou/s but with this finguJar addition, that it prohibited marriages between protestants and papi ( t$, and made them void when contracted; a lady of thep ° P ] fh religion being ig - Qprant of this law, was on the point of marrying a protestant gentleman j but fortupaftly hearing, of the danger ifee was about tp incur, and being ftdvifed to guard against the poffibn lify of his meaning to abuse her, ( he privately conformed to the proteffam church, and theq married him# After a due period of conjugal tenderness, her husband began to think of dissolving the connexion, and therefore thus ad a relied her : My dear, I love you dearly, but, alas, bur union can subsist no logger; for we are living in a state of fornication, and are not legally married. " On that, added his Lordship, the wife jjfoduceid her certificate of consummation fa loud laugh ) of conformity r f mean, explained he, the gentleman produced the act, and foe in return produced the certificate when the husband replied with the f rae in iffejrence which he Hadob - feryed though the whole canwfatio >, Now, my dear, We are jnartie4 again. "

The b. il ! was now read a third time, and passed.

1 The fiqpfe were tfeen very loud in calling but to Mr. Fox to move, ' fie fat for some time to fee if any other gentleman WQ ldrtqlce the matter upon himself; but none rising,

Mr. Mr. Fox got up, and laid, finee no other gentleman seemed

inclined to take the matter from his hands, which, however, he was very sorry for, on the account which he had mentioned, he would now proefeed himself and notwithstanding the ob jection made bn the ground of the noble lord ' s absence, be would now make his motion for considerfng the latencls of the season, no time was to be loft, and there would be opportunities enough for oppoling the bill in its different stagtt, when the Poole lord would be present, " though, perhaps, added he, his Lordship means not to be here, and I shall be as well plea fed if he is not. " The title of the Marriage - ad of George II. being then read by the clerk, Mr. Fox moved, That leave be given for bringing in a bill to amend the said aCh"

Lord Nurett Lord Nugent again recommended deferring this motion;

and lord Westcote also Urged the propriety of doing so, not only / because the noble lord was absent, but because notice should previgufly have been given of a motion of so much consequence.

h

4

A. ij8f. DEBATES. '

In reply - tp this, Mr fox observed, that he had inti mate; ! Mr.

4a imention of offering something to the House relative to 4he and as he should only get one step for -

ward by the present motion, h© thought that notice sufficient.

Mri Burrell begged the honourable gentleman to declare, Mr. whether his motion was to amend or repeal thei & in question

_ for though perhaps the one might be necessary, be should ccr - lainly oppose ( be other.

. Mr Fox rose again, and informed the honourable gentle - Mr. F «

- man,. his motion ftoed to amend; but it was his intention to repeal, every pait of the excepted that which required a register of the marriage *

/Leave was then given without farther opp ( ition; and Mr *

Fofr, Sir G. Yonge, Lord Nugent, and othe o were appointed to prepare and bring in the bill *

. 7™ -

, Counsel was. called to the baron the Bill for securing t the public a certain participation in the profits of the East Jpdia Company.

When they had finished, Mr. Secretary rose, and Mr.

moved for the second reading of the bill. He contended on t ie opinion wh; ch the Attorney and Solicitor Generals ( York apd. Camden ) had given on the right of the Crown, which was only another word for the public, to the sovereignty of the territorial acquisitions, and said that be truffed /their opinions would be respe&ed on both Tides of the House, as conithuiipnal lawyers. On that right of sovereignty they had right Kjrevenue, for they were fynonimous and connected. The claim, therefore, now set up, was confident in

every respect, both with the expressed and implied agreement of the public and the company as well as with the constitii *

6on of the empire.

, RAr ., Pox entered into the question, and examioed the pretep - fions {of the public to the claim now made with his usual pe - Mr Uetration, force, and energy. He said, that revenue was, and ought to be, considered as distin& from sovereignty j at least, it ought ppt to be asserted, that because we had sovereignty.. f we bad also a right to collect the revenue in our own way, without consulting those who were to pay it. By the experience which we had in the American contest, we had surely discovered,. that robbefy was not only disgraceful, but that it, elfo was ruinous, Had not the noble lord yet felt enough of the consequences of tobbery ? In the beginning of that struggle, so much was the principle, asserted by the right honourable gentleman, in falhion, that it was even laid, that if the Colo -

Rrn area

? d

9 PARLIAMENTARY A. IJS

flies were to Tend us revenue, voted In their own assemblies, we ought not to accept of it. Now, however, that maxim was abandoned with respect to America; and we saw, by the letter of one of our governors in the Gazette, that we were happy to acceof of revenue voted in any manner. It was abandoned with respect to America, but it was yet ventured to be pronounced with respect to the East Indies, He reprobated the whole of this condutft as impolitic, absurd, and abominable. The acquisitions of territory had been made for the, purposes of commerce, under the express sanction of their charter, and uni els Government ' repaid them the expence incurred in the conquests, they had not a right to them.

/faJcatje. ' The Lord Advocatesaid, the question of sovereignty was not that now before the House. It was merely the qoeflion of the 6oo, ooool. to be received as an equitable participation, and this he contended to be due to the public by the records ' of the Parliament. Hb particularly stated the petition of the Company presented in 1765, which declared, that the public ha < J a right to a participation, and by subsequent agreements the ipeafure of that participation was settled.

N t. Bttrke. Mr, Burke fpokc in answer to him, and said that his arguments only went to prove this clear and undeniable fast, that Parliament had a right to pnake a law to direct a future participation, but not to make it have a retrofpe£live view. He did not mean to enter into the question of right to the territorial acquisitions. Sufficient to the day was the violence thereof. The noble Lord’s friends were wife in endeavouring to shift tfic ( jueftion from its true ground. It le -

• quired more than common effrontery to acknowledge that he

was unjustly and violently seizing on this sum ? without right and without pretension. The noble Lord might set up the claim of the public on the resolution of that Hoofr, with impunity, because he knew that he would be supported in every species of rapacity hut at the fame tjme, he mull himself bp certain that the claim vyas only adding injfult to injury.

Jrf r. Piivys. Mr. Powys blamed both fides, The Company had acted with negligence, the noble Lord was now acting with violence, The Company ought undoubtedly to have come forward, and offered proper terms for the renpwal of ibeir charter; but it was not enough, that because they did not ylo this, the noble Lord Ihoulfl copje ifonfard and feizi by ( pice on tluir property.

•A 1781 DEBATES « ' ‘ 4

Lord Caventiish warmly represended the noble Loftf Lord Jd > n for his violent and unjust conduct in the whole of the bufii•G, w, ness.

Lord North rose to speak in answer to the noble Lord, andL ° d N « nb defended his conduct on the fame grounds as he urged on this subjedh

The House dived on the question for the second reading.

Ayes 129; noes 89 — Adjourned to the nth,

June 11.

The order of the day for going into a committe on the bill For paying into the Exchequer the balances in the hands ' of public Accountants was read, and Lord North moved,

that the Speaker leave the chair. "

Mr. T Tawrtjhendrofe immediately, and delired to be Mr T. permitted to give his reasons why the House should not in his opinion go into the committee, nor proceed farther in the bill; or if they did go into a committee, to shew them why ’ some clauses should be inserted which had not been thought of by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon. Ic might be imagined that being a public accountant himself, he was interested in thereje&ion of ’ the present bill. He allured tlfc Hotife that he was not in the least interested, and that for •this reason : his balance amounted to the small sum Of. twelve or thirteen thousand pounds; and this lum he had depohted in the Bank of England long iince, there to remain till he could get his accounts palfed. He had never made the least advantage of the balance that remained in his hands, either by having it at interest or otherways nor would he ever do so. To him therefore it was a matter of the most perfect indifference, whether the sum was to He paid into the Exchequer the next day, or on that day ten

years. He had been frequently praised j and as often laughed at on this account. Some gentlemen had called his con - dolt difintcrcfted, and others lilly. Sincerely to speak his own opinion, he did not think that he deserved cither the

one or the other. He had done what he thought his duty, and no more; nor did he state the circumstance now to gam anycredit from it, He had claim to none. It was merely a matter of opinioo, and he did not mean in the least to in -

. finuatc any thing against those accountants, who, from en -. tertaining a contrary opinion, had alted in a different mail -, f jicjr The foie xeafba of his mentioning it was to convince

% ' ft *

L.

PARLIAMENTARY A. i - jgt.

the House, that what he shouldday against the present bill did not arise from interested motives; and that he was per - fedtly unconcerned as to its operation with respect to himself he fpokc for others; for public accountants, their representatives, and defendants, who were not there to ( peak for themselves; whose families might be very deeply injure if. the present bill should pass without fbrne provision being made to favc them from the impending danger. A public accountant he observed was a man the most unfortunately circumstanced of any officer in the public service. If he went out of office - it was not in his power to force the officers of Government to pass his accounts, and grant him fc quietus; it lay intirely with them, and though he ( hotild nie the utmost dispatch in expediting his accounts, ( till they might delay to pass them. He of conference lay at the mercy of the auditors of the Imp re ft and Treasury. What was the consequence ? In his own case if he wimedtofcU an estate, where was his title ? he could not dispose of any part of his property, because he could not execute a conveyance Inefficient to lave the purchxfer from ait extent of the Crown. The bill under consideration took away the very feeble security remaining to a public accountant, that his accounts might be past at all; while a large balance remained in his hands, the Lords of the Treasury had afii - mulus to quicken them, because as matters flood at prefenr, the balance coulcj not be obtained till those accounts w settled, and therefore the Firil Lord of the Treasury would naturally be induced to forward the settlement Of them that he might get the money. But should this bill pa&, the case would be. different; then a public accountant would he deprived of his only, security, and he would have no chance of obtaining his quietus. Let the Hoqfe tonfider what a dreadful situation the family of a public. accountant would be in when he happened to die, and his affairs fell into the hand of representatives. perfectly ignorant of the nature of his accounts; in such a case they might be harrafied with extents, and the whole fortune of the accountant would he at the mercy of admioi ft ration; he wo ' uld not have a Hulling that he could call his own, his. whole property would depend on the caprice, the virtue, or the forbearance of government; such was the situation of a public accountant, nod be well remembered the extreme ' anxiety felt by the late par ! of Qhatfiatn before hc could schtaia his quieius, which

A. ' jyfcf *

d, : e b a t

wa in the year 1769, thirteen years after He had been pay mfefrer. f;

He reprobated the btll; ‘asa violent measure of a negligent, ’ indolent minister. He Tiid it was the only proportion whiclv the noble Lordin the blue fibbon had ' founded on the reports of those commissioners named Vf himself, under a commissioo fnatcHed oqt of the ' hands of another person, in air indecent, he had almofP said an ungtHileman - like manner. What had those co rtiiffiorrers done‘more than the noble Lord ;, as First Lord ' of ‘the Treasury, could have done with - dot their assistance; they had stated the balances in thehandr of the public accountants; the noble Lord knew them before, nay they were ifpon the table of the House; ttye noble Lord knew that when a public accountant went out of office, process after a certain time issued against him; the account < $f his balance was delivered over to the Remembrancer for the Crown, from him to the Board of Tfeafury, whence his accounts, when made up, were sent to the Auditors of the I npreft. What need then of appointing, in an unconftituti - onal manner, commissioners who were not members of Parliament, to examine public accounts, which any body might examine; and whatoccasion was there to direct thir attention to those accounts, the state of which was already known ? The great evil and the foie ground of complaint was the flow dilatory manner in which public accounts were past and settled; that should have been the object of the commission, and not the trifling inquiries to which the noble Lord had directed them ) but it was evident the noble Lord,. conscious of, his indolence, conscious of his neglect, framed the com - iptffion, and pointed the inquiries of the commissioners to trivial objects, merely to fereen his own conduit, to divert the attention of the public from that, and to escape the cen - fiire, the severe censure, which his adminfftracion merited ! If the fault lay with the Auditors of the Imprest, why had not the noble Lord done his duty ? why had he not sent for fhofb Auditors to the Treasury ? why had he not inquired hito the cause of the delay, and endeavoured much earlier chan the present time to correct the evil, by calling upon Parliament to pass a law for that purpose ? The noWe Lord had it in his power to inquire into the cause of the delay. The Treasury Board ought to have examined into it I if the noble Lord found the evil lay at the Imprest - office : the noble Lord had a clear path to pursue if his inclination had kept pace with his power.

He

> 6 P A R L I A M LN. T A R Y A - 1781V

He&u ), that when he spoke Uft on the fyhjc&, he had expressed a belief that his accounts would not bd passed till that day five years. Probably he had made that remuJt in the hearing of some person belonging 19 the I mpreft - office, y/h might think b ? meant to cenfare that office ( which hcccr -, thinly did not intend ); but he had been since called upon byan, officer belonging to the Imp rest and udd that his accounts would be made up by Christmas next. If facti was the case and any ofher person’s accounts Rood in the fame predicament lyhy oblige them to pay in their reipc < 3ive balances sooner than Christmas, by which time they might have their qui -, etus, and thus a fair, regular conclusion would be put to the, business. He returned to his former argument on the position laid down by him, that this bill took away the only Security a public accountant had, and left him in a ivorfe situatioa than he was before, because it left him no hopes of obtain *, ing his quietus; he contended therefore, that the bill was a violent an unjust, and an oppressive measure. He laid it flawed the noble Lord’s eagerness to grasp at any money within1 his reach, and to lay his hands upon it without at the same time having the lead consideration for the safety of those from whom it was snatched, and who held it merely as a fecuiity to themselves and their families. He laid farther that the strong sense he had entertained of the mahifeft injuf - tjee of thir, induced him to begin the debate; and he concluded with declaring, that he should be against committing, the bill, unless he was allured that some proviso For securtng t/veir quietu to public accountants were introduced into it.

. F$x. Mr. Fox laid, his honourable friend had gone lb fully into the subject, and had touched upon so many of the points he meant to have spoken to, and which he should have argued in the same manner, that it would be neediefs for him to go so much at large into the consideration of the bill as he had intended. Some things, however, concerning himself ‘immediately, he mull take that occasion of speaking to; but first, he could not help telling his honourable friend, that he appeared to him to have spoken rather though tleflly, when he had informed the House, that he was by no means personally concerned or interested in the pie lent bill, bccapfe undoubtedly his honourable friend, being, like hitnfelf, a. public accountant, he held is eftafe, his fortune, every fhiL ling of property he had in the world, at the mercy of go - wamept; a predicament, in which, he : conceived, no man

could

At 1781. D" E F; A T '

coald - Hand, a « h feel himself either unconcerned or contented. As otic of the executors of the late Lord Holland, he wax hi feme decree a public ccpuntaut, he felt therefore for, himself, and he felt for his4 > ephew and for others of his fa - ipily, who, while the accounts of his father remained unpaf -, fed, could osake no transfer of property of any kind; and, whether they ever should be enabled so to do, nauft, if the bill parted, depend altogether on the kindnels of Government. Perhaps he had no more estates himself to fell, but he felt for. tLofe who had. bought those elates of him, which he hacT eipOycd under his father’s will/bccause the title to those estatea was and must be a precarious one till the accounts to which he had alluded had parted, and he and the other ex - < CutOfs and representatives of his father had obtained a quietus. He put the case of any perfoa ' s offering to fell an estate on the part of his. nephew. Who would buy it} The person to whom it should be offered would naturally say, " Why, Lord Holland was a public accountant, and his accounts are not vet parted ? " " No matter ( the reply would bp ) Lord

Holland’s baHance is but 400, 0001. and that is ready to be pafid in whenever his accounts, are parted, which it is expelled will soon happen. " Would it not be likely, - that the person to whom the purchase should he proposed, would answer tp this } "You talk of a balance of 400, 099 !.. Lord Holland had forty millions, to account for, and how do I know, when the account comes to be settled and parted, but; that, the balance may turn out to be four millions, and that this estate, jf I purchased it, may be iejfed by an, extendi" In this way, said he, will men reason till the accqunts re;

in what light then, ought the present bill to be regarded, but as an act of the greatest cruelty, of the greaieft violence, of the greatest opprefiiort; As the act of an indolent ounifter, who rteeps over the public concern 1 who is profuse and extravagant beyond all bounds in his corruption one day, rapacious and hungry after money thp next ! who cares not how much he wades, provided bp can by any means, no matter how unjust, how unwarrantable, ferae upon more to use to the fame wicked and dctcstable purpose

He said,. he had not, and he took ftiaine to hiipfelf far it, attended the House on the first day that the bill was debated, but he had uoderstood it enacted, that an indemnification should be given to those who paid in their balances. Under this information he had been tolerably content, and should have salt no forlpf unpafiness at sufferipg very Hulling of

tire

PARLIAMENTARY ' A. ij ? i *

the 400, 0001. due from the representatrves of his father robe paid in, had an indemnification in the teal fenfeof the word, been given; but to his utter astonishment, when he cameto read the bill, he found that, for the first time, the word indemnification did not mean that the persons to whom it was delivered, should be be indemnified by it, but barely meant, a common receipt for so much on account, He said the executors of his father had met some time since, and it had been propqfed to pay ip 200, cool. to the Exchequer, in part of the whole; that he at the time, was adverse to the ptoposition, arguing, that the larger the balance the greater the probability of the accounts being soon settled by the auditors of the Imprest, in order that the First Lord of the Treasury might have the money at his disposal. His opinion was nor acceded to by the othpr persons present, ancT from a diffidence of His own opinion, when a majority thought differently from him, he gave way; the proportion was in consequfence putin prp£tice, apd the 200, 0001. paid in He had ( ince been more and more convinced he was in the right, and if it was to do over again, knowing as he did, that when the Exchequer had received every shilling they could claim, ' the noble lord in the blue ribbon would be in no hurry to urge the aaditors of the Imprest to pass the accounts, he would resolut ABtlTiod firmly persist in opposing the paying in of a ( ingle ( Hilling till the account ? lyere ready to be passed and a quietus was to e obtained. /

The having a large sum of the public money in hand, wit, he observed, at all times a matter that gave rife to much envy, and consequently drew upon the parties holding that pioney no jnconsiderable share of obloquy. Something however was due to the public accountant, as well a ? to Ihcpublic, and if the latter was intitled to expect its own at the hands of the former, the former indifpptably had a claim to a full security and an ample acknowledgment and an indemnification, when the balance in hand was discharged. The present bill violated this equitable poiition; it claimed the balance, while it denied the ' security to the balance holder. Nor was it confident with the noble lord ? s own opinion, at - declared upon oath before the commissioners. He had in his hand the fourth Report of the commissioners, ip page 23 of which was dated the noble lord ? s examination; the concluding words of it were these:

iC He has no objection to pay in the whole balance into the Exchequer, either upon receiving a quietus, or a security

- equivalent

. JkjijBi. ... D; E fi A T £ S.

; equivalent to quietus that may equally secure him ( elf an < l rfofc family : fr many farther claims from the public uport apa+ tt late Pay mailer of the Forces, "

. In thi part of the examination the ijoble lord had himself _ held, out - the fanje argument justified by his honourable friend. he b ) e lord waited an indemnification ) in the true ienfe. of the wordy apd did pot talk of a bare tally of the £xcheT quer,. vrhkh yvas in fact, no more thah a common receipt ! the argument then rest on that examihation, and jet the : 7DQhlc lord be himself the umpire of the objections stated by hid - hioonrabk friend and himself

,; ^, T; he honourable gentleman took occasion to notice the great, i are of obloquy which had been cast on a near relation of kn who Was a public accountant for many millions, and : was now no more He said, those who were lead acquainted with public accounts, the manner of dating them, the, progress of them, thrpugh office > ( and the itiode of their being smally Rafted, were always most eager to find fault, even Where there wasnocause; It was so in the case of the perfori r m whom he alluded; that person had been called the defaulter of unaccounted millions, when it was well known, by those - fmyerftnt in public business,. that the cry was ill - founded andtmjuft, the person in question hot having been any more defaulter; than the honourable gentleman who now - held the office. The person of whom ht was speaking, had JDpyer deserved thp obloquy that had been cast on h m 5 but. the qircuinftance which gave rife to it, he had ever considered, and his friends had considered as the greatest misfortune of f jbis life j viz. The having been at all connected with adrni - uistrationin. the beginning of the present reign. Such, he, fhid, was the intricacy and impenetrable my fiery of Govern -, Ques& in this unfortunate reign; such the dark, imperfect; and concealed system mmifters pursued, that it was im - pofhbie forby - stariders to deyelope the cloud in which every - thing was wrapped; inipoftible for the public tp know the - real from the oftenftble minister, pr to discover. who had. power and who had not ! So circumstanced, they could not tell the minister of power from his instruments, and when public measures proved by their issue tp. be weak,; absurd, and unjust, it frequently happened, that the odium and the blame fell upon the innocent, while the guilty escaped, and those got oft without censure who planned the ill - concerted febemes, while others who had no fihare in the guilt sustained all the disgrace and all the detestation that followed. So it was S s s 2 with

PARLTAfflENT ART.

with the person to whom ' he hfed alluded; That jpetfpn Wfe in no degiec the author - of the milchiefs which mistaken ttca had ignorantly imputed to him Hehad not the powfeifto prevent what he as muchdHVrked as any one eThtsmdft calumniatory traducers *, k wasa ' - fact wCFT "known to his family, well known to all who came near him, that he ibteft

heartily deplored his not having that power at the ' firae; and that he never forgave himfvlf for mingling with‘those - fco had, and did not use it for the good and for the h6nd « v >

their country ! With regard to the puffing of his account *; it happened hickily for him, that it did nefyreft ott htraflerdott

’ to make out a proof, that the fault lay not with the pbdjja in questrorr, nor With his fatmfy. Fortunately djCre Hls much better evidcnck of" the fa&. It was ho other tBa a tic

Ereat difficulty and the extreme - length of time it cpft fheia&e ord Chatham to get his accounts paf&d, sthd Obtain Ms quietus. The late ’ Ears 6f Chatham, it was wdH known,

' for which lie neither blamed him nor was ready say & greatly admired him, did not make a fhtfl ’ ing advtlntwje 6f all the public money that lay in his hinds; the teas

placed eitheFin the Bank of England or at a private And yet ndtwitlvflanding this circumstance,. BOtwjthftaiflfiitg the great influence which the nobleEarfrhad, at tunes, the country; notwithstanding his anxiety, statetl by hit honourable friend, and the endeavours he made to get biSMae - counts settled by the auditors of the Imprest, it was a known fa& that the nobk lord fitted his office of Paymaster General in 1755, or ' thereabouts, and did not obtain his quietus "till 1769. Lord Holland, he was willing to tovXc&l ffd indeed it was uleless to deny it, made advantage of the pffo - lic money while it1 remained in hb bauds. And here ' he wds ready to throw down his gauntlet *. and to argue and maitttAi ' it again A whoever maintained a contrary opinion/thatTf a public accountant held himself able at all times, without - pef - : iibilityof check or prevention, to produce die whole ef ' the public money in his hands, whenever he was called upon fb to do, it was in that case a matter of perfect indifference % > the public Whether he used it for his own advantage or siot. Lord Holland, however, was always ready; nay, more, Ite was always desirous to account. HiivepielentRtWes lMuHbccn be fame, as die noble lord Vrell knevV; and he cidled upcfa thim to declare, if they had not, by every - possible means, ‘urged and intreated• thedflkes ro. pafs1 their accounts : but if lLord Chatham, under the ircun imces described, - watnwc

;. able

. it. yw

D E 4 A "T £/\ft

oget > h1$ accounts prif&flht a Sorter4j > rioe of tirfre &afc ‘thirteen years, ' fotely ' no mart would contend thn ’ Lord 8ol -

• kax ) ' CXUcritorscoul d get theirsiccobnts p dia ' lese, efpe - •scialty ' as t yam < tafttedtofWke < hc - sum.

The whole evil he infixed on it, lay with the Boar - 4 of rekfuty ancMhc rrbtiie ’ k d blue ribbon} whom he

charged wkh the groflfeft indolence" and - negligence; ani Whp, - he said, wanted to shift the blame due to hitnfelf upon tie fbouMers of < t4ie public ’ i/ obmants. With regard to the - conttoifftob ' of Wt ti&, ' U : wasdb palpably meultt to divert; the attention of the public from the noble lord s mal - adm ? -

gistration, and tall it off ' from modern meaAires} - by tarding - it upon she n&e&fures of old times that, be declared. He Pondered the IdOA of - throwing out a tab tb 4he whale had - new before ' suggestfed itfelftothe mind of ma fc cemjd te - ly did fhat ' idea meet the whole‘manoeuvre c tfheeoibmiflloin - iff accounts, - filled by generAi Officers, Mailers in Chancery, - Whenhaots, rind men of rill others the least proper - to correct utbe evils in qnfeftion. He obferVed also, thfct - as an froOour - - able gentleman had feid, in a former debate, the cousmuf -

fionew had not orily been - nominated by che noble lord in the - blue ribbon, but that theiriuft inquiries had obVioofly been •pointed ©Of ngriinft d Hear ( led ixlinffters and their difearded adherents. qt ’ Was evriAentJ therefore, - that the" noble k d with - to irihe advantage ' of the first cry of expence, and £ o turn ii tebis awn bcnehf ? by making ' it ehe irrstrument of ' irarnaflkig - th&fe who had uniformly oppoied the ’ measures of

Idtis goWitoiWeftt *; ’

The Treasury, he repented : if, ought to have examined - Into the i « ule < of - the delay in passing the public Accounts, and, If they found it toy Wish the auditors of the ‘Idsprrff, the t hdafery bvight‘tohave immediately put - it out of the power of those auditors to have rentfiifted any longer the cause of such - delay. The itoble lord, be remarked, Hi the conrfe of his Thon©urobfri frientf s speaking, had, as i f be felt h imfdf prO - yoked, called out in a most difordefly way, ‘That hebrid inquired ogain And again ) What did this prove i—flfll greater riegligence in the noble lord. It proved that the mif - ( chief - was so glaring that it routed the noble lord from his, aOeuftornbdfk/of indolence, ‘but‘that though he went the eff an ' idquiiy, heflopped ftiort in the middle of the - bonne fe; and uven afterdve ’ bad ascertained the evil, Oeglefred toiapply the vxmedy. Why did not the noble lord bring hi

weight

PARLIAMENTARY ' I ) f.

weight in that House he would ' have found QO ' dtfficulty rh passing such a bill. It was his duty to have dooe lb, and not to have delegated the powers of Parliament to an uif - heard ' of let of commissioners of accounts to do hi duty for ‘ him.

Another objection he had. to the bill was, he declared it to be a bii} of influence. He thought the power of appointing a r Paymaster of the Army and a Treasurer of {he Navy a sum -. cient degree of ministeria ! patronage. It was now evident that ministerial influence wished to go much farther; it extended even to persons out of place. and in avowed opposition; for what Pay mailer out of office could be said to be inde pendent of Ministry till his accounts were passed ? His honourable. friend, who began the debate, notWithstanding he. was every way independent in principle and spirit, was indif - putably dependent on ministers at that moment, and so he mufl remain till he could obtain his quietus; which reded altogether, or would rest altogether, after the bill passed, on. the will of the noble lord in the blue ribbon, who hid at once the power of quickening the passing the accounts of other accountants, just as he chose to exercise it either way. He put this argument into several shapes, and said, had his right honourable friend, the present paymaster, continued I a ft year to entertain sentiments similar to those which he and his friends avowed, and which the right honourable gentleman seemed, more than once inclined to adopt, be verily believed Ministers; would have attempted to have given him as modi uneaiiness as possible. He knew his right honourable frieftd was superior to their impotent malice; and indeed his favour able conduct lince, with respect to Ministers, had rendered it unnecessary. He said, that when he was himself examined before the commissioners, he thought it his duty to slate, cc that there was a litigation depending between the executors of Lord Holland and Mr. Robert Paris Taylor, who was one of his deputies, the determimation of which might afieft the balance due from the late Lord Holland, as Paymaster of the Forces; as much of that balance as might be srfFefted by. that litigation, he objected to the payment of into the Exchequer; as to the residue, he had no objection, upon obtaining, a quietus, or an indemnification equivalent thereto. " By this declaration he was ready to abide, but to be obliged. to give up the balance on any other condition, he should coif - fider, as being forced by the strong hand of power to submit. to an act at once oppressive, violent cruel, and unjust. JHe

contended

A. I 781,

DEBATES.

contended jlKo that the object was not worth the violence of the measure, for that in fatt the noble lord was grasping at the mere interest of two hundred thousand pounds for a few months only, fine *. if Lord Holland’s accounts were passed by Christmas the whole of the balance would be paid at that tune.

Lord North roCeas soon as Mr. Fox fat down, and said -,

after having stated on his first motion, for the House to go into a committee upon the Reports of the Commissioners of Accounts, that he meant to bring in a bill, to oblige all those accountants, who had large balances of the public money in band, to pay those balances into the Exchequer, in order that in the present exigency of affairs, the public might have the pfe of their own money; and after Caving heard it repeatedly - admitted on all tides of the House, that such a proposition was perfc&ly just and reasonable, he was not a little astonish - cd at hearing the present bill attacked as violent, oppressive, cruel, and unjust ! From the language that had been used by the two honourable gentlemen that day, had he not known the contrary, he should have been tempted to suppose that the bill, then under contideration, was neither more nor left than a daring attempt to snatch the private fortunes of individuals out of their pofleltion, and apply them to the use of Kfie Hate; nay, a mere stranger would undoubtedly hive car *

ried his ideas farther, and imagined, from the, extraordinary deg reeof harshness with which his conduct had been treated, that he meapt to appropriate the balances in question to his awn private use, and to put the whole of the money into his pocket. One honoufable gentleman had laid, " the noble lord is extremely rapacious, he grasps at all the money within his reach, he claps his hand upon it, and by the strong arm of power forces it from those with whom it is now lodged. *

Did the honourable gentleman recollect, that the money in question was the money of the public, issued by orders out of she Exchequer, and that all the bill would effect would be, to bring that back to the public Treasury which there was no pretence whatever for suffering to remain longer in the hands of private individuals ? " But gentlemen said, " pass oyr accounts I" " give us our quietus, and then we will pay •ouf balances ! w Certainly, in ordinary titties, balances w. frs not expected, nor usually r ceived from public accountants, except upon the settlement of their accounts; but would apy gentleman contend, that under the present situation of public - afFairij in a moment, when the exigency of the stato hiwas

L,

V ARXIAMEN1 ART

A * ? 8u

Wks so periling tlatoge Aim of, public mon y, evtfry fkiK. ling of which was1 wanted for the public use, ought to be fuf », fered to remain iit private hanfek, and in thdfe hands ffofl; vfhfeh there would be Jio daH for it in ( moll payments ? At great argument tfrfed by the honourable gentleman who spoken, was, that the present bill put the public account id; *, wo‘rfe < rtua i6it > than they Were in at prefen *. This afldr - tion he most deny. The bill obliged public a eOmHawts tfc say in their balances, but it give them an indtfiva&cattoft. fromf att claims to which those balances would be liable Od pay ing their balances into the Exchequer they would receiv *. an Exchequer tally, produccable at any time as an at&pb. prdof that thty had discharged their balances as far as thofb. balances coudd be ifceriaittad till their accounts were finally, settled.

Another argument, much pfe ’ fTed by both the hovtovrabb gentlerocoy was €t that the Board of Treasury, and he at *. Fitft Lord of that Board had been extfdxngty Negligent and > extremlely indhfent; if therd was a fault in the confthutiwt of the impffcft - offke, they odght to have exjttnined into it *; and to have provided a remedy. ™ The time of bririging forward this argument was fdrety somewhat extraordinary at the very moment that he was urging a bill through Parliament, the object of which was to rdtntdy in, some degree *, the defeats of that office, by bringing the balances of the public accountants much earlier into tha Exchequer that they otherwise would have been brought forward ! With re -, gard *. however, to the inquiry into the cause of the complaint the Board Of Treasury ( so much reprobated ) had been extremely ihduftrious, and had tried, by every means ift it power, to quicken the passing of public accounts. The Board had sent for the Auditors nepeatedly; they had ibolbed arid. threatened; in short, they had d6ne every thing vin tfctff power to give more dispatch to the passing of the publk ic - > county till at last, finding a Parllamentai ' y prortfion foi the purpose necessary, they had obtained an authorising 9 < commission of accounts, filled by men of acknowledged ability and integrity, \Vho were directed facially to examine and Inquire where the fault lay. This was furdy proceeding ia he fairest and most certain way, both with regard to the evil in question and to the ascertaintuent of a fit and effeflua Remedy. 4i Oh but ( said gentleitieri ) that commission it ffierely a tub to the whale ! It was intended to divert the pub ? lie from other inquires of greater importance and w > ici

'. .. ' ’ went

i > e & A f r

\rcnx irfrmediatety to the measures of the noble lord ana his colleagues. " Divert the public attention ! he begged to know f¥6ri what ? Was thferc &Angle measure of Ad mini ft ration, - licit only during the last twelvemonth, but during the whole; wir that had not been examined, ferutinifed, placed In crcry polfible point of view, reviled, abused, condemned ! What was the public diverted from ? Why, fays one gen - ‘ tfcmarT, " the attack made by an honourable member on the ' Civil List. "/ Had the honourable gentleman forgot, that riotwuhftancfing the act authorising a commission of accounts/ puffed a yeat ago, tKe honourable member alluded, to had renewed his attack tipon the Civil List ? And what did tfnft attack go to ? not to any offices or places created by Win Ot under \uiadministration, but old establishmenu fbunded under ministers often talked of with great applause ^. CJf the propriety of that attack Parliament had been the judges and had decided against it. Iii that case, therefore Co blank was surely imputable to him.

One gentleman had said, if the clerks, &c. in the office of ttie Auditors of the Imprest are too few they ought to be increased; He, at the same time, had stated, that Lord Chatham was thirteen years in passing his accounts, and yet h Bad owned; what every one must acknowledge, that Lord Chatham had great influence. What Was this btit a clear acquittal of the present Board of Treasury, because every body knew ? mat Lord Chatham’s accounts, and the time thus elapsed before they were passed, was that interval in which the Duke of ' NeWcastle, Mr. Grenville, Lord Rockingham, and the Duke of Grafton, were the Ministers ? If, therefore, the JBoard of Treasury was to blame for not altering the mode of passing the public accounts, those first Lords of the Treasury were, at least, as much to blame as he was; the charge was more ftnong against them too, as the time it took to pais Lord JChatham s accounts was a time of profound peace, in whicK ihe minister’s attention might much more eaflly have bead directed to an improvement of a civil nature than at present, in the midst of an extensive, busy, and complicated war.

But gentlemen had expressed great fear of not having their accounts ever passed if the balance was paid in before their quietus was obtained; and had said, their Security would then no longer exist, fihee the money was the only spur that remained to induce the Treasury to quicken the Auditors of the Impteft as much as - possible. This was surely rather an fpttraordinary argument, and he was not a little surprised to

Voi. Ilt Ttt faeai

47

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

hear gentlemen ask, when the balances were paid in, what inducement would remain with the Auditors of the Impress and with the Exchequer to pass their accounts ! what inducement ? He would tell the House what. One great inducement would be, the fees payable at the Exchequer, and which were payable only on the passing of the accounts, and the granting the quietus. It had been contended, however, that the quietus ought to be granted with the balances instead of an Exchequer tally. Was the nature of a quietus per - fe&ly considered when this argument was used ? Did gentlemen recoiled !, that a quietus would efUbiifh and set up as right every lingle article in each account ? and when they recollected this, would any gentleman contend in reason and in fairness, such a general establishment of all the various items ought to be allowed accountants, before those items were severally examined and compared with the proper vouchers f

With regard to the position laid down by the honourable gentleman who spoke Jafl, that if a public accountant was at all times ready to produce and pay in the full amount of the public money in his hands, it was a matter of indifference to the public what use he put it to till it was called for; he was ready ro admit it, but then he must be allowed to say, that, if the full balance was taken out of a puolic accountant’s hands, it was not probable that he would be flower in preparing his accounts for passing; which ’, added to the inducement there was in the Auditors of the Imprest to obtain their fees, would render the passing of the accounts as speedily as possible, a matter equally desirable on both Tides. As to Lord Holland’s accounts, they were so extremely different in their nature, and flood in such a different predicament from the accounts of Lord Chatham, that he could only consider all that the honourable gentleman had said on the comparison as a heap of contradictions. Undoubtedly the arguments that applied to the one would no more apply to the other than, it was correspondent with common sense to charge the present Treasury - board with negligence and indolence for not applying a remedy with regard to the present mode of passing the public accounts ., in the very moment when they were applying that remedy, and which no preceding Treasury - board had ever attempted. As to ( he want of dispatch, in relation to Lord Holland’s accounts, the Board of Treasury had repeatedly examined into the catife of it, and had once directed the two auditors to employ more

ckrks

479

A. 1781. DEBATES *

clerks for the purpose. One of them had complied with the direction, but the other ( a gentleman lately dead ) had refitted, and had aligned as a reason, that if he added any given number, such was the state of the progress of the accounts in their passing, that they would not. be the more ( peedily dispatched.

His Lordship, in answer to the aHertion that the commis - fipners ought to have endeavoured to find out some better method of passing the public accounts, said, that was the njaiii object of their commission; but they had not as yet got at it. What Parliament had judged proper for them first to make the object of their inquiry they had turne, d their first attention to j the other matters, he trusted, they would consider, and report upon in due time. The. present bill was founded on their fourth Report; the object of it was opened by him to the House before Easter, and the bill itself had been brought in as early as was coufiftent with that candour which ought to mark such a measure. He said farther, that he had, in his progress, allowed full time between each of its stages for gentlemen to consider it with. due deliberation.

With regard to the t : me of paying in the balances, he was far from wishing to make that a matter of inconvenience to the public accountants. He would fix it for any day in November, or whenever gentlemen chose, so as to bring it within the Ways and Means of the year, he knew not, however, where the honourable gentleman got his notion of the Auditors of the Imprest being able to pass his accounts by Christmas next. He did not himtelf think it polfible for them to be passed in so short a time. His Lord - ftiip stated, that the whole of the money which the public would have the use of, if the present bill passed both Houses, would not be To mere a trifle as the honourable gentleman, who spoke Iaft, had Hated it to be. The amount of the ba lances, ( Lord Holland ’ s, and those of the other accountants pot together, ) would be at least 400, 0001. of which he had himself and his colleague full 63, 000b to pay into the Exchequer. He concluded with declaring, that he trusted the bill would be considered as very necdlary, and that it would be suffered to go into a committee.

Mr. Fox role to explain, and charged the noMe Lord Mr. F « *. With having misrepresented what he said. He had never ftiggefted that the balance of Lord Holland’s accounts was j Ot the public money; he had only contended, that Lord Holland’s repreleqtatives ought to have an indemnification

T c t % for

4$o PARLIAMENTARY A. ? 7 fr

for paying that balance into the Exchequer. He charged the1 noble Lofd with having infinusted what he knew was not in any degree founded. The noble Lord, he laid, had argued, that if all the balances of the public accountants were paid in, those accountants would not be flower in expediting the passing of their accounts. This, he asserted, was an insinuation that some had been more flow than they ought to have been; a charge ' he defied the noble Lord to make out.

Mr. Fox offered on the part of Lord Holland’s representatives, that the whole balance of his Lordship’s account ‘should be paid into the Bank, there to abide the passing of the accounts, and contended, that the public had no right to handle it till they ( his fathers representatives ) had obtained their quietus. '

Mr. r. Mr. T. Townftend role to call for ap explanation on th point. He said, if the noble Lord doubted of hii ' having paid his balance into the Bank he might call Mr Beckwith, of Mr. Aiflabie’s office, to the bar tc rore it *

Id. Worth. Lord North replied to both gentlemen, and declared, - he

had used the argument at which the honourable; gentleman had taken offence merely as a general argument, without meaning to aim an insinuation at any particular individual, or to impute blame any where. His Lordship spoke also to other particulars of his former speech that had been misunderstood.

IfA. Mabin. Lord Mahon pressed the noble Lord to accede to Mr. Fox’s proposal of paying the money into the Bank, and declared, ' that in the committee he should move that the balances be paid into the Bank, and not into the Exchequer.

Sir Grty Sir Grey Cooper rose to defend the Treasurr. He said thfe£ C /#r. Mr. Townshend, in describing the condutt of the Exchequer in obtaining and passing the public accounts, had not ' sufficiently marked a very necessary distinction, and it was this : after an accountant had been fomc time out of office, the Exchequer ordered iffucs ad computandum, issues to ofo - i lige the accountants to render an account; which accounts, when rendered, went, as the honourable gentleman had described, to the King’s Remembrancer, and thence onwards to the Auditors of the Imprest, to be examined and passed Sir Grey declared, that the Board of Treasury had many times interfered with the Auditors of the Imprest, and in particular with regard to Lord Holland’s accounts; when, as the notfo Lord had stated, one Auditor had immediately complied with, die directions of the Board, and taken more clerks into employ, 1 but

G

± ytff. DEBATES,

fmt the other Auditor ( Mr. Aiilabie ) had refund, alledging, that the accounts of Lord Holland were in that itage of cxar mutation that new and raw clerks could not forward then at all; tut that what remained to be done, respecting them rvuft be done by experienced persons, and those only who bad long been converts qt with the business of the Exchequer.

Sir Grey said farther, that the Auditors had many times promi fed, that the accounts should be passed against Christ - mas, but that every year before Christmas arrived, forne - thing intervened to prevent the fulfilment of their promise.

Lord Howe laid a few words, respe&ipg his own particular Lord fkuation as a quandum treasurer of the navy.

Mr. Burke charged Lord North with having said, the Mr. fault was in the confutation of the Jrapreft - office, notwithstanding which, instead of attempting to correfl that evil, he had contented himself with seizing upon the money, and Ukwg away the security that the public accountants had ;, and yet when an attempt was made to correS the inconvenient forms of the Exchequer, by which the passing of thp accounts might be Amplified and expedited, as well as relieved from the burthen of those fees of office which were jo justly complained of, and which ought to be abolished, be reprobated the principle of the bill as it now flood, and called upon the House to alter it, in so far as to give fair aj > d honourable security to the accountant, from motives of policy as well as juflic *. The Hjufe oijght to reflect that the office of apt accountant would not be very desirable if it was to subject the holder to all the danger and misfortune of nunifterift} caprice, or tyranny, or ir. justice. If the House jvished that the public should be served honestly and purely, they mui make the Servants of the public Tecurc and independent when they have acquitted themselves of their charge. Kefponfibility should continue no longer than trust; and it became Parliament to make the road to clearance and dif - c barge, in case of rectitude, as even and easy as the road to ptmUhfHent, in case of defaultacion.

Mr. Courtnaye, in a short speech, recapitulated what had Mr. Gwrf -

been said for and against the bill, and concluded by expref - r e ' sing his high respect for the chara£ler, abilities, % and integrity of the honourable gentleman ( Colonel Bacre ) whofug - gefted the hint for a Commission of Accounts. The noble lord in the blue ribbon had indeed taken up the idea, and ( ih his opinion ) improved on it, by framing the present bill,

Which gave it vigour, efficacy, and utipty. The eulogium

V.. of I

I

4 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

of the commissioners had been re - echoed from all parts of the House; there was not only, Mr. Courtnayeobserved, a / « - dm ordo; there was a lucid, brevity, an accuracy, an arrangement, a compression of thought in their Reports, very different ( as he had heard from old members of Parliament ) from those voluminous inexplicable Reports which used to encumber the table. The noble lord in the blue ribbon had derived credit and popularity by introducing the bill; the present opposition to it proved both its utility and the envy it excited. An honourable gentleman had said, the hoble lord’s motion was solely to extend the influence of the Crown, by appointing Commissioners of Accounts, and to prevent fu - turc committees and associations. He believed the noble lord had no such delign in framing the bill; but if it eventually checked the growth of associations and committees it was an additional advantage to the public; the honourable gentleman had also confured the noble lord for procraftina tion, but if the noble lord had procrastinated, at leallin respect to the present bill, Tome gentlemen would perhaps be better pleased.

He concluded, by saying, that as corruption, subservie ncy, and such harsh epithets had been applied to those who chofc to support fulministration, he hoped he was in the bounds of order, by allufively at least pointing at the malice of their opposition in the present instance. The noble lord in the blue ribbon, he observed, was in the fame predicament as another man of great merit in his profession; the late Sir Godfrey Knelter; who, like the noble lord, had the misfortune of not being able to please every body; as the noble lord had framed this excellent bill, so Sir Godfrey had drawn1 a very fine portrait of a young man of fashion, possibly a member of Parliament; but when his relations - viewed the picture, they expressed their disapprobation of it, ( like the gentlemen in opposition ); Sir Godfrey indignantly turned ( as the noble lord might do ) to one of his friends, and exclaimed, " I vow to God I never drew a better picture in my life, but I have thrown some sense into the face, and now they are angry, because they do not know their own fool again. "

Sir George Sir George Savile said nothing was more evident than that SaviU. in the fame proportion, that the public had a right to the balances the accountants had a right to have their accounts palT d, and to their quietus. It was perfectly new to him, to demand a balance before an account was. settled, and ht

fllQUld

9

A. 1781. DEBATES. 4

should have thotght it reasonable to have said to the Conr - missioners, when they demanded to know the amount of his balance ( had he been examined ) - u I do not know what ' it is as yet; when my account is settled I will tell you the amount of the balance. "

At length the House went into the committee ;, in which the blanks were filled up. The day of payment was fixed, for the 24th of October.

Lord Mahon moved to leave out the words c < be paid into Ld. his Majesty’s Exchequer, " and insert in their {lead, " be paid into the Bank of England. " The committee divided on the question, that the former words Hand part of the clauie,

Ayes 103; noes 22. )

Lord Howe aiked a few questions, which were refblved by LordiM Lord North.

Mr. Fox also wanted to move, that Lord Holland’s repre - Mr. fentatives pay in only such part of his Loirdship’s balance aa was not litigated.

Lord North explained to him, that if all were paid in, it

would be the fame thing, as in that case the public must Hand the charge of the suit.

The bill got through the committee.

Mr. Fox brought in his bill to amend the Marriage - act. Mr.

It was read a hrft time, and ordered to be read a second time on Friday next. Mr. Jolliffe said he would oppose it in every stage.

June 12.

Mr. Foxy pursuant to notice called the attention of theMr *

House to the American war. He began by observing, that this subject had undergone a recent difeuilion upon a motion made by his honourable friend, Colonel Hartley, in consideration of which he should not now have troubled the House with a proportion built on the fame basis, but that iince the late occasion an argument had presented itself, more unan - fwerable in its nature, and more efficacious, as he had reason to hope with gentlemen on the other fide than any thing that he or his friends could advance; their assertions might be questioned, but those of Lord Corwallis he trusted would have all the weight which the abilities, experience, and high professional reputation of that General might fairly challenge.

He had a paper in his hand, the late Gazette ?, from which, on the authority of Lord Cornwallis, the impra&icability of conquering America was plainly deducible, and on that alone

i

PARLIAMENTARY A. t78f.

fee meant to rest his argument to - day as the heft metm of avoiding those stale repetitions so often complained of, when the prfefent subject ( fame before Parliament $ the fabjfeft might be old, but the field of reasoning woufld now have an ahr of novelty. Hefhould therefore confine himfdf entirely to the Gazette, it was an authority to which gentlemen oh the other fide of the House would not object, and he begged patience of the House would bear him company in giving k an attentive examination. This paper certainly confirmed every thing that had been advanced by his honourable friend and himself on the former occasion; but if it could be permitted him to be jocular on such a subject, he might beg the House to believe there was no collusion in the Cafe, the Gazette neither having been framed by his authority, nor he having had any previous knowledge of its contents.

He remembered well the principal argument urged from 4he oppoiire benches, and on which the debate chiefly hinged, was a lignal vittory; which, said those gentlemen whoopposed the motion of his honourable friend, will call ( he rebels to the British standard. The victory has finee come confirmed; the British standard has been erected; but what then were the predicted fruits of what he was tempted to call this pretended victory ? Nothing but difeppointment; nothing but misfortune; he would not say public disgrace The truth was, the victory of Guildford, as it was called, drew liter it all the consequences of something very nearly allied Ott & decisive defeat. Lord Cornwallis did not fly from the enemy; but. indisputable fadte bordhim out in affirming, that if Lord Cornwallis had been vanquished, instead of being the temporary victor, his operations, or rather movements, could not have bore a more unfortunate aspect. He no longer pursued the object of his expedition; he no longer fought the enemy, even in their flight. - Nay, more, he in art iu - stant reling ' uished all the advantages he had gainedwish so much difficulty; which had been attended with circumstanets which reflected so much honour upon himself as a commander, and upon the very gallant, " but ill - fated body of men whom he led to glory, and to every thing but ldbftintial. success.

From the report of Earl Cornwallis, there was the tnoft conclusive evyJence, that the war in which we were engage ! was at once impracticable in its object and ruinous in m progress. It furnished us with the materials and grounds both of triumph and dejc&ion, both of glory and detyirr. It

shewed

I

L

5T3

A % D E B A T E 8

shewed us, that beneath the conduct of that brave rtaii,. & body of British troops had ailed up to all the expectations thatcould he formed of their enterprize and their valpur; and at the same time taught us, that neither spirit nor per - severance; neither good conduit in the commander por courage in the soldiery, could prevail in a contest founded in evident madness and inconsistency.

He wished, he said, to examine the information which WO had received from Earl Cornwallis pretty elofely. The noble lord said, that the objeH of the campaign was to penetrate into North Carolina. ’ This the honourable gentleman said surely could not have been sufficient of itself to sanctify ait expedition of so much certain expence and probable danger j and his Lordship very properly gives the farther explanation in a subsequent passage, by laying, that " it yvas to give prote&ioo to the many loyalists that there were in North Carolina, and to bring them to the British standard. " From whom his Lord ship received this information he could not pretend to guess; moll likely he had received it from this country, where all fttch information had had its rife and its currency. Undoubtedly there was some reason to apprehend that there might be some men in North Carolina, who on the approach of his Majesty’s arms, might have joined them; for previous to the present contell there were a set of men in this province, a fort of banditti, who infefted the peaceable inhabitants, and against whose depredations it had been found necessary to guard, by putting arms into the hands of a number of orderly persons, who were called regulators. To be sure it was not altogether unreasonable to hope but that these banditti, who had maintained a fort of intestine war against the old established government of the province, might be expelled to join those who came like them ( elves to attack that government. To men of such a description all government would be alike, and they would be ready to join any force whatever that came with hostile intentions against the settled power of the country. But even those expectations, if any such were formed, had been difr appointed, and the whole objell of the campaign had failed. This failure, he said, must have propeeded from either of these three causes : First, that their mull have been some ef lextial dtfefts in the plan j secondly, that the means, most ppt luyc been adequate, to the objell; and thirdly, that there pnsft have arise i certain unforeseen contingencies, applicable AMcpmpajgp pnly which had defeated the end As he. You Iu U u u could

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781; '

could not for a moment suspect that either of the ' two former could be held up to Government as the causes of our failure, in regard to themselves or to the commander, whose {kill, enterprize, and perseverance, were justly praised, he could only have recourse to the lad, as the only probable cause that could be urged by ministers of the calamities of the campaign. With this view, therefore, he would examine the contents of Earl Cornwallis’s dispatches, to fee if his information would bear minister’s out in this argument. He here turned to the; Gazettee extraordinary, and by commenting on every passage, he {hewed the House that the obstacles were not temporary nor peculiar; they were not applicable only to this campaign, nor such as were either unforeseen or unexpected. They were obstacles incident to the nature of the war, and which we should always have to encounter and to surmount while the constitution of nature remained the fame. They were the obstacles of rivers, of a deep interfered country, of impassable marshes, of a difafFeCled people, of " timid friends, and of inveterate enemies. " Such was the state of the country that he could not procure provisions for his small army, while that of General Green, so much more numerous, found no such want. Such was the state of that service that he had not been able even to procure intelligence. So timid, as he expressed it, were the friends of government in that country, ( rppresented as so favourable, that they would be ready to flock to the royal stand - ard on its approach ) that they would not even venture to give him intelligence, much less assistance; or only give him delusive and false intelligence, by which he might be led into situations dangerous and difficult for his army.

He made here a just distinction between the conduct of the friends of government in that country and this. There they were so timid, or rather so treacherous, for that was the more applicable epithet, as to give no intelligence; here they were so audacious as to give us intelligence in immense quantities. They tell us every thing. Such was the abundance of intelligence with which they furnished us, that they had hurried us on, from year to year, from effort to effort, from expence to expence, with an avidity which only could be equalled by the timidity and the silence of those friends whom they had left behind. He wiftied to God that those men, who had been so loquacious, in England, had been in, Caro lina, where their audacity would have been of service; and that those timid friends had been in England in their stead# by Which we might have been preserved from ali that for -

rent

A. 1781. DEBATES.

ent of intelligence which had influenced and hurried us into this war, and been provided with a little, of it in the day of Oeceflity, when information was necessary to safety if not to fiicfcefs.

He proceeded next to the battle of Guildford, where the Gazette asserted we had obtained a signal viCfory. This term, he doubted nor, was used by lord Cornwallis in a very proper fenfc, for he could only attend to the disproportion between the two armies, in which point of view, no doubt, fhat a viCfory should be gained on our fide was very astonish - ing *, and highly to the honour of our troops; but if the con - iequences of the action were to be regarded, then he must tmderstand the word signal in a very different sense, and allow •the viCfory to haVc been signalifed by drawing after it the fame identical effects that might have been expected from a - defeat. Had our army been vanquished, whit course could •they have taken ? Certainly, they would have abandoned the field of action, and flown for refuge to the sea - fide; now these are precisely the measures we were obliged to adopt after the affion at Guildford, the victorious army leaving the ‘field, abandoning the future objeCf of its expedition, and retiring to the fleet. Another term used by lord Cornwallis he - must also take notice of; he called his army a little one; and •well indeed might he give it that appellation, since his whole force did not amount at the utmost to three thousand men. - He took that number, merely to avoid a contradiction that ‘isight divert the current of debate into an improper channel; •for he was credibly informed, the army did not amount to one half the number he had {fated; but taking it at three thousand, then on what principle could ministers even juffify confining the operations of this aCfive and spirited general by so scanty a force ? Little indeed the army was compared to the enemy it combated, but still less if compared to the army effimates voted this session; for it appeared by them, that no - left than eighty - three thousand men were employed in America, including a small number in the Weif - Indics, so that order to bring three thousand men into the field the public were to pay for and provide eighty - three thousand. He did; not mean absolutely to say, that so many were aCfually in the service, perhaps not a tenth part of shem could be produced; but the account of them was to be fecn on the table *; and what language could properly describe the fraudulent conduct of ministers, in imposing so grievous a burthen on the people without noeeffity } He would take, however, if they plcafccf, V u u 2 the

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 *.

the other alternative; he would suppose every man charged iA the estimates to be really employed, and that it was necessary to ke$p eighty thousand on thedefenfive, that three thousand might be brought into the field; need there any thing eifc be prged to prove the ruinous tendency, of the American war ? For lord Cornwallis had dated, as his opinioo, that defeafivt measures would be certain ruin to our affairs, and yet we could not aft offensively, without keeping about a proportion of twenty - five to one iu garrison; nor did this computation jgo far enough; as, besides the eighty - three thousand, opr friends in America were to be reckoned nineteenths - of tjk£ whole; instead of which, however, he was rather inclined Co believe a great part of the former number were necefiaroly employed to watch thenq, indead of their being any wife fetv viceable to our caufp, s k.

From this he deduced the absurdity of attempting to {oo > - tend with France in America t wc had conquered that rpowtar in Germany lad war, as it had been said; for his part, he Farther entertained a different opinion, believing that both powers found that conflict so expensive that they mired from it mutually exhauded, and saw it aofwered to them the end of a War nearer home, by sufficiently weakening each other; but would that equality of expence exist ip thepror sent case ? certainly not; for the minider could not denyi that, if we had a hundred thousand men in America, add France only twenty - five thousand, ( he could bring mofe troops into the field than we; but besides this, allowing me each brought the fame number, our enemy would not inetjr one fifth part of our expences.

After dwelling a considerable time on the illudration of this doctrine, he wound up his comments on the Gazette, by obferying, thaty though lord Cornwallis had done every thkg he proposed, by penetrating into North Carolina; though he had been fortunate enough to come up with General Green, engaged, and defeated him, he had found no one good confer quence of his success, not being joined by any body of Americans, as he expected, nor even retaining the ground open which he had conquered. As, therefore, no unforefeeQ obft T cles had presented themselves, and no ill conduct had attended the execution of the plan, it was undeniable that the project. was a vain one, similar to all the other enterprizes we had formed, during the course of tbfc war; for inimical as the inhabitants of the country were always found, and defended a they vyer - p by natpral barriers, exunfive popqupfts must

A. tj8 r. © E « A T B S.

ever be impra&icabte, and no abilities of the General or va lotir of the troops could avail to any substantial success. This was experienced by General - Burgoyne at Bennington; bf General Howe at Long - Ifiaad; by lord Cornwallis at Guildford; and so it ever mull be found while the cooilitation of things in America remained the fame. Mirvifters had already pved the forume of War in nearly all the Thirteen Provinces; they began - with Massachuset’s Bay, which was, in the first commencement of the war, supposed the only hostile part of the continent; an insurrection in the province of Maflachu - fct’s Bay was the general phraie, and formed the preamble ift every act of Parliament for coercing America $ of course, \ therefore, to fcpprefs that instirre&ioo, was the only object of the war, and Boston was then taken posseftioa of as the only military operation necessary; but, in afhort time, that town abandoned ' Again, and with so much avidity, that a great jftiqyfler of state, now no more, ( Lord Suffolk ) had even Congratulated Parliament on the occasion. We then posseffecL ‘OOrfeWes ’ of New - York, finding the fiame ’ of rebellion had extended, farther southwards, and there continued till this hoar, though it seemed it was not a situation foroffenlive measures. The next enterprize was levelled at the Middle ‘Chlooieg, Philadelphia taken; - which success was preceded by a very important victory; yet that place was also - abandoned mWh to our satisfaction, and the retreat from tfiad xterhifed the name of Clinton, After this we discovered, all at Once, that the Southern Colonies were moil vul - oserable and proper for an attack; a noble lord ( lord We ft cote ) proclaimed their inhabitants to be effeminate and enervated by the heat of the fun; his lordship, being a scholar, reasoned on the topic very scientifically, and his ideas were at ones adopted; Charles - town in confluence was taken; and, but for extraordinary exertions of bravery, would - have turned out a, conquest more injurious to our cause than any of the preceding. In short, w. e had now attempted every province but Virginia and New Hampshire, the latter of which, he was fori; y to find, could not be invaded. without great difficulty; but, as to the fotmer, he understood it was to be the next object of enterprise; now he would be happy to learn, whether after all the Thirteen Colonies had been invaded, without advancing > Ur grand obje£l a ftngle step, ministers would at last consent to relinquish this most destructive war. If he could only pbtain an affiirance of that, he would readily consent to an gUcmptm Virginia, and t ink he made < good bargain for

G.

PARLIAMENTARY A. ijZu

his qonftituents. The honourable gentleman adverted to an Vxpreflion of lord George Germaine on a former day, that ministers surely could not want disposition to a peace, as they had a stake in the hedge. Perhaps it might be objected to him, that not having a stake in the country he was not ftncere in his profeftions, and that his arguments ought therefore to be disregarded. Jt was very true, that his personal interest, his personajl stake in the country was but ( mail : he wouldj however, claim the praise of as nacere a regard for his country as any man in it, be his fortune what it may; and he conceived that his propofttion would not be less attended tot because he Tiimfelf had not the wealth of thbfe men who had been accumulating princely fortunes by the calamities of their country. But if he had no stake, the respectable body of men whom he had the honour to r present, and whose interefh be was appointed to guard, had a stake for which it became bim to be solicitous. The city of Westminster was materially affe£led by the continuance of the war. They hadfof - fered mod severely in the struggle, and he knew that hefpoke their wiflics, when he recommended to ministers to take every possible means of reconciling us with our brethren in America.

After a Variety of other arguments he moved, € < That this House do resolve itself into a committee, toconsiderof the American war and intimated his intention of moving in the ‘committeee, should it be appointed, a resolution, That his Majesty’s ministers ought immediately to take every pof - ftblc measure for concluding peace with our American Colo -

He observed, that this proportion differed essentially from that suggested by his honourable friend on a former occaiipo, for that only provided power to ministers, when the will was wanting; but this laid a parliamentary injunction on them, to supply want of inclination, and left them apply for pow - ' ers, if they should find any neceftity for so doing. He hoped the noble lords in administration would notobjedfc against aay measure tending to peace, though they were a disgrace or humiliation to them; they were blackened enough already, and surely, in his opinion, it could not do much harm to add one more disgrace to the many already sustained. He hoped also not to be answeredas on former occasions, by saying that ministers had a large stake in the country; for it was not their flakes, but thofo of their constituents, for which they were playing : for his own part, it was well known he had

no

t

A.. 1781. D £ B A T E

no flake to lose, but that should not abate his zeal for the public interestj on. the present occasion, he asked no credit for any afiertion he had made, but referred for every thing to the authority of the Gazette, and on that reded his argument.

Lord Wcflcotc said, he was not prepared to follow the ho - Lord WjT nourable gentleman, nor did he mean to combat his argu - /, /e oaents farther than he had formed his opinion upon the apparent tendency and probable effect of the motion, should it he adopted by that House; nor even should he have attempted to draw its attention, if the honourable gentleman had x ? ot thought fit, in the course of his speech, to animadvert upon something which bad fallen from him in the debate fbme years since in that House. He remembered the passage alluded to, and therefore presumed the allusion could be only applicable to the sentiments then delivered by him on the fub - jt&. He acknowledged he had said, that the influence of climate might operate in the southern colonies, and, he believed, universal experience had confirmed the truth of the observation ., He might have said, that the inhabitants of the southern colonies were likely to be enervated by natural ca ’ uses, and ! efs able to resist than those colonies situated to the northward; but he did not ground his opinion on the propriety of carrying on our operations to the southward merely on that ground, but combined with other circum - stances, which came within his knowledge or experience; some perhaps, founded in speculation, others from the fiate and situation of the country, particularly that part of ir, the government of which he had been intruded with by his Majesty : he meant the general disposition of the inhabitants; secondly, the great number of ilaves, and persons employed by the planters, tec. He thought he was well founded in saying, that the resistance was not likely to prove so general in the first instance, nor so effectual in the second; but even allowing there was no ground for the former supposition, the loyal attachment to their sovereign and, this country, there was strong reason to presume, that so effectual a resistance would not be made against the British arms in a country where, beftdes having the horrors of war, and all its dreadful concomitants to encounter, the people would at the same time have the apprehension upon their minds of a more dangerous, because a more cruel enemy, their {laves, servants, tec. to whose mercy and prote&ion, while they were contending

trusted their wives, children, and property *

The honourable gentleman had in verystrong colouring, depicted the miferie which were the corvftq pence of war He hat ) come in for a share; he had felt, and had sufferod in the most tender point [ alluding to the Joss of his son, the honourable Mr. Lyttleton, killed in the naval engagement between the British and French fleets, off the Capes of Vir - ginia, on the 16th of March ] yet he had the consolation to reflect that he had fallen in a just caofc, in averting tbs conftrtutronal rights of his sovereign and his country. But be did not wish to dwell farther on so difagrceable a subject, not with finding everything which had been urged to the contrary by the honourable gentleman, he believed, his general opinion of the practicability of carrying on operation to the southward with success had been confirmed by experience; the inhabitants of those Colonies now acknowledged the sovereignty of Great - Britain, and enjoyed those rights which had been so long with - held from them, through the Oppressive and traiterous conduffc of an internal fa&ioo, sup - ported by the power and aid of a rebel Congress.

He did not mean to rife, but for the reafotv now assigned; yet, as he was up, he entreated the indulgence of the Hoofe while be made a few ftiort observations on the purport and apparent tendency, and the probabk consequences of the motion made by the honourable gentleman, ( kould the House think fit to adopt it; Before he proceeded farther, however, he would just observe, that the particular, as well as general reasons for carrying on operations to the southward, still remained uncontradi&ed, nay, were literally confirmed, for so far from the quotas from - the fouthcra calories being of any material service at the battle of Guildfoi ^, by the best accounts received of that battle, the South and North Carolina militia gave way almost at the first fire, and Bed to the protection of their own homes ' ) while the whole weight of the battle. feH upon the continental troops, and the Maryland and Virginia militia, who were not in general natives of these Colonies, but chiefly Irish, Scotch, anding Jifh; and therefore nothing could be adduced from their cun - < hi& to overturn his opinion. He therefore hardly KpeA cd to have heard4 a charge of misrepresiemaiionr changed upon him, - when, in ihort; every subsequent circumftaace which had since happened, afforded so. many proof thathe had neither been groftly mistaken or misinformed.

The

- > E ' A; - T; 8.

The questiorv, as it prefaced itfolf to the House, he mufft confess, he highly disapproved of \and, if for no other, rdaft Am, because it w « tt fq tie up the of > u « t

necessarily; but what ought infinitely more to be d redded *; ii •would defeat the very r p reputed objects of the motion. ittelf, the bringing about a peace with America *, :; n

The best way to make peace was, io hit - idea to w ££w f manfully; and to make a stand worthy of the ar cifn dignity of this kingdom. Gentlemen had daft year mention tte league of Cambray j and stated it fQ be the cauteqf theder qlinc of the fplendourof Venice; tmfthqy were miftak# for powerful as was that confederacy, it was potable 49 if oil •Venice .; the grea$pefs of thatj - ebubli fell by the difcqvpty of n. passage to the East - Indies by the Cape of Good HopfwV On the first point he did pot expert to hear it controvert id, that it was the prerogative of the Crown to negotiate pence or declare war; that there we no one point in which fhexonftituuon hadmore clrarly marked the distin&jen that in tracing out the boundaries or barriers which separ&fed the executive from the legislative power; yet, if the prefcnc mOr lion was to go as now propofod, therfe barriers would be broken down, and levelled with the ground, and that House of course improperly entrench on the right of the Sovereign, arrogate to itself the power of making peace and prosecuting war, and by that means blend two powers, the executive and the legislative, which the whole scheme of the British consti fusion pronounced should be kept separate and distinO t and fpfv as the mere extreife of the former might be affected ) pugbt to be deemed independent. He presumed the honour - able. gentleman would, agree with him, that the British Was a Ipixed government,. - It was composed of three estates, the

Cojoarchical, aristocratical, and democratkai, which, when ait and united together, formed the sovereign power Nestor would it be denied, he presumed, in their deliberative or legislative /capacity, that those powers, thus united, c©h > - flituted the sovereign or supreme powef; but then it was equally evident, that the will of this body Was appointed to Ip, carried into execution by the Crown, and by it entrusted to the exercise of its minliters and subordinate instrutnCfltiu Jlqwy - should the ijlqufe agree to tise honourable gentleman’s g ptkuirfor he had $ > ceo so explicit as to announce hi farther intention of moving in the committee, in fomc form or otfedi to mal e peace with. America,. what would be the case ? fnoft certainly a dire A in/ringement upon the prefwgftOY 1 the Cr6wn, whose province it was so declare war, and nego -

’ Vol. Ill,

X x x

ciate

5 *

P A R LI A M £ N T A R Y A. iy8f.

ciaft and make peace ? and no less a violation of the confiitu - tion, whence equally originated, as from one common source, the rights of the Sovereign and those of the other two branches Of the legislature.

On the other ground it appeared evident to him, that the motion would defeat the oftenlible object held out by the honourable gentleman who moved it. It would convince our enemies, that we were no longer able to prosecute the war, or defend those rights for which we originally bad entered into ft. It would be an implied declaration of public imbecility, while it would amount to a declaration, chat we mufi receive peace from the Colonies, not they from us. Sup - posing, for an instant, that peaee was offered, would not such a public act of that House import, in so many words, that it relinquished all hopes of succeeding by negociation, while it would, to all intents and purposes leave the people of America to act. upon the fame hostile plan against us ? and after we had declared them independent, leave them at full liberty to unite With our enemies and eficft our final do struction.

These were his reasons why he could not agree to the tion made by the honourable gentleman; for it clearly appeared to him, that it would be a violation of the constitu - tion, in the first infiance, because it would infringe upon the •inherent rights of the Sovereign, and divest the Crown of the exercise of the executive power, and at the fame timedi - are&Iy defeat the only intention or object upon which the exercise of that prerogative should, if at all, be dispensed wifcb. That Parliament mfght, in certain cases, interfere, he was ready to allow; he meant, they might interfere under the sanction of the confiitution, when the trust delegated to the executive power was either purposely abused, or negligently or ignorantly administered. Infiances of this kind had happened in former times, and ministers, being responsible for the discharge of their respective trufis, had beep called to ap account, and censured ? but never while the measures were carrying on. They were entitled to advise their Sovereign to declare war to negociate or make peace $ and after their advice had been adopted, Parliament was Competent to inquire in what manner they had conduced themselves, whether wifelv or unskilfully, and to proceed to censure or in - fiid punishment.

The honourable gentleman, along with the misfortunes, {appointments, and disgraces, he was pleased to impute tq

17814

DEBATES *

the American war, had reprobated, in the most severe terms, ps cruelty and injustice, involving every person who support - cd the meafutes of government in a general charge of criminality. For his part, though he was not in Parliament when the measures respecting America were first adopted, ha Was ready to declare, that he had all along approved of them and fines he bad the honour of a feat in that House had sup - ported them as far as his poor abilities could reach. So far from its being an unjust or a cruel war, whatever adverle circumstances may have impeded its success, he solemnly affirmed, that he did not think it was possible for the mind of man to frame a system of conduct more consonant to justice and found poiiey. What could be more strong or relative than the origin of the dispute on the part of Great - Britain ? A considerable part of the empire, without any real provocation, fly in the face of legal government. Not contented to rest there, > they fly to arms, and persist in a series of the most flagrant acts of rebellion; they tear with theif bands the bond of constitutional union, by declaring them - ( elves independent of the King and Parliament of Great - Britain; and finally, to fill the measure of their ingratitude and treason, enter into alliance with the most dangerous and inveterate enemies of the state.

. So far, therefore, from calling the war on our part, a wicked, an accursed, and diabolical war, originating in injustice, prosecuted with rigour, and meditating the slavery of the vanquished, he was of opinion ( if he might be permitted the expression ) it was a holy war. The motives which gave it birth were generous and noble j it being, in the first in ft a nee, from an intention to maintain the inalienable and indubitable rights of the sovereign power of the King, the Parliament, and the nation; the unity of the British em - fiire, and the dominion which was necessary to be preferred over all the respective parts of which it was constituted. In die farther progress of it, other obie&s arose, among which the security and prote&ion of those who had been banished, pvoferibed, or persecuted, for their unlhaken loyalty and steady affection to the parent state, wais not the least; and fiiice France and Spain took a part in the quarrel, it continued to be a war, carried on for the sole purpose of national preservation, against the deep - laid schemes of our ambitious and inveterate enemies to efte£t our total bverthrow.

He begged leave to make a few remarks upon the melancho - Jy picture drawn by the honourable gentleman, respecting X x x a the

PARLIAMENT A RT A; i, y8i.

the pretent slate of public affairs I The honourable gentle - man had held out our enemies on one - hand, con traded with ' our OWti situation, in a manner sufficient to inspire ideas of nation ! defpondeney; He would agree with the honourably gentleman, that our enemies were numerous and powerful and th t the late advices from Lord Cornwallis were not per - ’ tops so favourable as might be expected; but in this he saw nothing which ought to produce defpondcncy; on the contrary; the increasa of difficulties ought to create diligence and call forth exertion; it ( hotild produce union. If our fi - ttiation was alarming, if was far fr ' tn being desperate. remembered when the Queen of Hungary, at the commencement of the last war but one, was a ( Tailed by an boft of entmies, cotnposed of two of the mo ( V formidable powers On the continent of Europe ( France and Prussia ) assisted by the head of the Germanic body, ( Duke of Bavaria, then de&ed Emperor ) yet in the mid ft of her various miseries and distrrfles, and the dread of impending evils of much greater magnitude, after me had been stripped of two thirds of, her dominions, and almost ' every day brought her an account of some frefti disaster, Tome battle loft, or fortress taken, {he itcvfcr thought then of proposing terms of peace SO her fur rounding and vi£forious, foes. On the contrary, fl e a&td with the utmost fortitude of mind, with themost unexampled magnanimity; she persevered with a ccoftancy, equally the dFe£l of the most immoveable firmness and the highest political, wisdom; - and, by this truly judicious and magnanimous < > ( ! du&, obtained in she end, all circumstances considered an advantageous and honburable peace. N ’

Such being his general sentiments, he thought it his indi£ penfible duty to declare, that he meant to give his hearty no gative to the motion. v

The honourable Mr. Pratt, son to Lord Camden, made hit first parliamentary essay in this place. He ( poke under evident embarrassment and diffidence, arising most likely from At uncommon respect that was paid to him, amd from Which lit was not able to relieve hiiiifelf through his whole speech. He would not attempt, he laid, to add any thing by way of argument, to what had been so ably advanced by Mr. fW - He had given so full and conclusive a weight to the quefHoo Which he had brought before the House, that hef declared hfe could not fee how gentlemen coufd ielitt convictfon. Thett mu ft be some secret cause for the apparent incredulity oFthe uther fide Of the House; all theif pretended reafbns were fdrely insufficient to ground Ot Maintain them in the opinion

which

A ' iy8f, ' - T > B 8 - X ' V ' fi. a ? /. ‘i

which flwy - 1 pitSfiKftd$ for his w n part, ' he most fiefartitj1 ooncufted with hi honouvflbfe friend in i the motion, that ! he had ftiggdfted for reCoriim&ndirt£ to minifthretd take every poflibfe ftcp towards a rectttttiliation ’ with ‘America } it wsi the onlything that could save this countryftcm - cuim Hesaid thit the Cazerte confirmed hirnih the opiriionwhich he had fon£ entertained, that thfc r£ide#i6n of America was imprac - J titaWe. Tfiefintelligence it ' toritained Wue etdft unfavour aWe, afcfcT ’ yet, fbeK as it vtasx it Was tto dovArt ! garbled at usual by his NWjcftyft Minifrer’s Wh t &en most hbte - been thd appearance of things if communicated in their jginal state

[ We are fofry that the tdWn&fe of Mr Pratt ' s YOfcte prevented as from hearing distinctly his fpoeth, or from giving it mon$ - "v at length. } < ’ t - *. '

Sir Thomas Qargn said, lie had all along beefi convinced of SirTft. con the justice of the American war and as loon as he came into " Parliament, at the commencement of the prefect session, voted for the farther prosecution of it, and for every measure proposed for its - effectual support. Yet, however just the daims Of this country might appear to hiqi to have - been, he sup - ported those measures upon an idea of their practicability and eventual success. It. was in vain, in his ©pinion to contend upon the mere ground of jdftice, unless the claims of the parent state tdukl be enforced.

At his entrance into Parliament, he voted with Ministers; because, from the information they gave that House, he wai induced to believe that America might bo recovered, and once more form a part of the British empire. In this opinion boweverhe no longer remained. He saw that success H firms was beyond, our reach. The whole tenor of the Gat fcette, which had been so ably commented upon by the ho - incurable gentleman who made the motion, proved it beyond Vjueftion, and took away almost entirely every apparent ground of controversy. The justice of the war became ih obje&of very little consequence, when it was with - held, and ' Vfc were no longer in a iituation to enforce it. 1

It was said, that it would be degrading and unworthy ' great nation, such as this country was said to be, to enter - into a treaty with our rebel fubefts, or to acknowledge thest independency. So long as any rational hopes of success re ? - Gained, he most heartily coincided in the fanie fcntiments, but these hopes, even in the minds of the most sanguine, be£

- ing at att end yhe thought, for his part, thee peace, upoA Valtnoft - any terms was infinitely preferable to - War under

0 such 3

: S 6 PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

such peculiar citcumstances : he meant no other avowed or proposed object, but the Utter ruin of one or both parties, without the most distant prospect of advantage in the event to either. Under these strong persuasions, without feeling the least Iteration of the principles upon which he acted at the commencement of the session, he must confess, that however disagreeable and mortifying, a regard for the interests of his country, and the duty which he owed to his condiments, obliged him, on motives of political neceftity and expediency, to vote for the proportion moved by the honourable gentleman.

Mr. r. Mr. T % Tvwnfhtndj after paying a compliment to the young

Vgwnjbcnd. members, for that unusual difylay of riling abilities that had been seen during the present fession, fupenor, he said, to any thing he had experienced finCe he had been a member of Parliament, professed his high esteem and regard for the noble lord who was the writer of that Gazette, which formed the ground of the present motion. ~~ He had been in long and early habits of friendship and intimacy with the noble lord; an intimacy, he believed, which had produced a reciprocal affection. Nay, he was nearly allied to him in blood; yet, with all die prejudices of personal regard, with a full and perfect consciousness of the very brilliant and fblid abilities of that gallant and skilful commander, he was pet - fuaded, that Lord Cornwallis could not effect the redu < 5ioa of America, because Lord Cornwallis could not effect ira - possibilities. His dispatch, in the plaincft and most explicit terms, pointed out those impossibilities; t€ timid friends, inveterate enemies; " without provisions, cut off from all the rc - sources so indispensably necessary for the support of an army, in the heart of an hostile country : in short, every feature of the campaign, and above all, when it was considered, that even a signal victory produced no other fruits but abandoning the very pre fumed objects for which he had fought and conquered, presented to his mind such an idea of immediate distress, and portended such a train of future disasters and increased disappointments, as fully proved to him, that the fate of the American struggle was. already decided; and, consequently, that America, at least on the plan of coercion, was irrecoverably loft. If this was granted, which he hardly expected to hear denied, no man, standing in a responsible situation, he believed, would stand up in his place and contradict it. The only question then which remained to be determined was, if America could not be conquered, could ( he be treated with

If

A. 1781. DEBATES.

If ( he could, the motion bf his honourable friend was appa - fejitly directed to open the way to such a treaty. His ho iourable friend had taken very judicious ground; his intend7 ed proposition, should the House go into a committee, wat meant to be worded in such general terms, ' that though it was specific as to the object, the friinifler’s hands were not to be tied up, as had been so ttrotlgly urged and argued by the noble lord who spoke second. The object Was peace with America; the means were not pointed out but the choice and method of obtaining it were left to the discretion of his Majesty’s Ministers.

- The noble lord [ WestcoteJ had tikewife contended, that the motion proposed to be made in the committee, would be an invasion of the prerogative of the Crown, and a violation of the constitution. ' This Was drong language indeed ! Was such an interference unprecedented } or if fanCtioned by precedent, was it ever condemned as illegal or unconditu - tional t He was persuaded, that there were many indances on the Records, of Parliament having interposed upon extraordinary and pressing occasions; and if ever a necessity of the kind exided, surely the indant he was speaking, loudly proclaimed its exidence. Miniders had originally led or deceived the nation into the war; they induced Parliament to prosecute it for upwards of seven years, at an enormous expence and wade of blood and public treasure. They dill continue to buoy up Parliament with false expectations of ftkxefs; and yet, after having failed in every one of their promises; after having, year after year, nay, week after week, promised, and falfined those promises, the noble lord complams of the impropriety of no longer truding such men, or permitting them to pursue ideal and impracticable schemes of conqued; but to endeavour to make peace in preference to the continuing a war which ceases even to hold out any object which can create the mod vilionary expectation.

. He said he was not prepared to enter into a minute detail of the drd causes of the dispute with our American subjects. The judice or injustice of the American war had furnished matter of innumerable debates in that House. Men, and some of the very fird characters in the kingdom, held different ’ opinions, it would be an idle inquiry, at this time of day, to enter into difeudion; from which he was persuaded so little benefit could be. derived, and which too would be fp far frop ) bringing home conviction to cither fide of the House,

that

L.

BA R LT AA1 E NTT £RY A. T7&1 ;

that it would only revive personal aniroofity, add sharpen contention. :

. « It was with pleasure, therefore, that he observed at once Jjqw judicfouiJy and candidly his honourable friend, who ipadc the fnc#V > nV ' had precluded ' a possibility of difcuihng a matter which, uidefs as a mere point of speculatian, had so little immediate connexion with the bufinef now before the JHouse. If h ? conceived the tendency of his honourable friend’s motion,. it was this; if we are not able to subdue, pr bring Af erse to1 realbnabii terms of accommodation by the intervention of arms, shallwe try another means $ shall we have fOCoorft Ito ! riegotiation ? Here the American war ty s conhdQTfed merely as a meagre of expediency, not of -. $ > gb. t or ijuftijrei ' If the right was with us, and we were able to ohtain it,. it was in fast ha right; the ground of justice wm df course very properly excluded by the manner the pvotfon was framed, and so it had been justly conceived by foe honourable Baronet who ( poke lafE Hit conduct, as he had explained himself, war perfv&ly and ftriflly recopeileable; so long as,. any prospect df succest remained, he was for prosecuting the war; when. it ceased, be was for propofjpg, or agreeing ( o terras, to which he would have by no means consented, if he could have in any other manner obtained the full extent of what he deemcduthe rightful claim of his country,.

As to the ground of his motion, his honourable friend Md conduced himself. with equal judgment and ’ parliamentary ( kill. To shew; that the resolution he intended to propose in the committee was well founded, he adduced, from an authority not to be questioned, the London Gazette, that sdl expectations of conquering America were finally and completely terminated.

Though he meant when he rofc, to avoid entering into tify difcuilion relative to the justice of the American war, foroe shing had fallen from the noble lord which made it necessary to depart from, his hrft intention. The noble lord had called it an holy war. He did not presume the noble lord forefaw the exact limilitude which this favourite war bore to other holy wars; the Crusades, which had attracted the attention of Europe in tlje days of ignorance and foperftition. Like the holy wars carried on in Palestine, it was conceived in in - jullfec, prosecuted With cruelty, whetted by false zesd, and bad ruined and depopulated the country which had1 chgagtd jn; it. It was the effect of bigotry and fupcrflition : it was \feiigned to aggrandise and enrich a few at the expence of

thousends.

L.

A. 1781 DEBATES.

thousands. Like the holy wars it drained the country of its best blood and of its chief tefources. Like the holy wars it exhibited ah herd of fools and madmen, led on to ruin and death, /for the purpose of promoting the bloody purposes of a set of knaves and would - be tyrants. Like the holy wars, ' under the masse of promoting the greatness of a ( ingle person, it concealed the word, the most revengeful and diabolical purposes of blood, ( laughter, and public and private oppression. Like the holy wars it raised knaves into conic - quence, who were the only gainers by it; and that by the spoils of an opprelfed and impoveriftied people, while the great and good were sacrificed to their accqrfed ambition; iq that the French observation was fully verified in both in - ( lances; la guerre salt mourir Its braves, et yiyre Its

He then called upon the House to know h ° w long they would, or could submit to see the blood of their relations spilt, and their money expended to do purpose the nob ) e lord, he said, might put on the croft, and appear at tine head of hfc mad crufadcrsj but he hoped the House would come to its senses, and all colour for farther dilution being wiped away, that they would adopt those measures, from motives of necessity, which they had hitherto refused to to upon principles of justice or ( bund policy.

- Sir Edward AJHcy said that it might be deemed a prefupip - sir.

Vion in him to obtrude his opinions or fentiroents of the House, but he was encouraged by the example of a noblp lord, who spoke lately, and who alluded to the loss of a dear relation of his ( lain in battle. He said, that he too, as wcj} as die noble lord, had loft a ( bn in this unfortunate war; he had dill three Tons in the King’s service; and he wished to know if any more of his blood was to be spilt in a war, which feroft end in our ruin if pursued any longer ? nothing but a truce could save us; the noble lord might believe him, for he bad already told him some truths, which he did not believe at tirft. Betides, our blood and treasure was thrown away; for notwith ( landing the sums voted by Parliament, die subject really bad npt prote&ion; and be was sure that the county of Norfolk, which he had the honour to repre - lent, was so defenceless, that one hundred men landing in it Jnight do incredible rmi chief.

. Mr. Rigby opened his speech with several hand&me come Mr. nigty. plitnents to the honourable gentleman who made the motion *

The honourable gentleman had represented himself as % person of infigniiicaner, as possessing no property, as having no

Yp *. ill, Y y y luke

53P PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 8 |.

flake in the couotry. No n > an9 in his opinion, pqifefled q more valuable or important flake in this country than thf honourable gentleman. His talents, his situation, and his brofoe&s, combined, vested in him a more large and ample possession than the annual receipt of mapy thousaods; when he therefore heard the honourable gentleman assume the Ian guage he had now used, he was free to say, there was nq man who heard him that felt as the honourable gentlepsaq himself seemed to feel. He was an honour to his country; his country had a public ipterest in him$ and though he had the misfortune to differ from the honourable gentleman in his political sentiments, there was no man who retained an higbe ? opinion of his abilities, nor of his public integrity, than he did.

After this exordium, he sincerely ’ approved of the honour fable gentleman’s candour, in dating in his speech the pro ? position he meant to make in the committee; and foregoing his own particular opinions, by propoiing to move in the committee, should the House agree tp go intp one, for q peace with America, iuftcad of declaring America ifidepen dent. He wished not to be understood as approving of either; but finefc the honourable gentleman had such a proppfltion iq contemplation, he thought him candid in avowing it, and perfectly right in not making any motion for declaring America independent; for in sass America was at that indent ip dependent, and ought to be considered in that light, and nq other, till the fortune of war should decide otherwise. Sq far, in his opinion, the honourable gentleman had acted fairly and confidently. America was now at war with £rreat Britain, and till the event of that war was determined, Out flood precisely in respect to this country as the other bel - Iigerant powers, France, Spain, and Holland.

The reason why he could not agree with the epotion made by the honourable gentleman, as leading to the proposition meant to be moved in the committee, was this; that it wonkj defeat the oflenfible objeffs for which it was obyiously framed, and that on two accounts; first, it would prove, that wq looked upon ourselves as no longer in a condition to prosecute the war with any hopes of success; secondly, it would prevent ministers from availing themselves of any favourable or fortunate event which might happen in the mean. time. He mull confess, that his expectatiops were out yery sass guine; the late circumstance which had fallen out, proved iatisfaftorily to his mind, that the power of that country

A i$8i. b k BATES;

in a great measure against us, and of course that success, to shy solid extent or advantage, began every day to appear More and more doubtful.

Fbr hh part, no ftian more disliked the farther continuance of the Arhericarf war than he did. He lamented it as a citizen} he disapproved of it as a senator and, in his Official capacity; several matters came to his knowledge which convinced hi to it was attended with an enormous and roinOUs expente; but However disagrepable or destructive Was, or might prove he could not perceive how the present Motion would tend to remove the evil. War, Upon a general ground, Was a national evil at all times, and in, all possible {Situations. The American war he acknowledged was peculiarly so, on a great many accounts of an obvious naturfc and the numerous and powerful enemies which had combined

?; aiiift us rendered the present war extremely alarming ct it Was necessary we should continue to defend ourselves; and proteff our dominions. Notwithstanding all those me - hncholy cirCumstances, he feared it was not a proper or prudent time to shake a public declaration that we wished for peace. If such a declaration pfomifed t6 procure peace, he Would cheerfully give it his support; but, in his opinion it would produce a contrary effect; and so far from accelerating the issue of the war, would evidently tend to lengthen it and u puld inspire the Americans with ten - fold vigour; and, to talk of making a separate peace with America, was a mere farce; for whenever peace was made, he meant when we fhodld sue for it, the terms would be proposed, if not dilated by France, not by America. They. cre n interest *

and united in arms; and when peace should be made, not only the particular claims of America, but the different views ana interests of the other belligerant powers, would be promoted or reserved.

He next spoke of the justice of the war. He said, he had ( bpported it throughout, and never gave afingle vote; which; were he in a fimular fixation, he woujej not repeat. He ne - vor conceived a doubt upon the right of tfyis country over her Colonies, nor was he leis persuaded at the time of our ability to enforce it. Yet, unhappily, he was mistaken in the event though he had every reason to believe, that the power was with us as well as the right, but from a variety of cross and unforeseen accidents, which might or might not have been possible to prevent, he feared the opportunity was 16ft.

Y y y at The

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The honourable gentleman, who made the motion, and a right honourable gentleman who ( poke lately, [ Mr. T. Towns - hend ] had inveighed, in terms of severity, against the author and promoters of the American war. They were described as wicked, cruel, blood - thirdy, Ac. These were strong epithets, and, if well founded, would equally apply to men of all political descriptions, as well to particular lets of men as to parties; to those that were out as well as those that were in In fine, if h was a wicked war, conceived in folly, prosecuted with rancour, and directed with tyranny and of - prdfion, the accusation would extend much farther than those gentlemen would wish : it would reach their friends equally with their opponents. When the damp act was passed, there was not a single di ( Tenter, nor of course a division. In tht fcxt year when that act was repealed, under the administration of Lord Rockingham, the declaratory law was paded, which asserted the rights and power of this country over her Colonies in the mod full and ample manner. In the course of the debates on that subje£f, a very high and respedable character, then in that House, and who it was the cudom with those who opposed the present administration to bestow the warmed eulogiums upon, he meant Mr. Pitt, m de# feribing the relation subsiding between both countries, drew the line between internal and external taxation. He contended, that we had no right to tax the Colonies for the purpose of railing a revenue witbrn them; but was To clear and explicit on the right of laying external taxes, cudotns, or port duties upon. their commerce, that he said, an hobnail ought not to be permitted to be manufactured in the British Colonies without the consent or sanction of a British Parliament.

In a full avowal of those sentiments, when he came into an administration supposed to have been formed under his auspices, the very next year, duties were hid on the import Into the Colonies of certain commodities therein enumerated. When the Tame great man retired from public business, and the King’s government was under the direction of the Duke of Grafton, upon a residence having been made to the collection of those duties, in the year 1769, two regiments of infantry were sent to Bodon, in order to compel a punctual Obedience to the law palfed by the British legislature. At the two latter periods, a noble law lord, high in reputation, and who had since opposed measures of a similar nature £Lord Camden}, presided on the woolsack, had a feat in his Majesty ’ f

coun -

533

A, 1781. DEBATES.

councils, and in the double capacity of lawyer and states - nun, in the Cabinet and Parliament, supported, or at least, by hit conduit, countenanced those measures, which he had heard that night furnish matter of such pointed censure and severe aniraadversion. He should not proceed farther in detail, but just observe, that when coercive measures were first adopted, he meant the bringing in and passing the Boston port bill, from which law the present war directly originated, the very gentlemen, who were now most violent in their dif - approbation, remained silent and inactive. There was not a division, not a single debate on the subject. The bill, if it did not pass unanimously, certainly met with no oppofi - tion. So that if the American war was wicked and impolitic, it received the sanction of every man, whom gentlemen on every fide of the House deemed to be able, honest, and re - speltable. It received the approbation of some gentlemen in that House, who were now die most violent, loud, and severe in condemning it.

He then recurred to the grounds of objection he had stated in the beginning of his speech, namely, the impoifibility of x discrimiQating America from the rest of our public enemies, or drawing a line between her and France, Spain, or Holland, particularly France, He contended that they were embarked upon the fame bottom, and must rife or fall toge - ' ther. America was now a public and avowed enemy to all intents and purposes. There was no possibility of qualifying or separating their claims or interests from those with whom she was combined. So far from it, that he much doubted whether if even inclined to come to terms of accommodation ihe had it in her power; another party was concerned, France had mingled in the quarrel, and it rested as much on her as on us, whether American should be independent ? Rhode - Island and its dependencies were already in the actual and positive possession of France. She had fortified it in the strongest manner, and by the account which appeared in the newspapers, and which bore every appearance of truth, the cannon, stores, &c, captured with the 64 gun ship which carried them, were designed to strengthen the fortifications and other defences already construcded, or to be constructed in that province.

Upon the whole, if the measure of fubdufng America wt £ wicked or impolic, the wickedness or impolicy could not be fairly or justly attributed to any one party, description, ot fct of men in or out of office. The ablest men in the country,

le

534 P ARLI AMENT AR Y A. iyiu

try, of the first rank, tide, fortune, abilities, and charted ter, had affiffedio it, and whatever the final event of it might prove, whether fortunate or unfortunate it never couw bt deemed, at lesrft during the present generaotin, a wicked oppressive, and diabolical war.

Lord John Lord John Camrdi/hfind I e did not mean to rife, but some - i

Csvendj/b. thing which had fallen from the right honourable gentleman Who fpokc laity made it necessary, left the House might gti away under any perrfbafion that the right honourable gentleman ' s argument wan founded on falls, correctly ( fated, either in the general or particular. So far as the general argument was - intended to be pulhed, he thought it totally inapplicable and ill - founded; for he Should ever think there Wa9 a very material difference between dating and declaring a right pre - lamed to be veiled in Parliament, as the ibvereign or fu preroe power, and employing measures of force andcoercion in maintenance of that right. Besides, it was not fair to coin elude that the declaratory law, which averted a general undefined right, namely, " to bind the Colonies m all cases whatsoever, " pointed to the assertion of a particular nuxfe oi exercising it, namely, a right to tax, which claim had beieu renounced in the veiy same session by a repeal of the stamp -

As to the condull of ministers in the succeeding admini - ilration alluded to by the honourable gentleman, it could not be supposed that either he or those who thought Or acted with him were in any wise responsible for their conduit, not having been either directly or indirectly privy to or acquainted, with their motives. The right honourable gentleman fpdke particularly to a transaction of a later date; the Boffop port bill and the other measures which were connected with it He presumed it was irregular and unparliamentary to take notice of what parted upon former occasions In that House, and stili more so when the reference was made to a remote o# diffant period; but as it had been permitted, be looked upon himself at liberty to explain his own particular condbft, and the motives on which he ailed.

The honourable gentleman said, there was no oppositioU made to the Boston Port Bill in that House. He tfas persuaded the honourable gentleman muff have forgot, because hr did not. think him capable of wilfully misrepresenting, or designedly miileading that House. The fk&, he believed,

’ was directly the contrary; for, if He remembered right, thebd was a very ffrongopposition made to the mettfure Butbdtbtf

at

' p E B A T E S.

is it might, he well recollected his own conduit on the occasion. He protested ftjorjgly, and di redly against the mea - fare; and, as yell as hi ? memory, at To remote a period from the time could serve liim, he remembered his words were—u Ih God s name, if the people of America are not disposed to continue under the Qritish government, do not attempt to coerce them, or compel obedience by force of arms. ’ These were his feqtimepts, and they were, founded pnthis maxim, which, ever finee he had turned his attention at all to political subjects, had been invariably fixed; that ? 11 government being founded in choice, arihng ffom popular approbation and public opinion, he thought that cither this pountry should have conformed to the wishes and desires of the people of America; or if the bonds of union, by which foe Colonies were willing to bind themiclves, were such as foe mother cquntry could not approve, or appeared to be incompatible with tfyeir reciprocal interests, in that case Great Britain should forego her claims; no matter whether real or ideal, and leave the Colonies at liberty, either to establish feme form of government, or when experience might effect I change in their sentiments, leave an opening for them to return to their former condition and ancient connexion.

, It was very necessary to enter into further explanation. He hoped he had so far explained his conduit, and the conduit and motives of those with whom he had the honour to coincide and ad, as to fully fttisfy the House, that he and his friends were utterly averse to risque the calamities of a civil war in the maintenance of mere speculative opinions; indeed, they had given the most convincing proofs of it, by promoting the repeal of the Stamp Act; and that when coercive measures were strongly objected to them on the ground that

Svernment ought toarife from choice, not compulsion, ♦ be - use dominion was not worth the preserving on such terms. He said, the honourable gentleman who had made the motion had supported it so ably, and urged such a variety of strong reasons in its support, that he did not think it at all necessary to add a fyliable on the subject. He disapproved of the American war in foe commencement and in all its stages. Now, however, all argument was at an end. America was loft; and what in the out - set might be considered by some gentlemen as a matter of right, had now assumed another form, and was iadifpuubly no more than a question of cx -

Lord

536 PARLIAMENTARY. A 1781.

L4. Gnrt Lord George Germaine fpokc next, and entered fully into the question. His Lordship began with professing, that though he role to oppose going into the committee, he did io only

' from a firm conviction that the honourable gentleman ' s pro -

portion could not promote the establishment of peace with America; for, was ' there the mod distant probability of effecting that most desirable end, by acceding to the present, instead of giving it his negative, he should feel it his independent duty; and a high honour to iecond it; but if, on the contrary, he believed, as he confidently did, that to form a committe on the American war, and pass therein, that resolution the honourable gentlemen intended to move, would set peace ( till farther at a difiance, and afford at the same time, a triumph to our enemies, it was his duty strennously to oppose the motion. No gentleman was more inclined to peace with America than he was; no man would go greater lengths to obtain it; and no gentleman who heard him, more sincerely laniented the innumerable calamities and inconve rtiencies that resulted from it. Had the only measur now offered to the confederation of the House been that of forming a committee to deliberate on means of restoring peace, he might perhaps have been at a loss whether to reuft the proposition, or concur in it; but the honourable gentleman, with a degree of openness and candour, which always marked his parliamentary conduct, had fully anticipated the bufinefa of the committee, by avowing, that no better means would be proposed therein, for effecting the salutary end in view, than that of directing his Majesty ministers to make peace with America. Here then he could not hesitate to say, that no good conference whatever could result from the committee, for it was only to compel ministers, where compttU fion was not necessary, to make them do what they ardently longed for the ability of doing; he had repeatedly dcciaicd on former occasions, and he would do so again on this, that no person existing would be more happy at the restoration of peace With America than himself; he should pronounce that the happiest hour of his life wherein he saw an opportunity to conclude the war on safe, advantageous, and honourable terms to Great Britain. These were his sentiments, thefie were the sentiments of his Majesty’s ministers in general; afed could they possibly wish otherwise ? Did they wantonly pa > ~ tract the war, or let flip any occasion of making peace M conditions which the legislature would approve, he fcrnpfed sot to say their condutt ought to undergo a parliamentary

/crutiny.

G.

9 : E - 9 A ? - 5 4.

fcruuay, and pimifbmpnt opght to follow the conviction of 4 ' crime - so pernicious to their country. This was. the publip Security, and a very sufficient one for the vigilance of mini fiprs, in eip bracipg the hr ft favourable occasion of restoring peace with our Colonies, that they would be amenable fop fbeir conduct to Parliament; but to pass any resolution, compelling them to ma e peac$, without furnishiqg the mean ? of doing so, would be a ? dangerous as inutile, and iuperflu OUf; for it would be declaring at once the dejection of thi ? country, ancj proclaiming to our enemies, that we had restored fierce pa any terms they thought prppej to prescribe. What might France then say to America ! knowing, along {gith the resolution of that House, the debate which preceded ait; knowing that the impracticability of success had beep assigned as the reaipn of laving so unprecedented an injunction 00 ministers. This would aifurpdiy be her language, "You fee the dejection and defpoudency of Great - Britain; lhe is diipjrited; ( be can no longer continue the war, but mum h# ? e peace ' on any terms : hold qut then but one year longer, pod we Avail be able to ? xact whatever conditions we please; you will then no longer have any thing to apprehend from this power; wiU be under no necessity of forming political or CpOlUttfldat leagues with her, and I will institute a perpetual rttiapco with you on such favourable terms as will infallibly fifthsypu an opulent, fpUpdid, and powerful nation. Thus Xhat stragge restriCVio/i on the executive power, proposed by ffre honourable gentleman, would, instead of accelerating period of the war, only tend to retard it, by giving frefu courage, to the confederate powers and new motives for being refractory, degrading, at the same time the national £haraderof country, which, used to flourish under diffi xnrteios, and Surmount by refitting them, instead of making gwerile confeBpons of her despondency and weakness. Bi fat that intimation of his plan, which the honourable gen - ajeman had very properly given, he should havcjaeen inclined to expect some proportions in the committee very different oro that in question; for as the Houfp had determined recently, that no new powers were necessary to be vested in the Grown for the purpose of restoring peace, and as there SPldd be no doubt of the disposition in ministers to effect it if nothing more could confidently he done but dtp defttfing Opon those conditions on which they were to trjeat. jHe fhottid have expected therefore, that the ind pendpney of America would have been proposed as a groupd of jacinca - Vot. Ill Zzz tiob,

53 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

tion, especially as the honourable gentleman had himself declared, that this was the equitable and necessary preliminary Had the honourable gentleman actually moved such a resolution as this, it would perhaps have been the best way of taking the sense of the House on the difficulties which prevented the conclusion of a peace; for to admit the American claim of independence was the only means of opening a negotiation at present, consequently of enabling rainiuers to obey the injunction proposed to be laid upon them. Every thing short of this had already been conceded on the one side, and rejected on the other, for by the conciliatory bills every idea of taxation, that original ground of difeuffion, had been renounced; consequently it was vain to expect any vote of that House could induce America to treat, except we were prepared finally and solemnly to relinquish our right of fovc - reignty. Was Parliament then ripe to say, that those Colonies, once the most valuable appendage of our empire should be for ever dilfevered from the parent state ? If they could submit to such abasement, he would not ! He had protested mod solemnly before, and would now repeat his protestation, that neither in his capacity as a member of the legislathre, nor as a servant of the Crown, would he ever declare America independent of this country : never should his vote con cur with so humiliating a declaration ! NeVer should his hand be - instrumental in such a surrender of British honours and interests. It was not to be argued, " Why, Ihe is virtually independent already, and you only recognise the right without giving the possession for between the claim of violence and that of law, there a lay broad distin&ion, which such an act would take away; it was a material ellential difference to Great Britain, whether her Colonies were independent by their own usurpation, or by the authority of Parliament; and whatever might be the events of war, he shouki hold it highly dishonourable to the legislature of this country should they purchase peace by the renunciation of their con - flitutional rights.

But when we talked of making America independent, it was more perhaps than our power could accomplish We might, indeed, release her from the bond of her natural allegiance, and bid her be her own prote&refs : but would France guarantee the liberties of America ? Would France also give her independency ? In all probability, no ! and Ihfe would only be dilfevered from Great Britain, that Ihe might be subject to a foreign yoke. A noble Lord ( Lord J. Ci -

vcndish}

A. 781.

DEBATES.

vendish ) had said, uIf our Colonies will not receive our so - yereignty, let us bid them go and prosper; " for, added his Lordship, €t we should only accept the allegiance of a willing

people. " Were the question to be agitated between two {bites that never had been united in a common bond of allegiance, this sentiment of the noble Lord might be very just; for un - questionably there it would not be just to force a connection, except both parties were inclined to it; but such a mode of jeafoning between a parent state and its rebellious Colonies seemed a little singular, and was such as he could by no means subscribe to What ! was the supreme authority of a state to say to its revolting members, because you are disaffected, because you choose to infringe the law and the constitution, be independent, I will govern you no longer ! Such a rule of policy must infallibly tend to oifmember and annihilate the largest empire in the world. Yet how could we, even admitting the justice of such a principle, adopt the noble Lord’s phiafeology, saying to America, " Go, and prosper ! " His Lordship said, he had given that advice some years ago; perhaps if adopted then, the words might have had some sense, but now they would be totally absurd; for to bid our Colonies " Go, and prosper ! " would be insulting their wretched iituation; iince, by the treaty with Franee, they became incapable of protecting their own liberties from the ambition of their deceitful ally. We should therefore, in such a dif - mission of their allegiance, only add an extensive territory to the dominions of France and Spain, which by wife, rc - lolute, and prosperous measures, we could reclaim to our - selves, and which would enable us to withstand the united force of all Europe.

His Lordship now adverted to Mr. Fox’s strictures on the Gazette, and objected to all the inferences he had drawn relative to the disposition of the Southern Colonies. Lord Cornwallis’s expedition had been considered as an improvident one, and was said to have been undertaken on the mif - representations of government. But what, grounds had the honourable gentleman for forming such an opinion ? for the General’s letters contained not the most distant intimation of the kind, which, considering he Wrote not only like an able officer, but a man of business, would not in all probability have been omitted, had the expedition been in fact rendered fruitless by erroneous information from any quarter whatever. Of this he could solemnly assure the House, that if jhere was error in expecting to find many friends in North

Zz Z a Caro -

P ARLIAMEKT AR Y A. i ) 8i

Carolina, the deception had at least been mutual between Lord Cornwallis and ministers, for that intelligent and active General had not failed to inform himself what the inclina - tions of the inhabitants were, and had repeatedly mentioned in hid letters, that a very large proportion of them were loyally disposed : if ministers therefore believed onr friends m that province to be numerous, the opinion was partly taken up on thd General’s own information. That this idea actually prevailed was certainly true, and that it was not erroneous, might be calily proved by the dispatches in tpieftion; for Wfc found, that no sooner had the British forces occupied the province than a considerable body of loyalists rbfe and were on their march to join them, when they were unfortunately intercepted by the rebels, and inhumanly murdered ! Surely, after such an example, it was not furpnfing that thd rest of our friends should be intimidated from riling till they were absolutely certain of protection; and it was not to W inferred, that there were no more loyalists in the province because no others had attempted to join Lord Cornwallis before the battle of Guildford. Could gentlemen point out any instance in the history of civil wars, wherein the spirit of loyalty was so very warm as to break out immediately after a terrible example like this, wherein men overlooked every personal consideration, and manifested their attachment tod public cause, careless of certain ruin to themselves ? If they could, he would concur in any comparative censure on the inhabitants of North Carolina, for not paying with their lives the price of their allegiance.

The honourable gentleman had also inferred, that this province was disaffected, because Lord Cornwallis found a difficulty in subsisting his army. If such an inference was fair, a similar one might be drawn to prove them equally disaffcfted towat - ds the Congress; for, when General De Kaal, who immediately preceded Gates in the command, occupied the fame province, he was reduced to thegreateft straits for want of provisions, and was obliged to inform the Congress by letter, that, unless he was recalled from thence, or supplied with provisions from some other quarter, the troops would be Tamished. This difficulty had been experienced, in a greater or less degree, by every army that had marched through North Carolina since the commencement of thd war, and arose from natural causes; for the province was large, thinly peopled, and only cultivated in detached dif - trifts; consequently it was a matter of extreme difficulty to collect

DEBATES.

coiled Wg$thtef vegulafly prcrrifions enough for the subsist - encetif a large body of men, and the Americans themselves always had feCoorfe to other provinces for victualing their armies; that of General Green in the present instance, was fubfilled from Virginia.

Thus the two chief grounds on which the honourable gentleman had qtfeftlonfed the loyalty of this province were shewn to he fallacious for our disadvantage had arisen in one case from natural eaufes, and in the other from the violent mea - fenVsOf the enemy. This last was a superiority over us, which he did not envy them, but wished them ever to retain; k ftrohgly marked thfediftifidtion between the different objects for Which the two parties were contending, ours to reclaim rtvblted fabjefts, and theirs to eHabiifh the schemes of am - bitten, by the ruin of the parent Hate. They acted confif - ferifly With their ckufe, in violating the rights of humanity and the law of nations, in murdering their fellow subjects, because rhey differed from themselves in opinion; but to re - retaliate would be unworthy of the motive which led our armies into the field; it never could be enjoined by any rai - hifter, and he trustecl, if it were, no British General wouhf be found base enough to execute the order. This perleeu - tiohthen was an advantage, of which our enemies might always, if they pleased, avail themselves; but while it diffract ' d their amis, it also lully evinced the weakness of their canfe, and the difeffe&ion of the people at large, to the ty - tanhical yoke of rebellion; for no government would thus trample on humanity, if it were not absolutely necessary to its prefer vat ion; if it was not requisite to secure by force and and terror that obedience which Would not be paid from Choice.

His Lordship, in farther proof that Lord Cornwallis had grounds to expect loyalists in North Carolina, observed, that this province, as well as its neighbouring one, had long been backward to take any active part against us. In the action at Guildford there were only two battalions from both the Carolinas, and these went off in the very beginning of the engagement, though only one man of their body had been wounded; but what was still more remarkable, thoughJCon - grtfs had demanded of these two provinces 2600 meq from the one, and 2800 from the other, as their quota of conti -. nental troops, not a lingle man had been granted.

The honourable gentleman had endeavoured to depreciate the Victory of Lord Cornwallis, by saying it was followed by

all

v ^.

S42 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

all the consequenfces of a defeat; this was an extraordinary supposition, and could hardly be seriously made if the honourable gentleman considered one moment the grounds on which it was supported, for the most important good conferences clearly resulted from defeating the rebel army; and as to the movement of our forces afterwards, ' it Was not as heaflerted, back again towards their former Ration, but across the country towards the sea; surely it was no fyrap - tom of defeat, because the general, unable to obtain suppties > in an exhausted country, had recourse to his own magazines *

That the country being exhausted ' was the true cause of this

impediment to Lord Cornwallis, and not as had been Rated, the difaflfeftion of the province, A material good consequence had resulted from the second defeat of General Green, for it was by the necessity of that Generali dividing, his forces into foraging parties that Lord Rawdon gained a favourable opportunity of attacking him.

He proceded to answer some other arguments of Mr Fox ' s, relative to the general conduit of the war, particularly the evacuation of Philadelphia, on which measure that honourable gentlemen had been particularly severe. His Lord fh ip begged him and the House to recollect, that the march from Philadelphia was immediately consequent upon the promulgation of the treaty with France, and arose in the just apprehension of a French fleet being sent to block up the mouth of the Delaware, It was obvious that such. occurrences as these mud necessarily change the whole fyftetn of the war, consequenily that the capture of the city in question, and its evacuation, might both bemeasuresof good policy After these and a variety of other remarks in answer to Mr. Fox, his Lordship concluded by professing again his wish for the restoration of peace. He should never cease, he said, to lament the necessity of protrafting a most expensive and unfortunate war; but though a pacification on honourable terms was what he most ardently desired, he would rather encounter the most distressing difficulty than ever consent to renounce the right of fovercignity over America by an act of the British legislature; but as without such a conccession on our parr, peaceat present could not be established, he mud of - pose going into the committee for the purpose of making very impolitic and inefficacious vote.

S‘r GctrgeSir George Savilc observed, that the noble Lord had Cud s ' f more in favour of the motion made by his honourable friend than he had urged in the course of the debate. The noble 3 Lord

A. 1781.

DEBATES.

Lord supposed that America might yet be recovered, bat by omitting to statethe grounds on which this opinion was formed, he gave a pretty convincing proof that be believed America to be loft. He would not have forborne to state them, if he had had any good reasons for his suppofttion. The only hope that the noble Lord had ventured to hold out, a very poor one indeed, was, that this country had many friends in the two Carolinas, notwithstanding that they were afraid to come forward or to shew themselves, left they should be overpowered and massacred by their inveterate enemies; which amounted precisely ' to this, that our friends were numerous in these provinces, but our enemies were much more so; or which was the fame, thing, were more powerful. This was in fa& to say that we had no friends; or that if we had any, their friendship was tame and paftive, and consequently useless. The chief of the noble Lord’s other arguments were exactly of the fame fort. His Lordship tells you, fays Sir George, that the country is so exhausted, or the people so unwilling to dispose of their commodities, that no provisions are to be had; an acknowledgement of a most melancholy and alarming nature but the noble Lord consoles himself and comforts this House with observing, that the Americans felt the fame distress when they depended for supplies on the internal resources of the country. The noblo Lord however, in his zeal for establishing a favourite fa&, has furnishejd an unanswerable argument against what he so strenuously laboured to prove; for surely, by saying that a want of provisions was common to both armies while acting in the Carolina !, he destroyed his former afiertion, that the British army, was the most favoured. But the noble Lord had said more, he had owned that while the British army was starving in the mid ft of their friends, the rebel General Green was plentifully supplied from Virginia and the neighbouring colonies. These were the only reasons which the noble Lord thought ftc to aiHgn for his expectations of future success, that Lord Cornwallis and his army were starving in the midst of their friends, and Mr. Green well supplied in the midst of his; that his Lordship’s friends were afraid to declare themselves, and that for the best of possible reasons; because if they should attempt i{, they were lure cither to be captured or be massacred In cold blood.

The noble Lord, and several other gentlemen who fpokc on the same side, had aeclared, that they wished for peace, and lamented the enormous expence incurred In the prose -

cuiioa

PARLIAMENTARY

cation and the continuance of the war in very warm terms. Some of the gentlemen despaired of success; but they all agreed in one point—Let the war continue, it mutt be prosecuted. The only mode, said they, ? f procuring a successfui peace is the prosecuting an uofucce&ful war. It was a general received opinion heretofore, that a successfui war was the forerunner of an honourable and advantageous peace, but now the proportion was reversed in all its parts.

It has been acknowledged repeatedly in the courie of the debate, that we can never succeed by the way of arms. WeU then, Jays the motion let us fee what may be don# by treaty. No, say the very ferae persons, we will continue to try what we know cannot succeed, and firmly and peremptorily rcjcff what may possibly succeed. i

But the noble Lord fays, that offers have been tried; that propositions have been repeatedly made to no manner of par - pose; no doubt they have, and would fail again if of the lame nature; but the noble Lord has forgot the moil nutsc ? vial part of all the business; his Lordship has forgof to pdd, that so much was offered at each time as mini filers foresaw would be refused. While America remained contented to continue our subjects, no, said ministers, you shall not be our subjects unless you content to be taxed. Then comes their petition of right; no, said minitters, we wiH not bar you; and soon, Hep by step, till at length the Colonies declared themselves independent. Here he went into narratwe, and endeavoured to shew that no one concession was made but with a view to divide the people, and each effort having proved unsuccessful, then the noble Lord who fpokc kft, returned to his original ground of unconditional fubmeffioo; that is, the power vetted in his Majesty’s comtmfioners of declaring such a colony, town, district, &c. to be at the King’s peace, when they shall have laid down their arms and submitted to the will of the conqueror.

He then spoke to the point of expence, and the enormous Ihms annually expended to no manner of purpose, or ratBcr to the worst of all purposes, that of corrupting $he itpre - fentatives of the people; railing tw. enty millions annually, and distributing, a very conttderable part of it among the members of that tibufe. While the noble Lord who Ipdke last was employed in exhausting or draining o t the fieft blood in the nation, the noble Lord in the Hue ribbon was no less industrious in draining the pockets of the people. This led him to speak of the late loan, which he braodtd

With

A. 1781 ., D E BATES# 54$

a I mod every opprobrious epithet in the English language; it was, he said; to the last degree corrupt, venal, and di ( graceful; it wa& robbing and plundering the nation, in order to bribe with the spoil the members of that House, to perlift in a conspiracy for the ruin and destruction of their country. It was saying in plain terms, we know you dif - ’ approve of this accursed, ruinous, and diabolical war; but it being necessary for the preservation of out power that the war should be continued, if you will therefore raise thirteen millions on your constituents, you Hull have one of them yourselves. He observed, that ministers had not only plundered the people, but their defenders and friends publicly supported this right of plunder, and this division of the spoil; for, in the course of the debate on the loan, he had been informed, for he went away early in the evening on account of sudden indifpoiition, that an honourable member, in reply to some observations made by his honourable friend who made the motion [ Mr. Byng ] maintained, that to be ' sure if there was any advantages to be derived from th loan, it was natural that the noble Lord in the blue ribbon would give a preference to his friends. His honourable friend produced a list of those who were refused; he procured the oftenlible lift of those who were accepted of; and if he had focceeded in his motion for producing the names of the weak and tender nerved gentry, who were provided for in the lift, though their names were not inserted in it, he made no doubt but that such a seene of iniquity and public robbery would have been detected as never before disgraced the annals of any nation.

. He spoke to a great variety of other particulars, and concluded with lamenting, with his honourable friend who made the present motion, that he did not expert the least success - from his £pirited arid honest endeavours. He was convinced, that so long as it remained in the power of the minister, besides his ( landing resources and mearis of corruption, such as places, pensions, contrails, &c. to call in to his aid a million sterling to be ( hared among his accomplices, that we mull continue to be led on in the high road to inevitable deduction, while we had a man to light or a guinea to ipend.

. Mr. Charles Dundas, in a short speecli, supported the mo - Mr.

tion. He said, the late accounts from Lord Cornwallis were of a very melan holy and alarming nature; that while they announced victory, they were fraught with present dilafters, and promised nothing but future defeat, and of course pointed out the immediate necessity of debiting from the farther

. VoL. III. 4 A prosecution

44$

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ptofccution of the American war; or if it were poffibl#, upon the ground of the present motion, or any other of a similar nature, by the means of treaty, to endeavour to dFeft an accommodation upon the basis of mutual advantage, it t as now, he was persuaded, too late to hope, or even think of any other mode Coercion was now clearly become ira - pra6hcable, and peace, upon almost any terms, had become infinitely preferable to a ruinous and unfuccefcful war. He ipoke to some other points, which had been difeuffed in the previous part of the evening, and concluded his speeck with declaring fi nee rely, that he was totally averse to the farther prosecution of the American war.

. Turner. Mr, Turner said, he heard with peculiar pleasure, the no bje and manly sentiments of his honourable colleague, who spoke some time since [ Lord John Cavendish ]. He was happy in representing the fame constituents, ( the citizens of York ) and they, in turn, ought to be proud of such a re - •presentative as the noble Lord bad proved himself that night, as well as in every other part of his public condu£t. He was present the night the noble Lord made use of the expresskra his Lordship had this night alluded to He heard him say, as if speaking to the people of America, " If you are not contented to acknowledge our government, and remain unit ed with us, in God’s name go, and prosper, and devifirfome other form of government, better suited to your genios and disposition, and more likely to render you happy. " He was at the same time, and now, precisely of the fame opinion with his noble colleague, He had learned, and had been tau it from his earliest days, upon principles of found whigiftn, that all government was founded in compa&, which compost was no longer binding than it was up - held by mutual con sent, founded in mutual approbation; when, therefore, the noble Lord at the head of the American department, and the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, advised and recommended to that House measures of force, and the former contended for unconditional submission, he had constantly set his face against it, and would that instant perfxft in doing so, though the events of war had turned out as favourable as they had hitherto proved disastrous and unfortunate. The claims of this country were founded in cruelty, tyranny, and iqjustice. providence had graciously controuled, over - ruled, and finally defeated them; and almost every event which had taken place in the course of this ill - fated war, had been regularly and

prpgreflively prediftgd by the fide of the House on which he

G,

A. 17&1.

DEBATES.

, A right honourable gentleman who spoke early [ Mr. ftig byl had alerted that every description of men in that House had supported the American war. It was false; it might ndt be parliamentary language, but he Would repeat, it was false; he for one, never had, and he could answer, if called upon by his constituents, t at he never would. He abominated the War, and every measure that led to it, because he looked upon it to be a wicked war, and he knew many persons who united iq opinion with him on the subject. The right honourable gentleman said like wife, that there was no opposition made to the Boston Port Bill. In this the honourable gentleman was equally mistaken. He opposed it. Several Other gentlemen opposed it. It was more than once debated, and it was not at so very remote a period but he could well. recoiled the language; the mad and inflammatory language employed to render the members of that House as mad, as resentful, and unfeeling as those who made ufeofit. He remembered one gentleman, since deceased [ Mr. Van ] in Juszcal, chose and fought under the motto of Deltnda eft Carthago 1 let Boston be burnt, let it be razed to its lowest foundations. He remembered another learned gentleman {the Lord Advocate of Scotland ] recommended starvatkm as the most efficacious means of compelling America to fob mit to unconditional submission; and a third gentleman like - wife, he believed, then in the House [ Mr. Vyoer ] was so very fangufne, violent, and earned in his wishes to subdue those prOscribed febels, as to make a tender of seventeen fhil - liogoin the pound out of his landed property towards effecting at once £0 wile and glorious an undertaking.

He next repeated. the numerous provocations which had been given to the Americans before they could be induced to take up arms; the various acts of tyranny and cruelty. Which had been extreifed over them in the progress of the war; and the more numerous arts Which had been retorted to by ministers, in order to lead the nation into the war in the, first instance, and to keep them in it when they had once embarked; but in spite of all the attempts which had been. made to fcduce and betray them at one time, to bully and subdue them at another, the people of America had nobly with - stood them all; they deserved to be free, for they fought for the preservation of their liberty; their enemibi deferred to be defeated, and ruined too, for they had endeavoured to opprest and enslave men equally intitled to be free. with themftWcsi but who, on account of their magan -

4 A a aimity.

PARLIAMENT A R~Y A. 1781 -

ninftityj their patriotlfm, and their invincible bravery and resolution, were infinitely, as men and citizens, more defending of liberty.

In the whole progress of this wicked business, he could safely lay his hand on his heart, and aver, that he never gave a vote, directly or indirectly, for even countenancing, much lei supporting the American war. if the farther prosecution of it was likely to proraife success, he would Hill remain equally averse to it; but as no such prospect was, or could Be held out, or even looked for, he had additional reasons foY giving his vpte for the honourable gentleman’s motion. It would be a free and uneonnefted vote, for he was a total stranger to any connexion but that which had the foie and exclusive benefit and prosperity of his country for his final object, and the preservation of the constitution for its basis. The King, Ministers, nay the very Parliament itself, were constituted for the benefit of the people over whom they were placed, not for the aggrandizement of their governors. When, therefore, people talked of power, and of resistance to it, &c. they must mean right, for there was nd legal or constitutional power which was not founded in right; nor any right which was not ultimately for the benefit and advantage of those who by compact, or common confenr, created that right in the persons of their governors, as sancti - oned, explained, or marked out by the essential forms of the constitution.

After being very full upon this part of his subject, and having entered into the consideration of several mifceUaneous particulars of left moment, he alluded to the enormity, scan - dalous peculation, and waste of money, which had happened by the management of the last loan. He highly approved of the language used by the honourable Baronet who spoke lately, [ Sir George Savile ] and charged the noble Lord in the blue ribbon with abuling the trust reposed in him by the constitution, his sovereign, and the people, and diverting the monies which had been voted for the public service, in bribing the representatives to betray the interests of the dear eft and most important nature, which had been intruded to their care and protection.

Hetce. ] Lord Howe called upon the noble Lord, the Secretary of State for the American department, to explain a particular expression made use of by 1pm. He had, he said, taken a note of it while the noble Lord was speaking, and left it had not been correctly taken, with his Lordship’s permission,

, 2 be

549

A. 1781C DEBATES;

he would ttad it. The noble Lord’s words, - lie under - stopd them, were, u that there was no good ground for charging administration with having received bad information, and upon that information, having mifled Lord Cornwallis, for supposing the, King’s servants had been raifled,

. or milinformed, so had the noble Lord at the head of the North Carolina army; for the noble Lord had, as well in all his private as public dispatches, held oUt his moil favourable expectations, and had represented the inhabitants of the Carolinas as generally loyal, and extremely well difpefed to the royal cause. " He thought it necessary ito have this matter cleared up, because, though he had not the lead doubt of the noble Lord’s having the most distantr wi£h to retract what he had laid in so full an assembly, yet he thought upon a subject which he deemed of so singular importance, it would be every way more proper, that whatever was f id, should be explained, and whatever was explained, should be perfectly understood in the l ' enl ' e it was really and truly intended.

He found himself personally interested on the present oc - calion, as well in a public as a private character. He flood in a situatron which, he thought, made it necessary for him to explain the ground and motives of his conduct while acting in a public htuation; while acting in the double capacity of a naval officer and one of his Majesty’s commissioners for reltoring peace to America, The matter of explanation he now called for, might apply to him on the general principle, though, perhaps, not effect him as an individual. 7 It was true, the moment was not yet arrived when it became in his opinion, necessary to enter into particulars; but he foresaw, that probably a period would arrive when it might be otherwise. He anxiously waited for that period; and, in the mean time, took this opportunity of endeavouring to draw forth from the noble Lord at the head of tire American department such declarations of his sentiments as might be the means of preventing all future misunderflandings or uncertainty, should it hereafter become necessary for him to explain or impart to that House the motives of his conduct while acting in the character of one of his Majest ) ’ $ commissioners.

Lord G. Germaine, in reply, wilhcd to be perfectly under - lard

Hood by the noble Lord : what he said was this, which was in answer to the honourable gentleman wtfo made the motion respecting the presumed bad information which had been received

SSo

PARLIAMENTARY A. iy3l.

ceived from hence, and the bad Christsquenoes which proved the result of that information : that if any improper o mistaken information had "been tranltoitted by the Kiag; i servant’s here, it could not have been the meant of aiiileaa - Ing Lord Cornwallis; because the noble Lord, whatever intelligence he might have received from his Majesty’s fervaois respecting the disposition of the inhabitants of the provinces within which he was defined to &, had, in every dispatcfc or communication he had made government held oat the moil sanguine expc&ations, that the people of the two Gato linas were warmly and firmly attached to the King’s go Vernment. "

He was led, he said, to undetstand the noble Loud in oki way; that administration were kt lead : as modi induced to expect, that the inhabitants of North Carolina would have joined the King’s standard, from the dilpatehes of Lord Cornwallis, as from any information they had received at home Most certainly, as Lord Cotnwallis was on the spet, as he mud be presumed to have known the disposition and temper of the people in those provinces, the expectation of ministers was fortified and confirmed by the tenor of his Lord - iship’s dispatches. In this sense he wished to be understood \ for though his Lord ( hi p’s sentiments might not, nor wei the original foundation of the expectations formed as this fide of the water, they most certainly amounted to a fall confirmation of what otherwise might have appeared doubtful or problematical.

Lord [ Howe seemed perfectly contented with this expfasa tion and fat down. ]

Cep. Bar General Burgoyne heard, he said, with no finall degree of astonishment, the language held by the noble Lord at thi head of the American department; nor should he have lofc.

but to animadvert upon fame assertions and arguments oM by the noble Lord, which he knew himself were Mfounded in fact, or fallacious in point of dedu£tion. That this country was deceived by ministers from the very outlet did soft now call for proof; the matter was self - evsdent, from the state and progress, as well as origin of the wtt j it was pro nounced in terms the most inecjui vocal and dec&ve; yet that ministers, at this stage of this disastrous bufinefc should have the confidence to perpetuate the some pkm of tOipofioon and delusion, he confofted, created in hie mind the most pur fe& astonishment. It was a question of fame doubt with him, whether more to wonder at the hazardous confidence of

those

A. 1781 D t B A T E

tkofe who contended that America was ftiH recoverable by farce of arms, or at the blind credulity of the nation, who, after having for such a series of years been disappointed, coaid still continoe so infatuated as even to listen, much left rely upon atfurances, which could only originate in the ultimate extreme of knavery, or of the most consummate fatty.

Confide ring the capacity he acted in,. and the considerabto {hare he had in the prosecution of the American war, it might be urged, with great seeming plauflbility, and urged home upon him, that as a senator and a professional man, ho had approved of the justice of the war, and undertaken, in part, the bringing this necesiary contest to an happy and fuc - cefcful iflfue. He had apparently done ih, he vfts ready to acknowledge; but as no better opportunity might present it - self in the coorfe of the session, he craved the indulgence of the Hoafe, while he endeavoured to explain his conduit, as mett respecting the motives which induced him to take the part he had done in that House, as the ideas which prevail cd iivhis mind when called upon by his Majesty in his pro - fetitonal capacity, as hearing the King’s military commission.

. He was ever of opinion, that this country had no right to raiie taxes upon America and if upon no other ground but this, that it had never raised taxes, or attempted it. Custom was law in this in ( lance; it declared the constitution, and the mode of requifhion hitherto adopted by this country, aed acqoiefccd in by the colonies, consti luted a kind of original compalf, which, so long as both countries continued united, was firmly binding upon them in his opinion, or upon neither. So far for the justice of our claims, and the expediency of enforcing them by laws and regulations, whether applied to internal or external taxation.

’ These were the sentiments of a private individual, uncon - ns&ed with any party; they might be well deemed the spe - cularive opinions of a speculative man. It was very unnecei fary for him to follow the right honourable gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Rigby ) in his historical narrative of the different measures pursued by different administrations respecting America; or the particular or ostensible parts several persons of the first rank, character and abilities, had taken in the trattfactions of those times; a period arrived, however, when

I majority of that House, with the King’s servants, and per haps a majority of the nation, for the claims of this coun - tty were deeded popular, thought it necessary and expedient

topafs a law for enforcing aclaim ' upon the distin&ionof external taxes, or port duties, opposed to the taxes levied within the country. The attempt was made, and the confe - quences were recent in the minds of almost every gentleman who heard him. The colonics endeavoured to defeat those regulations; ministers persisted in trying to carry them into execution; the final result of all which was, that a most. via - lent riot broke forth at Boftbn, and afterwards in other of the colonies, soon followed by other circumstances, which clearly denoted a spirit of fixed refinance, by force of arms, if necessary to proceed to extremities.

It was not for him ( landing as he did, to argue upon the mere point of expediency; the nation in general seemed to resent this insult, as it indicated a seditious, if not a determined purpose to strike at the dominion of this country, and the supreme and controuling power of the British legislature.

It was just at this instant he was called upon, as a senator in that House, to declare his fentimCnrs, which, whatever they might be as to the mode of deriving financial advantages from America, which, in his opinion, were of the very essence of government, certainly pointed out to him the propriety of maintaining our claims in one shape or another, and, in the first instaoce, of supporting our authority and the power of government.

In the course of delivering his. sentiments in that House, he had expressed some opinions that might, or might not, for aught he knew, been well thought of by admini ft ration. Be that as it may, he found himself called upon by his Sovereign, he presumed, through the channel of ministers, for he could pledgees honour, by no direct or indirect application of his own, to render such services in America, in his military character, as he should prove capable of He had no option of his own; he accepted of the proffered honour, and went cheerfully to Americi, to discharge what, in the then date of things, appeared to him to be the united duties of a citizen and a soldier; he went, with a sanguine hope, that matters might possibly be yet accommodated upon fair and con - ftitutional grounds; or that if the colonics should persevere in measures clearly indicative of an intention to dissolve the bonds which held thema d the parent state. together that in that case, melancholy and disagreeable as such an alternative mud prove, this country, thus insulted and refilled by her own subjects, should - exert her power in compelling obedience

i

953

A D £ B A 7 £ S.

dience to the constitution and the laws, which might be thus trampled upon and violated.

With this intention he went to America; and he went there with fame degree of confidence, no less from the information of ministers, that we might not be compelled to have recourse to arms to any great extent or I6ng continuance, than that if we should, such vigorous, timely, and powerful exertions would be made on our part as would promise to put a speedy and fortunate termination to this unhappy, but necessary conreft.

But when he got to America, he found the reverse of this happen to be the case in almost every instance which came to his knowledge, the promises and predictions of ministers proving equally illusory and ill - founded. Our armies were mither so numerous as they were represented they would be, nor were they lent out in time; nor did the people who opposed the king’s government, at all resemble the descrip -

Mch had been given of them in that House by the rvants. The very first spettacle which presented it - im was a melancholy one, and gave directly the lie thing be had before heard upon the subjeH. auld not abuse the indulgence of the House farther, f into a minute recapitulation of what followed, and which had been much more pointedly and ably stated by his bonourabte friend who made the motion than he could post sibly pretend to do; it was sufficient for him to come to the pttfnt of explanation respecting his own particular conduit when ailing in some measure in a separate or responsible capacity, ana apply what he had collected from his own experience to the question now before the House.

■ He should not enter into particulars which had been io often fully stated and difeufled in that House, more especially as they concerned himself; he should therefore barely con - foe what he had to say to such only as related to the exalt ftmilarity between his situation and that of the noble Lord at the head of the Southern America army.

When he patted the confines of Canada, and was to enter into the province of New - \ork, he was adored by the noble Lord ajt the head of the American department, that he would have numerous and powerful friends to join the British stan -. dard; that he would meet with no resistance. of any consequence; that he would be partly subsisted within the country, Arc. These were the self lame assurances given to Lord Cornwallis : but what was the reception he met with ? a most Vol. III. 4 B powerful

v ^.

PARLIAMENTARY A. tj8ii

powerful refiffcarice, in the fcotffft of which the tnbft dau t - less bravery and the most obstinafe and firm resolution were; displayed;. ' be met with troops of tifrid, or rathef, in die words of his honourable friend who made the indtion, of treacherous friends, and bolls of powerful and inveterate enetpiesw Like Lord Cornwallis, hedflued a proclamation fraught with threats in case of disobedieAcc, and benefits id case of acceptance, to the inhabitants of the country through whiich he patted. He either omft have, passed through the country without flores or provisions, and run the rifle Of ft -, mine, or, as he did, wait for his baggage and confcqoeftt - ly tho fbpply of provisions which he bad with him. There were in the province of New - York a few friends; but whenever they made u shew or appearance in his favour, or attempted to join him, like the ill - fated Carolinians, they were attacked, captured, and cut off, or had fallen a lachfke to the resentments and revenge of their brethren ! There were other features of hit expedition equally common to both. One was, that of fallc intelligencet The day before the affhir at Bennmgt6n, be had cVery fair prolpe t of fuc - cess; but the treacherous conduct of timid friends, which led him to mike that diveilion, totally defeated every obe of his efficient plans for pushing forward.. Like the rebel Southern anrty too, while he drew ail hfe supplies from Canada or Britain, the army opposed to him Were in general plentifully suppliod. An instance of a. very striking nature, of this kind had come to his knowledge, which was, that they drew their fbores and provisions several hundred miles distant, though the road by which they ' were conveyed was in part within the countries then in pouefhon of the British troops; nay, fd certain were they of the attachment of the inhabitants throughout the Whole route, that there was net so much as i iingle fife of taen sent with them to prot them; on the contrary, they had no other afEftanee or pro - td&ion but what the drivers of the carts or waggons ought be supposed to give. This, though apparently a trifling cir - cumftance, served to convince him more than any other of the temper and dispofirion of the people At large, and of the confidence the Congress, and those who derived their poVror under them, reposed in the people.

Themoble Lord at the head of the American department laid, in extenuation of himself, that if bad dr ill - founded intelligence had been received on this fide of the Water, and from hence trauhnicted to Lend ComwaBts, his LowMhip

‘. V.

AiVyfii *. y or. B a ~; a ' ti e s '

bod, ih all hi s. fli/patches, confirmed die Ring’s servants flat ' tfycyhad been welt informed, as he held out in all his public, and private correfpbodence ' vrtith ipfjmftcrg; that he was en - »; titled tto form the most favourable pxpc&ations of the zeaL add co - of eritiou of the loyal inhabitants. It was of no great coidequence in the : event which party had been mifled but it was of infinite teorifeqoencctaLtbe nation, and to Lord Corn ' waliis as an office ttliat the former fhopld not be aBufed or itnpoCed on, ubr the latter gxofsli injured in his character

aa a tbldier. i - i ' ■. ..

hHe. imift confihs he had fiis doubts on the subject; he had ' hjmfelf tndde private comawfloicaiimis ffefpe&ipg the flite of atff rSj On thetfp f which i hiave been prudent or

properrtD he complained of the inadequacy of hie

force, indnftat odi tie tfifcippoi rpmeritsi he had met wuh, end the mbr£ that werd likely td follows - That House was nOt in ppffdffictn of ( heiwfaole of ' Lord Cornwallis ? s dispatehci, nor perhaps would - fiti/bfc ! ’ propci they should; but this point he wasrdefiioiistWMiiprinT dartidufcairlyon the titafe of the House, that thefittfaririn rdf ia General Wa ( fetjeate and critical. Hti ivioduced p protn /origbref hopes 6f fucoofi, upon certain ' condition : ithbfemoondltioAs add fine performed $ blit the ' protnifes made in consequence of the eventualjjerformanco ' df ttien& lavexjuotri wtorle thi breach is epneeated, He experienced this in {his ©WnlcatH ) he doubted it wks equally applibablp to LdfddDornwattis, and he w s the more ’ eonvinced of this frtm aiffrcOrttflance which cime vouched to him upon the very authority, that ' Lord Cornwallis had noi‘ more th n fifteen Kbnd ed torn under his command, whereas if etriftly Wrc rfy ' dW&ofed, be strurtd that He waf taugbctO pt dOfifcle bi ’ " el ) le‘ ’ ' that rihtabef; A9 that

aitolfty g th ifaftYo cPWfldfcntly flatted by file AoftHf fiord to‘ tfcr > t ru TO > afi ' rif e6 ! yj that fbteSritish ilandard had nuttier cftw; frftrid$virt Nbi h CaTbfitritWttefbite ’ to it as fbofl as eVeft - ec£ and that ' lihrlf GbftwaWishafl Jhe ! d 6ot IfiiAri fetrideas jft MadHpatCh ’ jVahd ’ Wpon ttaaf ' ptefutoption held ' but ffinguinc cfcpe&atjons df Tubceftj ' thb ’ ♦ fliTure1 and "dflfeppbintjrhcrit‘ ifligbt ttevcrtlicless be imputable to mini Iters, b ? tfe brought b8mc drre&ly "to the noble Lord at the he d of the American dbpartment ^ oecaafe he h d ' not berfoqned his nrqmile oi ftlftlled ’ the conditions f on whidi Lord. Cornwallis had fbtiridil his. expectations7 nairiely that of having under hw ’ command 5060, jrfftea l of ifodpien. Indeed, putting the ' « np ? e iffy ot tire feasttlcbufot the qufcftioft, evdry ntlenfcm V 4 B musk

SSJ

556 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 ;

nrnft conceive, that if our friends were not protected, tachments spread through the country, and posts occupied, the operations of the army, and the effi s would always be; confined within the lines, or to a very final ! circle round them. He concluded, by observing that it would be need - less to trouble the House with arguments to prove that the southern campaign in America was nearly terminated, at least so far so, as to put an end to all expectations of any farther solid advantages. If so, he believed he should not be opposed in saying that the loss of America was inevitable. The Gazette bore the most indisputable evidence of it, and after the very pointed, but obvious comments made on it by his honourable friend who made the motion, tf any man stifl - retained a doubt concerning the event, he would make r proposition which would bring the matter to a final issue.

He would move for leave, to call Captain Broderick fthe officer who brought over the Gazette dispatchcs ) to the bar 5, from whom as a man of honour he would undertake to draw forth such information as would fully convince :, the mod prejudiced political feeptte, that the war in North Carolina was now as imptra&icable at it had proved throughout every other Province into which the British arms had been carried.

Col. Btrtley Colonel Hartley spoke next. He agreed with the noble Lord who spoke early in the debate, ( Lord G. Germaine ) that the motion intended for the committee was fttbftaritiaMy the : fame as that which he had find the honour to move but a days before. He thought however that the present motion : came more strongly recommended than the former; for to all the previous experience which we had had, there had been added the evidence of % late Gazette, When he moved the House there wcresports in town, that Lord Com - wallis had gained a signal victory over general Greene, and that the most fortunate and decisive efforts in our favour would probably follow that yi&ory. The arguments used a -, gain ft his motion were, that it would be improper to ( hackle the bands of ministry in the full tide and current of success; that such a conduct would carry about tt every appearance of public insanity; that those who conquered were the fittest to make peace; and that it would be time enough to talk of peace wheu every other means had failed, or when all other expectations of success were destroyed. That period was now arrived 5 the signal victory and all the golden dreams, and fanciful ideas which it had created in the minds of his.

~ Majesty ' s

AUfli. B ' E B A T E S

Majesty’s mifltiAett, had, like all other illusions cf a similar nature, entirely vanished. The noble Lord at the head of the - army In that country has himself said as much. He fays, he has got among timid friends and inveterate enemies; that he could procure no information; or that the little he did procure, was given with art intent to betray, mislead, and rujnhim; and that his army has like to have peri ( bed by fa mine. Qn this clear ground then the question now flood; and he called upon ininiders either to agree to the motion, or publicly acknowledge that the arguments used by them on a - former day were not founded in their real sentiments, but merely taken up as the spur of the occasion, to defeat his proportion, without his having the mod distant idea of fu - ture success,

Mr. Adam role in reply to the two lad speakers ( GeneralMr. ffcw. 5rtrgoyne and Colonel Hartley ) He said that in his opinion, v atj jt}je argument made use of to prove the impra&ibility of American, war, or improbability of coercing America, however well founded, were either extremely irrelative or premature. Hitherto, in times of the highefb prosperity, wKert the public affairs were conducted with the greated wisdom, and when our arms proved victorious in every quarter ttf the globe it was the policy of tjiat House and of Par *

Ifadgent to leave the discretionary exercise of the executive free anti unrestrainedy where the conditution had very ftjy placed it; namely, with the Cfowo, or rather with those ( ulWtdinate instruments yhich it might think proper to em *

It was qn this account chiefly, that he thought it his Any to oppose me present motion. It might or it might not ^. prudent to ( take peace with America, even on any. terms; thktf however Jii Urtderdobd the honourable gentleman’s pio - tibirt, was not the quedion before the House; but merely, wftkfher the Crown should be diveded of its conditutio ' npl ' p$dtf6&ativV, in order that Parliament should dep in and do thk, ho nfratter whether right or wrong, which the consticu - tfoii had. ordained should be executed by the King Himself Or his ministers.. "

f This being the trud ffate of the case as it had struck him, lie Should Consider it In ' that light,; od that only. The Gazette might admitof the interpetation put on it by the ho - nobrabld gentleman who made the motion, and by several other honourable gentlemen who spoke on the same side. —

It might be literally true what the honourable gentleman l&O spoke lately aiferted, that there was an exact limilitude b8tWtcn the honourable gentleman ’ ! situation imd that of

Lord

P A IfcL I AW B. N T ATR Y Ar S *

Ldtd CordwaHis; it might be farther twie, that Ameiier Was irrdcorcrably loft, and that the profeeatidh of the Wfef1 iji that quarter would be attended with a ruirtbus expend1 to no manner of purppfc All this might be the tfe, though he was, to his present mode of thinking, extrfemety difyqfed ' to doubt it, if not abfdlotely deny it and yet, aHc mj 3 the arguments ’ on that fide of the question tb be tbtaJF ly unanswerable, he should ( till fete equally, ag inst fhc motion. It would effect no change in his ferjtftrients, though every and each of these fa&$ had been verified at the bar either upon the general argument, or the fdpp‘ofe < J circjufci - j fiances which fomc gentlemen seemed tb thinkftook the pre - fenl case out of the generall Tide.

It was, he believed, acknowledged by every gentjfmail 0fl;

. iclthef fide Of the House ', aj lead he wbufd so. presume ' that it was the undoubted prerogative of the Crbien to declare• war and make peace ' The matter then so fee decided Was. whether there was any thing in the present vv r which might juilify or rather create i necessity for ' deviating from establishfed ’ rurle ? Be had hot heard a fyilable cfireflly Q ( t iadirectly to prove dip grptind bjP such a necessity; it not even pretended th$the hefiref, dr was any thing pfelisk kind attempted‘to ' be stated; the wl\oJe t a pe he rd that the war was become iftipra&icable, apd therefore the House ought to add refs the Crown to m Rp peace. Tm imported, in nis, apprfchenfi6n, that the Crown pr. its mini - iters had heglefted, pr were Jncompetent br n bl ? to per - j fofnr their duty. To this he woulp say, j hat before he couU, give his voice in behalf of tUp motion % ted, by the hviQ > : able gentleman, some proofpf. the 5$ $ Ariaatyf

life or the Crown or the Jving s Servants ought to the adii - cJw. ' Not :, having heard apy th‘ g dfen. gciycalfewfafc, ;

uhsupportecl by. props ^. y ny thing ipucii distaat reTeroj ) fance to proof VJg d from Rouse, this ircujn Unce alone w s fu iqn /HPpo fi ’ negative he intended to give the motion ., t

After haying - very felly gv ed Aw ppiflt n ffe proceeded to eluoidite i#TOflg

rical fails. He fai < L jW ' d iu thetnoft ., happy : apd cefsful periods of our yit it bfftP COteifo

the legislature not. to interfer vuh jthe. jexer e of fbe HU 1 cutive power; apd when ath ment had Jt eo PP jH ? fd - ' v rfe line of CQndwA ifed

iiverdy felt. In. particB ^. riqg; ' '

7 ' O E ' i A - t £ S.

able ilatefman, celebrated foidier, and magnanimous prince, William the Third ', that Monarch’s attention among others of an inferior nature,. was speciatty attached to the affair# of Ireland PbrliamWit interfered on the dcCafion, and con - ' trended the executive power. This fcftcbhftitutiorral control was no sooner Exercised than the bad corifequenCeaj Osifittg from fitch an improper and uocoiiftifutlonaf interference. were immediately felt -. It was FeU fora rime only, its be ( amehted : onr affairs in that ifctnd every day grew from" bad to worse. Those who perceived the fr&e tause the tm - oonftitutional and impolitic interference of Parliament, rea - ioded then as he did now, ' and troth and found policy at length triumphed over a fa&ibua or itttftaken real. It wai not tiU tarly in the year 1691 fhat King William was left t liberty toast vbnfoaant to his. bwn sentiments and that of his council - He was prevented in Fofne measure from con : dotting the affairs of thht country agreeable to his own jttdg - ipent. As fdoo as those impediments VrerC removed, the Eogiilh affairs there, began to profpwr, and continued in that Hate till that countary was inti rely reduced, and peace was restored on &fe and honourable terms. The case Was the ’ iaole in several other particulars, which he deemed netdleft particularly to advert ' to; and - muff always happen to be so,; whenever die legislatiw, uSless in/an instance of extreme or j btorious necesstty, attempted to oontroul Or usurp those powers Which the constitution had lodged in the Sovereign and his immediate advisers.

. Were the present argument to be applied to the question before the House, he was convinced it was impofbble it could ever be more aptly applied. If peace with America upQd her oWn terms weVe become absolutely necessary, there was an end of the present business; the interference of Par i&mcftt was corifequently ufekfs; because what miniffers might do. without die fa nation of Parliament, they could oply do with its permission. If, on the other hand, negoci action Or treaty was to superfcdc a state of hoffility; or if terms Were to be made or procured, ministers would have infinitely a better chance of focceeding while at liberty to treat, negotiate, and agree upon conditions, than if having their bauds tied up by la vote of that House, they should find themselves as k were bound by that vote; id v/ ?, a refolu - tk > n of oOe of the branches of the lcgillature, importing a command to the King s ftrvants to make peace, dr run the rilque of Parliamentary reiponfibtfhy, of not - making the hm possible peace that could be obtained.

Mr *

le

56o PARLIAMENTARY A. 178

Mr. Martyn Mr. Martyn ( aid he could not fit silent while it was said inhis hearing, that the American war was a popular war. He could affirm the contrary with confidence. That there were very great majorities in that House who voted for it, he was ready to acknowledge; but that there was a majority, even a pretended majority without doors, who were for entering into this bloody, this unnatural and disastrous war, was what he would ever deny, because he knew it to be every way falie and ill founded, He well remembered the arts and industry ofed by ministers, their tools, and emifiaries, to procure what they flattered themselves would stamp this accursed war with a fcmblance of popularity; but he remembered like wife the inefficacy of those several attempts. He recollected that their moil flrcnuous endeavours brought forth but a few English add relies while all Scotland, nay every little petty borough from one end of that kingdom to the other was searched, and adulatory addrenes, fraught with sentiments of blood, daughter, and revenge, were presented at the foot of the throne—to the fountain of mercy

He totally revolted against the idea attempted to be ira - pressed on the House by the right honourable gentleman on the floor [ Mr. Rigby ] that all administrations, and all descriptions of men in that House and out of it had been friends to the American war. He could with confidence contradict him without reserve, and put him to the proof. The right honourable gentleman had said, " so did this act - mi nistration, so did that; 99 but he defied that gentleman of any one of his friends, to adduce a single instance to prove that any one of the persons, parties, or descriptions of men to whom he had alluded, had either directv or indirectly given a sanction to the measures which had actually produced the American war

o « /Uw ? r e Mr. George Onslow said he disapproved of the Stamp A at the time, and opposed it because he thought it unconfli - tutional. He had approved of the declaratory law, because he thought it conilitutional; and he had ever looked upon the port duties as a measure founded on the basis of the declaratory law, which was meant as an afiertion of the con - flitutional claims of this country over North America. So that, as applying to the respective political sentiments of all parties, he was persuaded that the present war with America was founded in justice,. not only upon the principles of the conllitution itself, but as sanctioned by every set of men in power since the commencement of the present reign.

i He

kt ty&tt O E B A 1 E S j6l

. He then proceeded into narrative, and deemed to he ofopi - nion, that the, Colonies would long since have acknQwlcdgtdl tfac dominion, ' as woll as coofefied the power of the parent sute, if the mfcafures adopted on this fide the water had been ably or faithfully; carried into execution The period for ffe&antial feccefs had, he feared, completely passed away *

Hopei, however, might ftiU be retained if this country was Unitedr At all events, the relburce of Great Britain were great; its fleets and armies in some measure invincible; and whatever other gentlemen might think, he was firmly per leaded, that We wanted nothing to insure us success but onion mbongourselves, and its constant concomitant !, firmness, con fidetice, and refo&ution.

Mr Banks spoke very ably and spiritedly in support of Mr. fcxnJfi the motion, and made several pointed observations on what had fallen from the opposite benches ' in the course of the de hate. He would never allow, that the war with America was a popular war, conduced to the extent, and in the manner it bad been. The nation had been deceived into it, and the Americans had been compelled, on principles of self - de fence, to have recourse to arms. If the offers made in 1777, by the British Parliament, had been tendered io ' 1774, ' or indeedmt any one period previous to passing the ▼ote of independency, the war would never have happened; or even if the Americans could have safely trusted to the security of the administration who held out the terms in 1778, he believed that the people of that country might have been prevailed upon to rdctnd the vote of independence, and break off or diffolv/e their connections with France.

He was ettremely severe on the conduct of ministers, respecting the promoting the American war in thefirff instance, and their total inability in carrying their own plans, crude, ideal, and defective as they were, into execution *

. He dwelt for a considerable time on their apparent want of information, on the ungenerous means they had recourse to in order to vilify and blacken the character of every profefi fional man they employed, and the various arts used to thro# the odium justly due to their measures upon men who had been do credulous or so weak as to trust to their assurances of afliftahee on the oth r fide of the Atlantic, and of their prore&ion on this. /; *

It was urged with much force, why divest the crown of the exercise of the executive power, without some proof of abuse or misconduct; or that having had it in their power to make peace with America, they had neglected, it. Vol. IIL 4C The

I

S (, i PARLIAMENTARY

This fiirely was most extraordinary language, he would appeal freely and confidently to ministers themfetoesj for he was certain, were they to answer, they would acknowledge, that from the day the disturbances broke out at ( he town of Boston to the time that the contents of the declaratory had reached America, there was not. One fession passed in which ministers might not have procured much better tcrpu than those which they Were afterwards obliged to offer, and which ! where accompanied with such circumstancei of national degradation and disgrace.

Experience, he said, had proved that raioiftert were no longer to be truffed in devKing proper means for teftpring - peace to this bleeding country, suppoling peace to be attain - ' able : the present motion was only intended to pave the way

to it upon the pofftbility that it might be attainable j if it should not, Parliament, the nation, the mini firy, would just find themfelues where they were before, and after the long and patient trial which had been given to adntinistration, from which not a iingle salutary confluence had been derived, and from which several fatal mischiefs had flowed, nothing would be risqued by the present nxftion; while on die other hand, we might try what could be done under another system of policy, which would have for its profcffed object peace, in preference to the farther profqcution of a fruitlefe war For those and several other reasont which ho had heard stated in the course of the debate, he was fully - perfuadedof the propriety as well as of the good conle - quences that might probably be derived from the adoption of the honourable gentleman ’ proposition *

The Hon. The Honourable William Pin rose next, and very parti - Wm, Pitt. puJar attention was paid to him. The question been loudly called for by a particular description of members, but on his rising, all fioes of the Hpufe were silent, and paid him the respect that was due. to his abilities and to the occasion of his rififlg. The honourable gentleman said, that be was induced to rile from certain expreihons that had fallen from a tight honourable gentleman on the floor [ JVfc. Rigby ] and another gfintkman oo the other fide of the House [ Mr. Adana ] respecting the ministerial and kgiflative candu& of a and most. tefpefted relation of his [ Lord Chatham ] with regard to the American war, and the prngreihoc measures which had produced, it ifc thought it waa his duty, as the son of that noble Lord, and as a member of that Haufc, to rife upon the pc call on to correct the gentleman who had

ipokef

rlf. E A ' T E 8.

; ea. and topr yent the Hoi p. fcom going away under a fuauon that the conduct and sentiments of the noble per -. were/ocji as bad been described. The silence of a per - £ > nearly connected and allied in blood and af&&ior [ hi seem to countenance what bad been so confidently but ►qeously stated. There might be many gentlemen in the e who were well acquainted with the political opinions _ lat noble perfoq, To them no refutation of the asser - tlpos of thiai night would be necessary; but there might be fame who were perfectly ignorant of them, or who knowing them but imperfe&Iy might be deceived by misrepresentations > s unintentionally made,

tuated by these motives, he thought it incumbent to his relation’s opinion, as it appeared in his public con - and as it came farther confirmed by private communication made to himself and the rest of his family. The no - Jle person whose name had been so often mentioned in the c rfe of the evening, most heartily reprobated the American prar in all its parts, as well on the principle on which it was f3M££n up as its progress, and the ultimate objects to which it pointed. He had expressed himself uniformly so. on the fub - je£k, and he was persuaded never gave a vote or opinion in, cqptradift. ion to ( those sentiments. Those who acted with ( ffcim well knew it $ there were many Hving testimonies of the tfuth of this aftertion, and innumerable erreumftanues could ’ tie adduced, if farther evidence were required,

The only opinion declared by him, which could have afforded the most distant colour for such an aftertion was, that tie thought this country had a right to law duties for the regulations of commerce, duties incidental to the extension of trade, calculated for the mutual benefit of both countries put not a single taxor duty of any kind for the purpose of failing a revenue in America, to be remitted home, and to

be disposable by the British Parliament. This, however was but a speculative question, totally different and, distinct

' from the doctrines which were productive of the war. Those at least which produced the riot at Boston, from whence it ' was acknowledged by everyj fide of the House the war originated, did not come within the above description. They

were axes upon the Import laid on expressly by the 6ritish ' Parliament, collected. under its authority, and intended for the BritifttTreasury; and were not even pretended to hold out any advantage to bot b countries, but to one only; neither were they directed to promote or extend the commerce

of America, but merely to draw out of the packets of the in -

4 C 2 habitants I

I

PARLIAMENTARY. i.

habitants of that country cfrtain fuma of money for tug menting the revenue of this r

These were the true and genuine sentiment ? of the noMe person alluded to; to affrrt, therefore, that because he proved of one mode of conduit, which was not adopted that he approved of another fydem, which be had io free questly and openly reprobated, was a rood extraordinary Jcind of logic indeed. But he could not think that thoty who argued in this manner expelled to bring home coftvic4 tion to the bread of any man who had not before been made a convert to their opinions.

After explaining his noble father’s principles and conduit ? in a ( Hie of the mod manly oratory, and in a drain of thg mod persuasive eloquence, be procteded to speak to the que ( V tionf He said, some gentlemen had passed the highed eulo - jgiums on the American war. Its justice was defended in the mod warm and fervent manner indeed. A noble Lord, who spoke early, in the heat of his zeal had called it an holy war *. For his part, though the honourable gentleman who made the motion, and some other gentlemen, had been more than once in the course of the debate severely represended for calling it a wicked or accursed war, he was persuaded, and would affirm, that it was a mod accursed, wicked, barbarous, cruel, unnatural, unjust, and diabolical war ! It was con -, ceived in injustice; it was nurtured and brought forth iq. folly; its footdeps were marked with blood, daughter, perfection, and devaftstion; in truth, every thing which wtnt to conditute moral depravity and human turpitude were to be found in it It was pregnant wkh mi ( chief of every kind, while it meditated dedruction to the miserable people who were the devoted objects of the black resentments which produced it. The mischiefs, however, recoiled on the nor happy people of this country, who were m de the infiruf ments to effblt the wicked purposes of its authors, The nation w s drained of its bed blood and of its vital resources of men and money, The expence of it was enormous, much beyond any former experience, and yet, what had the British nation received in return ? Nothing but a series of inef fvftive ' viltoriee or severe defeats; yi&ories only celebrated with temporary friumph over our brethren whom we would trample down, or defeat, ' which filled the land with mourning for the loss of dear and valuable relations, ( lain in the impious cause of enforcing unconditional submission, or narratives of the glorious exertions of men druggling in the tyoly cause of liberty, though druggling under all the difficulties

9

A. 17&1 ' ‘ 0 £ B : A T £ S. - 5

culties and dHWd vantages ' frhich are in geiWral deemed ( lit iteccffaryconcomitants of victory and success. Where was the Enfgtiftunan on reading the narratives of those bloody tod well - fought contests, who could refrain lamenting the ) ofs of so must British blood Tplit in such a cause ? or from weeping on whatever fide victory might. be declared ? Add fp tbifc, that while in this melancholy consideration we could perceive nothing but our natural and powerful enemies, or lukewarm add fatthleft friends, rejoicing in our calamities, or - aneditating our ultimate downfall.

He said be had taken the present opportunity of delivering his sentiments on the American war. There was not a point £n view in which he considered it; there was not a feature which presented itself to hirf notice, but served the more and mote to confirm him in the opinion he had early formed /concerningits mischievous and destructive tendency and he trusted the present opinion he had given would be received s‘it was sincerely intended; as fully expresstve of his princi - pk, so far as they might be applicable, or seemed to bear a relation to the American war in all its future as well as former Gages.

4 He made several detached pbfervations on the grounds and motives on which the honourable gentleman had supported his motion, but seemed chiefly to rest his arguments on the injustice of the war in its outlet, the innumerable mischiefs ft had been already productive of, and the still more fatal and difafterous events it might bring with it, if ministers or \

jbe nation should persevere in urging a war, which, whether successful or not, ought not to be farther pursued, because it { yras totally subversive of the true constitutional connexion by jvhich both countries were united *.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland said, as it had been the I

fashion that night for gentlemen to rife and deliver their po - Scotland. Jitical creed, he found fyimfeif obliged on account of some things which had fallen in the course of the debate to follow jbe example He knew it was disorderly to advert to some matters that had fallen in a former debate; ypt the rule was almost every day traofgrelTed, and had be$rf particularly so with respect to him by an honourable g rftlcman on the other fide of the House. An honourable Baronet who spoke parly said, that he understood that in the night of die debate on the loan, a learned gentleman h « d maintained in argument, that if any advantages were to be derived front Riding sums in the fubfbriptiop, \t wasnatufaj and justifi -

t

P AR L IA MEM T A RY A

•Me for the kioUe Lord in the blue ribbon t6 dHWbute M

bcaettrs among his friends in preference to those who wore known or ful petted to be adverso to his mcafarcc. the honourable Baronet reported this only from hearsay, bt wasirf dy to acknowledge that the hoaonwthte isntatt Bad been well informed. The pcffbit supposed to wfe the wotdft was himself. He made nte of the ezprefliony and be WH ready to repeat it; for he was ftiU of opinions, that if ' any advantages were to be derivedftwa the loon, advantages ini cidental to its nature, and which could not be provided again#, the noble in the blue ribbon bad right to ufb his diferttion, and distribute the advantages among hie friends in preference to his opponents. The honourable Baronet might as often as he thought proper, bestow every ignon& - nous epithet upon the loan, and upon every person concerned it, or who defended it; it would occasion no alteration hi, his feniiments. He was proud of being one of its defenders and shoukl continue to do lo upon the principles on ' whidl he ’ first took it up. That it Was the be# birgain in the then existing state of things that eoaW - be made for the public; and when the bargain was made, that the minister Wtt fbttf itiftified in i ' uch a distribation as appeared mo# agreeable to him. -

oil

blind zeal testified by several individuals in that House; Urging measures of coercion, and endeavourring to precipitate this country into a war with her colonies, had allotted to nr expression supposed to have fallen ffomfiiin in an eatff flag© of the unhappy difference. He ttrid, that ttarvatiutt had been recommended as the mo# efficacious means of rr - ducing the Colonies to submit to uncortdttionaf fobmiflfon. He did alFure that honourable gentteman, he was totally mittaken both in the fatt and the application; If ever he had used the word ttarvation, it was not in any debate re - spetting the American war. He might haveufed it, it was a provincial word; and if he had1 not thegood fortune to be so great a matter of language, as to pottdk such a share of el attic a 1 epithets and elegant expressions as the honourable gentleman, he trotted that the honourable gentleman and his friends would not impute th - t to him as a - ctime which ctrutd only arise from his not having the gbod fortune to be bora at the south fide Of the Tweedy h was to be lure difoixfcrly o refer to what patted ia - a former debate; particularly;

when

AMtluV U * A T H fc *

when. reference was had to; a period fotfar distant, but as well ' a kt memory could serve him, if ever he made use of the word formation, it was not in relation to America, but in a debate on the disfranchisement of the borough of Hindon, or ’ thrpomibmctttof feme of the cio&ors who had been charged afeh oriminal conduct at the preceding general eie&ion; If1 gSDtfomen however, thought proper to divert themselves at1 hit oxpeoce they, were exceedingly Welcome; if they loved the joke, infioirs name let them enjoy it, he should have no rsafbii to rmnyhit tiit motive, which induced him to take notice of it, jvas not to fpml the jefl, but only to lay in his ' ejekm, that in ispur ^, honourable gentlemen would please to dohitn the just ice, when they dcfcanted on the word, to at - tmdrfOQre faithfully to the application, and not lay it down1 at % f &i that when he recommended fee reducing the Colo - ipot to terms of uneonditionid obedience, he had pointed out so horrid a means at that of reducing them by famine, or in fe adopted language of the honourable gentleman, by ft a r - vatkm.

7 3Phe, feme honourable gentleman had spoken to another pefett, in which he believed he was equally mistaken. It was ' customary with gentlemen to confound times and circum - fttocea for the purpose of holding him out In a particular light ? as heing one of the early promoters of the American War, - anjdont of the most zealous abettors of it in that House. UeWl led that the honourable gentleman had Wit cmrteft irjdiis aflertiojw. He would teii the honourable gen - tfotoen what perhaps he might deem unworthy of Iris notice, tbit rhft Was not in Parliament when the Boston Fort Bill was parffod, near when any other of the meafhres of fetes which atiftonapapied that act, had received the sanction of ParHa - feedtw He hadr not the honour of a feat in that House before the last general ele&ton bat one; consequently, stH the cir - CsnodUnets which the honourable gentleman mentioned, of thftxwdops aeal expressed in different terms, by forte of the i rimdual$ of fee preeeeding Parliament could bear ( to more idaliofl tan his oondttft at a subsecpienpt period than to that < A foferr per foil in the two kingdoms, who ( night oc not arrive to the honour of a feat in that House. But

feid, he.. begged leave to explajq hirafelf, that he by no BWanf. wsikcdJfeiQcegd. the merit, at avoid thy demerit which was due to those who were most zealous in wishing to infort the just conilitutional claims of this country over her revolted febjpQs; all he intended or defined to impress upon the

miods

PARLIAMENTARY a 178 ( 4

minds of hifc auditors was this : that he had no ihare as a fe - nator in promoting those measures of policy or coercion which operated as the beginnings, and infaft finally producj tdthe American war *

It was the fashion, as he had said before for every gen - tkman who ro ( e to make a confedion of his political faith or subscribe to a kind. of political creed; he trusted that be should be indulged in turn, and that the House would favour him with the fame degree of attention which he had shewn to other gentlemen, who had thought proper to explain the principles upon which they had acted. He had entered the House, he could affirm, as an unprejudiced, unconnected man, without any more predilection for minifUrs than for their opponents. He could lay his hand on his heart, and with truth affirm, that in considering the question respecting the claims and rights of the mother country and her colonics, he formed his opinions upon the subjefb abstractedly, in re - ipeft of parties and individuals, and - weighed and decided upon the question in dispute, ' clearly and exclusively, on the merits, and acted upon no other opinion but his own; neither was he warped by any other man ’ s, however high or respect able at any fide in cither House.

What was the consequence ? he waited till some of the great and leading points had undergone a full difeuflion, and then made up his mind upon the subject, and thence, front the moment conviction had teached his heart, he bad never, to the present minute, swerved a tittle. He thought, that as soon as America confided in arms, in order to maintain the justice of her cause, Great Britain was called upon to exert all her powers and strength in order, to reduce her subjects id that country to acknowledge the sovereignty of the British Legislature in as full and ample a manner as it had heretofore exercised and enjoyed it; and till that acknowledgment was obtained, never to cease profecuking her rights# The ideas the noble Lord who spoke early [ Lord John Ca - vendish ] entertained of government were very different from his, he tnuft confess; nc recommended to let the Americans go and prosper, as soon as they revolted : for his part, he was against the hearing of any treaty or concession whatever till after the right was as publicly and as inequivocally acknowledged as it had been traitcriously and seditiously dc « nied.

4 Under

le

£, 17814 - DEBATES *

Uockr this perfuaAon he voted with the minister upon every great question, because he thought it his duty, and never differed with him till his Lordship had, in his opinion, very improperly departed from the system which he had now dc&ribed, namely, that of offering terms to our rebellious fabjects so long as they continued in arms.

He hoped he had acted candidly; he trqfted he had ailed confidently, when he publiely disapproved of the conciliatory poopofltion moved by the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, ‘He recollected he was one among a very few that night who liad the fortitude to redd it. He remembered one other gen tie man, no less esteemed for his long Parliamentary experience than for his political knowledge, and independent in - tegrity, who flood forth on the occassion [ Mr. Welbore Ellis} and predicted what in part iince happened, that it would produce higher preteniions on the part of our rebel subjects, as we fecrotd dclirons or willing to concede or relax in our just claims. For the rest of his conduit, it was under the eye of Parliament; headed, from time to time, agreeably to Circumstances, never in a Angle instance abandoning thorn principles which he at Arft avowed.

He voted uniformly in support of the measures of government, and could now solemnly affirm, after consulting his heart and his judgment, that he never had cause to regret for a Angle moment a vote that he had given.

He was ready to agree with fomc of the gentlemen on the other Ade of the House, who had drawn the affairs of this country in such exaggerated colours, a pillure, he was bold to iky, much distorted and over charged; he was ready to allow that it wopld have been better, merely conAdering the event, that the iword had nev r been unsheathed in this unhappy quarrel; hut he would add, however adverse fortune had proved, both from circumfbmccs within and from without, that it was not in die compass of a rational mind to foreiee, or be able to provide a gain ft such a series of extraordinary events, disappointments, untoward accidents, and various contingencies as fpll out; yet they must all have taken place, or the war would have been long Ance happily terminated, •ad the empire restored to internal tranquility and domeftie union.

Hie should avoid detail as much as possible, but yet he mould remind those who only contemplated the pilhare in one point of view, that m ' rnifters must have fordeen that we should hare met with such a reftftance on the otfher Ade of the Atlantic as we had; that the contagion fbppld have fpwad Vol. III. 41 > ail

57

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

all over the North American continent; that onr progrefe nnd fuccelfes would bear no proportion to our fair and probable expectations; that France, and afterwards Spain, would confederate themselves with our rebellious subjects, contrary to every principle of lound policy, public good faith, and repeated affuranees of friendship : in short, a foreknowledge of every disaster, every untoward event, every unnatural and unprovoked act of public or domestic perfidy, mail be proved, however improbable or impossible, before either ministers or their friends, or the supporters of the American mcalures, could be fairly accused of being the real authors of our present misfortunes.

The honourable. gentleman who made the motion, with that flow of language, he would say, with that impetuous tide of almost irresistible eloquence, so familiar to him, said, that America was loft, irrecoverably loft, and that we were now clearly drove to the necessity of accepting from the hands of our rebellious subjects, peace upon any terms they might choose to dictate. The honourable gentleman, bendes his general arguments produced a Gazette, containing Lord Cornwallis’s last dispatches, relative to the affair at Guildford court - house. He must confess he was by no m ans convinced of the justice of the honourable gentleman’s comments, nor of the truth of his deductions. He was not a military man, and should therefore speak with all possible caution and diffidence upon a subject so totally foreign to his habits of life and to his pursuits, but, if he were to speak according to his judgment, ill - informed \a$ he was, he should still consider the affair at Guildford a victory, as well respecting the action itself as the consequences. What were they ? but that after giving the reliefs a complete overthrow, his Lordship finding himself in a bar - ten or exhausted country, was obliged to desist from following up the blow he had given, on account of the hazard of encountering a much more formidable enemy than those of - posed to him in arms, namely, famine, arising from a. want of all the necesfaries of life. That the action had produced the advantages which were the concomitants of victory, no better proof need be required, than that Greene’s force was 1o much weakened that he was not able to reach Camden titne enough to have a decided Superiority over Lord Rawdon, in conle - quence of which his Lordship had taken him unawares, and by that sudden unexpected attack had defeated him a second time. He did not pretend to judge how far it was prudent in Lord Cornwallis to abandon his baggage, and trust to contingent supplies in the course of his future operations;

but

A. 1781 DEB A T E. 6. *

but this fie was competent. to say, that it was a most gallant attempt, and displayed a zeal and spirit which justly intitled him to the thanks and gratitude of his country, and reflelted the highest honour upon him as an officer.

He was pleased, at all times, to hear young members stand up in that House and deliver their sentiments upon subjects of importance. He had many opportunities of being pleased that night. It had done the greatest credit to those candidates for public approbation, and displayed an attention to their duty, and the obligations they owed to their constituents and the nation at large, which did them infinite honour. Among others, the honourable gentleman who spoke last claimed his particular approbation. He was unwilling to say to that honourable gentleman’s face, what truth would exalt from him were fie absent; but even then, however unusual it might be, he found himself impelled to rejoice in the good fortune of this country, and his fellow subjects, who were destined, on some future day, to derive the most important services fronj so happy an union of jthe first rate abilities, high integrity, a bold and honest independency of conduit, and the most perfuajive eloquence; but notwith - fjanding that he was ready to bestow on him the fullest commendations, he thought it his duty to differ with him both tefpefting a matter of salt and ppipiop.

He could not think that the American war was unjust, neither was it conceived in folly. The latter might be a matter, of mere opinion; but upon the fortper he was competent to judge from what had palfed in fyis own mind, and He presumed that many gentlemen, or a majority of that House, alted from motives equally pure and justifiable. The honourable gentleman had ipoken of a noble gelation of his {Lord Chatham ] whom be represented as averle from the American war; for his pArt he was not in this country, fb as from residence to be acquainted with the governing politics of the nation; but this he could aver from his own knowledge, or upon the evidcce of his own hearing, that the noble Lord, so for as his sentiments might be supposed applicable to the prefen. t question, held sentiments extremely different to the arguments urged in support of the present motion. The present motion, if he understood its scope and tendency, was this, though not expressly avowed : Make peace with America upon any terms, which were the fame thing as desiring nainifters to subscribe to whatever terms the state of America might think proper to dilUte. After that was granted, he believed it would be very unpccessary to en - 4D2 ter

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ter into proofs that the basis of any treaty to be made under the sanction of the present vote would be independency. Thi was the matter on which he meant, in point of fact, to particularly meet the honourable gentleman.

The honourable gentleman declared himself to be for the present proposed vote, which was to end in independency. Then he diametrically differed upon this subject from his noble relation; for he well recollected that that great man, the very day he felt the stroke of death, bursting with indignation at the mod distant idea of declaring America independent, poured out his exhausted vitals in execrating those ministers, or others, who would dare to parcel out, or vote away the British empire; despoil the British Parliament of its inalienable rights, and rob the present royal family of its patrimonial inheritance. These were almost the last words that upright minister and confommate statrfman ever uttered. He was a man, from his earliest youth, he had been always taught to lo6k up to with reverence and admiration before he had seen irn. Since then, every opportunity he had of feeding acquainted with him in his senatorial character, the more it confirmed him in his early impressions, and he was no left great in his last awefu ! exit than in the most splendid actions of his political life. He held the language of a patriot and found statesman, and the capacioufness of his foul was only equalled by the integrity of his mind and the goodOcfs of his heart. There‘was a quickncfs of conception, a warmth of imagination, and a tone and firmness of mind, which was worthy of imitation. He saw his object at a distance, he Was unceasing in his endeavours to obtain it, and he could not give a better or more seasonable advice to his noble friend near him, the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, if he expected t6 arrive at the character of a, great minister, than to Andy with care and attention that of the deceased noble Lord.

He was aware that the honourable gentleman, Who made the motion, would say, that he had dilclarimed all intention of rendering America independent, in opening his motion; and that consequently the subject was clearly ihot otrtof the present debate; but he prefomed he had fuflictcmly shewn, that it was only travelling a different way to the fame object; for, most certainly, every gentleman who heard what he had urged on the subject would agree with him, that the present vote would oblige ministers to make peace upon any terms, which terms would be no other but independency.

A right honourable gentleman on the floor [ Mt. Rigby ] had laid, that he wished to get rid of the American war : so \ did

573

A. 1781. DEBATES.

did he. The honourable gentleman who made the motion, at he had frequently observed, puihed the matter much far ther; but he wished gentlemen to recoiled, how the line could be safely drawn, or at what particular spot could ' Great Britain flop ! Were the people of this country willing to give of their West India Hlands ? No; such an idea would not be endured : Were they ready to abandon their own dominions in America, the pofteihon of which was not dtfputed }

Not that neither. Or were they even prepared to vote away such part of the thirteen provinces as were reconciled and happy under the British government ? As loud a negative would probably be given to that as to either of the foregoing.

Where then was the line to be drawn ? Yet, if the preterit motion \vnto go, it was impossible to say to what the claims of America would be confined; and, perhaps, if they were declared independent to - morrow, we mould find ourftlver as far from real peafee as we were at the instant he was lpeaking.

He then entered into the impropriety of interfering in the txercrfcef the executive power, whion had been repeatedly dWcutled in the course of the evening; and lat down with teflifying his full dilfent to the motion made by the honourable gentleman.

Low ! Maitland rose in reply to the last speaker. He laid Lord -

he could bever remain silent when such doctrines as those ad - vanced by the noble Lord were maintained in that Houl ' c. A noble Lord who ! poke early ( Lord Wcftcote ) an honourable gentleman ( Mr. Adam ) and the learned Lord who spoke the lafft, had severally asserted, though in a different manner, that that Housewas not competent to inquire info the exer - eife of the executive power, and controul his Majesty’s fer - vaots in the admtnistration of government. The fiift contended more dirofUy that a ny interference of that House, would he positive violation of the constitution, and an usurp - ation of the rights of the crown. The honourable gentleman did not venture to gb that letgth; hut in part acknowledging the right of parliamentary interference or controul, arguing upon the policy or expediency, said, that whenever Parliament had interfered, it had always bee nr a trended with bad consequences. The Learned Lord denied that ever any such interference had happened, and defended the propriety of this presumed rule, because he laid ministers as being en - trofted with the exercise of the executive power, were ultimately responsible for the measures they recommended, and for the means they had adopted for carrying them into execution : mdhort, whatever form this species ef argument was 1 made

574

Lord Dun -

caen : a.

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

made to assume by the respective speakers, the conclusion was substantially the iame, that Parliament had no right, or bavr inga right, that they never exercised it; or, when they did, that it always proved injurious to the public welfare.

That Parliament had such a right, that they had exercised it; and that it was a right of the very essence of the con ( li « tution, was, he believed, inconteflibly true; for if there, was no constitutional check or contrpul upon the executive power, but that according to the forms of the constitotion, the Crown could ddclare war, make peace, and enter into treaties and compa&s either with foreign powers or a part of our own subjects, without aontroul or advice; then the maxim which fays, that the executive is subordinate to the lcgiilative power, would be exa£lly reversed; for the executive, and not the lcgiilative, would be the fvipreme power.

But taking the learned Lord’s argument fairly, what was it ? but that there might be such a power veiled in Parliar mcnr, and that as it never had, so it ought never hereafter to be exercised, because minillers were ultimately responsibU to Parliament for their measures and the execution of them.

He was persuaded that the Itarued Lord could not feriouBy mean what he seemed to maintain so very warmly; for it would amount to this, that Parliament had the right; but that they should forego the exercise of it, at the very moment only in which any national good could be expected from it; namely, when the folly, inability, and obstinacy of ministers had invited national destruction; when they appeared to be ultimately determined to persist in the fame ruinous measures which had produced our present national calamities; and finally, when they were running forward in order to precipitate our fate. No, no, said the learned Lord, let ministers go on; when they have totally ruined us, then will be the time for Parliament to call them to account.

His Lordship, after endeavouring to expose the absurdity, fallaciousness, and sophistry of such a llile of argument, entered pretty fully into the debate, and after reprobating the American war in all its parts, and describing its authors no leis inimical to the liberties of Great Britain than America, concluded his speech with testifying his warmed and rood un - reserved approbation of the motion made by his honourable friend.

Lord Duncannon supported. the motion warmly; he contended that the Americans had taken up arms in their own defence; and be the issue what it might, the evil adviser >, who had imposed upon their Sovefeign, Parliament, and the

nation,

• 57

A. 1781. DEBATES.

nation, ought to be deemed solely responsible for the confe - fences, and he made no doubt would be made so.

He made Tome farther spirited observations on matters which had come from the opposite benches; but the House grew so disorderly that we could not distinctly hear his Lord - ship; he said he heartily approved of the motion made by his honourable friend.

The opposite benches growing extremely vociferous, and calling out loudly for the question ! the question ! Mr. Fox presenting himself to reply, it was some minutes before the Speaker could reftofe order; at length order being enforced fTom the chair,

Mr. Fox proceeded. He began with returning thanks toMr. F « - the House for the disposition they shewed to indulge him with a few words by way of reply, or rather for the purpose of giving a few explanations respecting some very plausible objections which had been raised against two or three of his strongest arguments. He was the more obliged to the House for this indulgence, because, according to the ftri& rules of parliamentary order, he was not entitled to rife a second time to speak to the fame question; feeling, therefore, the obligation which he owed the House, he should repay it in the only way it was in his power to repay it, that was by being as brief as possible, and not adding a syllable, which did not seem to him to be necessary for the illustration of his former arguments, or in such instances as he had been misunderstood, or his sentiments misrepresented.. v

After this exordium, he said it was his duty, as it was that of every individual in that afiembly, who called upon the representatives of the people to ' unite in opinion with him upon a particular measure of policy or legislation, to do every thing in his power to shew that the xnealure so proposed was a wife and salutary one, and that the objections made to it were either frivolous or unfounded; under this call he now Tofe, and entreated a candid and patient bearing. The noble Lord at the head of the American department had re - course to a very extraordinary and novel species of logic, to prove that he was not mistaken in his expectations respecting the loyalty of the inhabitants of North Carolina : his Lord - ship said, that Lord Cornwallis was mistaken as well as he, which amounted to this; m every given situation that could be supposed or imagined, that a person being originally wrong, as soon as another person happens to coincide with him in opinion, from that instant he becomes right and for

what

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

what roafon ? the noble Lord himself has told you : the noble Lord himself was wrong. Lord Corpwallis helped to confirm him in his rotfUkei, and of course they are each fepa - rarely rights because lx > th are in the wrong.

But not wishing to catch at words, instead of realities; what are the true grounds fays Mr. Fox, on which the noble Lord maintains that the North Carolinians are loyal t - His Lordship fays, General Green has been obliged to draw the subsistence of his array from the neighbouring provinces; the people of Carolina would not supply him no more than Lord Cornwallis; that is, a great majority of the inhabitants of North Carolina wish well to government, and abhor the tyranny of the Congreft; and how do they return the obligations they owe to the royal army ? Why, they refuse all kind of aid or afitftance to their saviours and proteflors, and treat those who eofttc to release them from the bonds of tyranny exactly as they do their tyrants and oppreftbrs, by refuting all aider fuccourwhatever.

O ! fays die noble Lord, that is not the case; the loyal inhabitants would do other wise if they could do it with fete - ty. They made one attempt, but it mifearried; and those who made it were sacrificed to the resentments of their enraged brethren. Surely he was in a dream, or the noble Lord did not mean to be serious, when he said, that so great and able a general as Lord Cornwallis confessedly was, in the heart of a loyal and friendly country, and ' at the head of a victorious army, were the good dispofitiofi of the inhabitants and their eagerness to repair to the royal standard as true as it had been confidently asserted, would abandon the port. Surely the noble Lord at the head of the American department would not gravely assert, that under fveh circumstances it was possible that Lord Cornwallis could have rclin - quished all hopes of improving the advantages he had obtained, without at the same time intin uating the fevered libel upon the military conduct of the noble commander. He was in his foul convinced of the contrary; he was persuaded the noble Lord at the head of the Southern American army was beyond the reach of any such intidious intinuation, if any such Was intended. The truth was, his Lord ship met no friends when weighed in the opposite i ' cale again# his numerous enemies, and after doing all that an officer in his fit ran anion could do, he was obliged to abandon all hopes of fuc - qefa, because, Liitc every other officer, he bad been deceived on two grounds : be had been cheated in the fu£ instance *

« and

( ^.

iL 1781. DEBATES.

and made to believe that he was to have had twice, ' if not fhrice the force which be really had; and equally cheated by faife insinuations from hence, that he would be received with Open arms by an host of friends, warmly and zealously attached to the cause which be came to maintain, instead of being publicly annoyed, or secretly betrayed or circumvented by an host of inveterate enemies,

Before he proceeded farther into personal or particular explanation, he would beg leave to make an observation or two < ipoo a principle which pervaded the present debate, as well os all others which related to the American war in that House. It was said, and said too with great confidence, and it came from quarters which proved its meaning to be the current opinions which prevailed in another place : It is not fit laid several gentlemen, though it be even competent, for Parliament to interfere in the exercise of those powers which the Constitution has devolved on the Crown, and the Crown as a matter of course has delegated to its servants, to disturb the deliberate chimeras or dreams of ministers; for be the consequence what they may, ministers must be ultimately respen$ble. The argument, he confessed, if not a good one j was at least plausible; it carried with it, it was true, a principle of eventual ruin to the state, because it might be pulhe4 / to a possible, he feared even to a probable case, in which itiinifterial responsibility, as had been observed by his noble friend [ Lord Maitland J would be a farce—but talcing up the idea, and accepting of it in the very manner in which it was intended to be pressed on the understanding of the House it was his duty, pledged as he then stood, to detett and expose the paltry sophistry which lay lurking under it.

There were two constant objects which principally fixed the attention of that ftde of the House on which he had the honour to fit; the one, the maintenance of the supreme rights of the legislature, to direct, propound, and finally determine, on what ought or ought not to be afierted or conceded, in respect of the rights or claims of this country over America. This inherent right was never proses - fedty controverted in that House by theboldeftor most implicit ministerialift; but this night, for the first time, he beard the principle denied, or which was the fame thing, endeavoured to he set aside. The general principle of ministerial responsibility Was opposed to the right of Parliament to interfere Hitherto he had constantly heard, that this was a Pal i amen - rary war, a legislative war, a waf not to extend or ’ increase the power or prerogative of the Crown 5 no, but a war speci - Vol. III. 4 E ally

i

578

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

ally inderraJqrn to vindicate the fopremacy of Parliament and its legislative superin tendance and controul over tvery part of the British empire; —but. to - day it, has been represent - cd as a ministerial war, in the controul of which Parliament have not the left pretence, to interfere, nor to offer their advice, unless they are determined to violate the confutation, and usurp the the exercise of the executive power.

This Was the Uniform language held by those who maintained the propriety, the necessity, and expediency of the American war till this evening; when, for the first time, be heard that the war was no longer a Parliamentary war, but a ministerial one. Parliament have no constitutional right to interfere, say some; they ought not to imerfere, say others; because the hands of the King’s servants will be so tied up that they will be deprived of improving those opportunities of advancing the imerefts of the country, which they might be able to improve to the benefit of the nation, if left at liberty to act according to the various contingencies and circumstances which may arise in the course of future negociation.

Here then were the most palpable and gross contradr&ions; if ministers were intreated to make peace; no, said they, that cannot be; the American war is a parliamentary or le - giflative war; the Crown has no immediate or particular interest in the prosecution of it; Parliament alone are respon - fible : but as soon as a proposition is made, calling upon Parliament to interfere; no, again, say the very fame men, Parliament have no right to interfere, or, if they had, would it be politic or prudent for them so to do.

After he had stated in the most pointed manner the con - tradi&ary language held by ministers, as it suited their present purpose, he proceded to give specific answers to such gentlemen as had undertaken to controvert the grounds and propriety of his motion.

A right honourable gentleman on the floor, who had no - noured him with the name of friend [ Mr. Rigby ] had paid him compliments which he was not so vain or foolish as to think were well founded. He felt no consciousnels that rthe right honourable gentleman’s eulogies were fitly applied wherever his own coijdu£t furnished the subject; but nappy as he was in the good opinion and friendship of the vight honourable gentleman, he sincerely wished that he had forborne that part of his speech altogether, for he never, as a testimony of kindness or good will, accepted what came ac - I companied

iv. DEBATE S *

com pan ted ' with indiscriminate censures upost those whom he held most dear, or with whom he was mod intimately con - fle&ly.

• "The right honourable gentleman fays that every administration since the accession of his present Majesty, let them cfifegree upon what other points they might, were at least unanimous in one, that of taxing and coercing America. The right honourable gentleman in the warmth of political zeal, and trusting with the moll unbounded confidence in the fidelity of his memory, asserts that the administration, who passed the Stamp Act, supported the principle on which the American war was carried on : that the real political arrangement under the auspices of a noble Marquis, a member of the other House, supported the fame principle, when, by repealing the Stamp Act, they afierted the unconditional right and dominion of this country over America by passing the declaratory law. The next Administration is charged by the right honourable gentleman with following the fame track which bad been traced out by their predeceftbrs in office; and ajuftly distiriguished and celebrated statefinan, some time deceased, and a noble Duke [ Earl Chatham, and the Duke of Grafton ] who successively directed his Majesty’s councils, are specially pointed out by the right honourable gentleman, as being the promoters of the Port Duty Bill, and fending troops to Boston to inforce the legal execution of that law. They. are represended as treading in the footftej > 9 of the two proceeding ad mini fixations, so as to prove the right honourable gentleman’s assertion to the unlimited extent in which he would have it credited; that every administation, and every man of every party in a public situation, had pledged themselves to the Support and maintenance of the American war.

The right honourable gentleman, not contented with general assertions, had pulned the charge skill farther, down to the actual commencement of hostilities, and to events of even a later date; and as a farther confirmation of what he has said on the subject, has described the American war to have been in its origin and progress a most popular war ? Before I proceed to controvert the honourable gentleman’s conclusions, feeling as 1 da, 1 find myself compelled, from a just and well - founded resentment, to vindicate the character of some persons, whom the right honourable gentleman has thought proper to load with ill - founded aspersions, in the observations he. has made in this part of his speech.

4 E 2 The

5S0

thus : €tSurely, if the American war be wicked, ruinous, unjust, and bloody; if it was planned with folly, prosecuted : with - cruelty, and ultimately tends to national destruction; the several persons thus described, having maintained thd principle on which the war was commenced, and approved Of the measures which actually produced it, were equally - Unjust and cruel, and blinded with the fame spirit of perfe - cution, as those to whose lot it had fallen to carry the measures into execution which brought on this execrable war. 91

I will meet the right honourable gentleman on his own conclusion; I am ready to join issue with him on the merits, and allow that all he has said and iniinuated is strictly confo pant to truth; that they would be wicked add cruel, if they had either promoted or approved of such a war : but I do aver, that the charge is not founded in fall, but dirtftly repugnant to fair, even to colourable conclusions; Jand, high and ' powerfully supported as that honourable gentleman stands in this House and out of it I would recommend to him to be tnore temperate in his language when he makes such pofittve. charges, and draws such severe condafions against some of the greatest and moftrefpestable characters in this country. 1 am ready to declare my opinion of the right honourable gentleman’s integrity and abilities; 1 am willing to give full credit to his aftertions declarative of the motives on which he acted; 1 thank him for his very favourable, but unmerited sentiments respecting so iniignificant a person as I am, whom he has thought fit to exalt into a degree of consequence to Which I am by no means entitled; but while in the midst ef this shew of kindness I hear my dearest friends and coo flexions directly or itidireftly charged ( with what I think the worst and blackest of crimes ) as the authors of a system, or the supporters bf measures which led to, and produced the American war, I cannot accept of any appearances of friendship Upon such terms; nor can I fit silent without profefttflg toy utmost disapprobation of aftertions every way so ill founded, and arguments so fophistical and fallacious.

I am ready to appeal to every impartial person in thie House, whether there is not an immenie difference between a speculative aftertion of a right, and the enforcing that right with die point of the bayonet ) I would appell to chose who hear riie, whether there be ahy fitailitude between regulations of commerce and actual taxes ? But I shall avoid entering into particulars at fb late an hour, and only refer to

the

4+tjSi. DEBATES;

the co&duCl of the noble Loud in the blue ribbon, and the noble Lofd near him at the head of the American department ' What was the language of the former ? " We mult add will have a revenue from America; not a pepper - corn, merely to maintain an ideal and unprofitable right; but a clear, substanttal, and productive revenue. " \yhat was the language of the latter} 11 Not to liflcn to any terms short of unconditional submission. " What was the purport of the nobfe Lord’s conciliatory proportions but to tax the colonies by proxy ? that is, the colonics to tax themselves, and the produce to be transmitted home to Great Britain, to be at the disposal of the British Parliament. What again was the coodu& of the people of America ? why they refilled it as one man, from one end of the North American continent to the other. The Colonies refilled both principles equally; they refilled taxation in one inllance, and foreign, legislation in the other; they determined, una to legislate for and tax themselves.

After explaining himself very fully, in order to shew that none of the great and respectable names nor their friends, went the length of - actual taxation or legislation in any infiance, but lo far as the latter might have reference to commercial regulation and mutual benefit, he spoke of his own and his friends conduit relative to the passing - of the Bollon Port Bill.

- ' The right honourable gentleman fays, that the Bollon Port Bill passed without a division, without a debate, or any. kind of opposition whatever. He has Hated this circum - fiaace, to shew that the mcaforea which immediately pro - < hx d the ' American war met with the approbation of all patties; but the honourable gentleman’s argument upon the presumed fifis is. as fallacious ' as the fa£l itself is ill founded. The Boston Port BUI was opposed in several of its. singes; —I opposed it myself, said Mr. Fox, and there are. many gentlemen within ray hearing who also very flrenu -. ously opposed iu The right honourable gentleman avers, that it was not opposed in either House of Parliament.. Though it may not be quite regular to take notice of what, passed do that occasion in the other House, I am warranted, m answering an argument supported upon Ibch ground; and I am warranted to do this upon equal authority; for I know thote was an oppoficion made to die Bollon Port Bill in the other House as well as in thk; but 1 will explain to the honorable gentleman what he seems to have forgotten, for I am ndt to presume that he purposely omitted it.

The

. PARLIAMENTARY A. 178 i.

The reason why there was not so strenuous and regular an opposition to that measure, and that no di ' vision ensued, was this : —The riot in Boston and the destruction of the tea was represented by ministers as a partial riftngj, confined to that town alone, and not countenanced by any peri ' ons of property even there; and highly disapproved of by the leading people in the Province of Maftachuftfts Bay, and reprobated throughout all the other Colonies, Such being the presumed fa£ls, as stated by those who recommended the measure; with what request did they come to Parliament That, as it was but a local insurrection, or rather popular tumult, which arose among the very dregs of the people, the bill would as soon as known have the effect of restoring peace, good order, and legal government; and fhotrld it prove otherwise, a regiment or two then under orders to re - pair thither would immediately, without farther trouble or any effufioo of blood, force the townsmen into an obedience to the laws. As the language of the day was, the sword and the olive branch would be presented, and offenders would be left to {heir option.

This, I am free to contend, was the true state of that trnnfaction; but at the time, I defy the right honourable gentleman to say, that it was so much as hinted by any person in a responsible situation, that the Parliament of Great Britain had any intention of enforcing any claims of univer - ial taxation, unlimited legislation, or unconditional fobrnif ( ion.

The right honourable gentleman, and several others who have spoken iince, particularly the learned Lord who spoke lately ( Lord Advocate of Scotland ) have made, what they deem to think, a most important discovtry, 1 that 1 have declined to move a vote, declaring the American colonies in re - liftance independent; though, say they, my motion goes precisely to the fame point. If this is meant to hold out to the House, that while I profess one thing I mean another, nothing, I dp allure you, Sir, can be more unfounded; for to be very plain, had not I other reasons but such as might militate against the mere naked question of declaring America independent, I should not hesitate a single moment upon what was proper to be done; for, thinking as I do, that America is loft, irrecoverably loft to this country, we could lose nothing by a vote declaring America independent; but I had even more than one reafoft : the first and most pressing motive on my mind was, that I did not choose to go the foil

length

A « i Sj D £ fi A T /£ Sf

length of what I feared, we must, in the end, be obliged tb content. to; what I know we muff, without reserve, consent to—to declare America independent; because such a declaration, on our part, being an. ultimatum, might beget dill higher pretensions in the minds of the people of America on their own account. The other, that although we should hold out an offer of independence, we are not so fully and perfe£Uy acquainted with the connexion between France and America as to say, whether the point of independence being once gained, France would not improve that circum - itance to her own partial advantage, and on that ground urge farther claims, to comply with which both the intered and honour of this country must be sacrificed.

As to the mere single proportion, whether America might with propriety be declared independent, abstracted from other considerations, it is perfectly ridiculous to debate about it in this House this evening. America, as the right honourable gentleman has confessed,. is already independent; and, as he well observed, ought to be considered, in one light, as a public enemy, f mod heartily ’ agree with the right honourable gentleman, that she is independent : I may possibly disagree with him, when 1 affirm again, that she will and ixiuff be independent.

It is, however, impossible to say, with any degree of confidence or precifioq, to what extent or effect the other evils the honourable gentleman predi&s may be averted; such as the safety of our West - India islands, &c. but this I am in iny own mind authorised to say, were it not that conciliatory, healing, and friendly negociation, may. effedf much in preventing the bad consequences which a vofg, declaring America independent, might be productive of hereafter, I should, instead of making the motion i have done, dire£Uy have moved, that the American dates be declared independent.

The honourable gentleman who spoke later ( Mr. Adam ) opposes the present motion upon what appears to me novel ground. The honourable gentleman fays, or at lead he is pleased to suppose, that very few indances have ever happened in which the legislature interfered, or offered to con - troul the executive power; and the only indance which he seems to have any knowledge of, or has thought fit to date, he fays, proved injurious to the date. That it was not the only indance, I shall prove by - and - by; that it had the effect imputed to it, wants much better and more relative proof than that adduced by the honourable gentleman. The

honourable

5 4

PARLIAMENTARY

honourable gendeman has deemed it proper to state certain falls relative to the interference of Parliament in the reign of King William, respelling the conduit of the affiurs of Ireland. He imagines the affairs of Ireland went wrong, oa account of the interference of Parliament. He carries his imagination {till farther, by saying, that this interference retarded the rcdjuction and lettlement of that kingdom, and as a consequcnca of the evil effells of parliamentary interference, he is pie lied to conclude, that as ( oon as it ceased, so soon the affairs of Ireland began to wear a better aspect, and at length were happily and efre&ually terminated. This appears to me a, ft ring df luppositions from the beginning to the end. No proof; nothing more than mere assertion is offered in support of either the presumed falls or ideal con - icquc. nces; and when, with infinite reluHance, I find my - lclt compelled to meet such an argument, if it may be called one; I feel myself urged to meet it in the only way in which it can be met, that of doubting or controverting the falls, and of course denying the condufions.

I should, however, observehere, that the honourable gen tleman, and the learned Lord ( Advocate of Scotland ) totally differ upon this point. The noble Lord affirms, without re - serve, that Parliament have never interfered. The honourable gentleman ( Mr. Adam ) acknowledges, that there had been one instance in wrtiich Parliament had inteffered; but it had mifearried. To the honourable gentleman I answer, ! that the public diiappointment did not a rife from the interference of Parliament; and that there were many instances upon record where Parliament interfered, besides that which he mentioned. And to the learned Lord, that it had not been an unufuiu or accidental interference, but originated from the very frame and nature of the constitution itself. "When the learned Lord, in particular, asserted with so much confidence, that there had been no one instance in which the legislaturc expressly interfered between the state and the King’s servants, or offered to controul, or give general or specific directions, ' I must own, after what the honourable gentleman, to whose speech I am immediately alluding, had asserted, I was much surprized; because, in the first place, the honourable gentleman had furnished one example of the contrary; because the History of England, ibmetimes with very good effect, and from the best motives, gives frequent instances that such a controul had been exer - eifed by Parliament; and, secondJy, out of the numerous

examples

I

A. 1781. t > E B A E‘$.

exatnpk which might he quoted, the condo ft of Parliamen in the course of the succession war during the reign of Qucch Anfte, furftished a case exactly in poinr. At that time, as Jnow, there were two powerful parties, in the nation; one that thought it better to let the Duke of Anjou mount the Spanish throne under the will of the late Spanish Monarch, than [ piurige the; nation into a war, or perfevefe in it when commenced; the other, who thought that the liberties of Europe depended upon prevfcniirtg at all rifqucs the Spanish monarchy from being possessed by one of the children or branches of the House of Bourbon, in the person of the then competitor for the crown of Spain. ‘ But fee how cxa£Hy both ' c f$stallied. I mean the prevailing politics of that day, compared with the proposed effect of the present motion# TTIie Parliament of that day said, no peace with Lewis XIV. \mless the Duke of Anjou relinquish his pretensions to the Spanish monarchy, or, as it was then technically expressed, no peace with France while Spain continues in the pollession of one of the branches of the House of Bourbon.

I say, in exact conformity to that parliamentary vote, let his Majesty be addressed by this House to give instructions to his jniniflers to make peace with America.

The learned Lord ever the way, whom I always hear with ffe much pleasure, particularly when he seems to ne at all acquainted wish his flibjc£V, has been the source of great entertainment this evening, and in nothing more than i‘n hik snaking a public conftfiion of his political tenets, or what lie has been pleased to stile his political cretd or confession of faith;. I always listen to whatever falls from thfc learned L, ord with that degree of attention that is justly due to it; f > ut when political creeds come from that fide of the House,

I confess I am much better pleased to hear them come from perfoYis acting in responsible situations; otherwise they are mere idle, floating opinions of individuals, who, however tcfpedable the persons may be that deliver them, can live But for the moment, and are by no means binding in future tior in fast have any real reference, even to the existing measures at the time.

The learned Lord has, however, with a candour which is natural to him, and with a senatorial spirit 6f indeperidence Which does him infinite honour, told the House, that he dif - tfain$ tawalk in minifierial tramrhels, eVen 1ft the harness of his noble friend, the noble Lord in the ribbon. H£ fays that he never could have thought df enteriftg iftto a Voi ., III. 4 F treaty

PARLIAMENTARY f A. 17SK

treaty with our Rebellious subjects so long as they continued to refill the claims of this country with arms in their hands. He was for no treaty; no concessions; he would hear of no term ^; and was refol. ved never to concede upon any intermediate negociation. Unhappily for this nation, it seems the learned Lord had then formed no connexions on this fide of the Tweed, His Lordship was then no more than an individual, equally friendly or inimical to the noble Lord in the blue ribbon and ministers, and to their opponents. He had then, I say, no influence with the minifier arising from personal intimacy, and the confidence which generally accompanies itr $0 far from it, that the learned Lord honestly avows, that among all the friends of government in this House, he only, and an honourable gentleman whom I dp not fee in his place [ Mr. Ellis ] had the public virtue to differ from the minifier on the policy of his conciliatory pro position; apd they only had the political foresight, to look forward to the consequences, which this mistaken measurp would ultimately produce. The learned Lord, pursuing his fixed line of cpnduX, honestly copfelTes, he voted for every question respecting the American war; and for the mofl vL gorous exertions. He fays farther, that he neyer conceived a second opinion on the subjex; and that if the whole ground was to be trod over again, he would pursue the fame line of conduX, flep by flep. Taxation and legifjatiop over the colonies were the great objects he proposed at the outset to obtain, and in the true spiritof ( leadiness, he had never swerved. but had ftriXly pqrfued the paths which he had previousjy chalked out to himself,

I am well persuaded of the learned Lord’s great abilities; I am equally convinced of his integrity; and, give ipe leave to say, that I am generally aflonished at the corrcXness of Jiis memory. But, great as his talents confefiTedly are, un - shaken as his integrity, and wonderful as his memory may J > e, I rpufl doubt of the truth of the history the learned Lord has given of his own political life, his fieadiness, and his other public virtues, in the shape in which he has though; fit to bring them forward.

The learned L ° fd said, and I impute the aflertiop solely to a failure of memory, that he never differed with the roir pifter but in the instance already mentioned. Now, if I atq > vrong, the learned Lord, I dare say, will set me right : but I think I may say, nay, I may with confidence affirm, that the learned Lord, lb far from continuing 10 support the prin -

L.

I

A. 178 t. t > E B A T E Si 58

dple of taxation and legislation, unconditionally, anri witfc - out jcferve, was one of the first persons, after the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, who supported the bills [ in the spring 1778 ], declaring, that the people of America should never1 be taxed by the British Parliament; that not a shilling should be drawn from that country by way of revenue, nor a fhiiling raised there should be disposeable, in any ' shape, or 1 under any pretext, by a British PaiTiament that the Colonies henceforward should be their own legislators; and after having thrown away the lives of fifty thousand brave citizens and spent fifty millions of money, that all our claims over '

America should be relinquished, and a mere nominal fove - rcignty, or ideal, unprofitable connection, be substituted in lieu of those substantial and high - founding pretentions, so ably stated by the learned Lord.

I do not say I have ( he moil retentive memory in the world, and I believe I have not the worst. The learned Lord will,

I dare say, direct me to the right path, should I deviate from it. TJnder this expectation and correction, I believe I may venture to remind the noble. Lord of his exculpatory apology when I once before mentioned this as a proof of his want of memory, at least, of his want of consistency. I hope, however, that the learned Lord will ever remember it, after this night, and not again relapse into the same state of total for - etfulness. His Lordship’s answer was, that the American war ought to be pursued with firmness and vigour till after.

Mr. Burgoyne’s disaster; after that fatal event, the object being no longer attainable, another system of policy had be - - come indispensibly necessary; but if gentlemen will only attend to what fell from the learned Lord in the course of his speech, they will collect, that he has changed his political r

creed for the third time. He was first for coercing America at all events. When all prospect of fucccfs vanished, on account of the capture of the northern army, in 1777, at Saratoga, then he abandoned his system, as no longer practicable; but now, for the third time, after the learned Lord _ has honestly and fairly confessed, that all substantial expectations of, succesa are over, he has returned to his first opinion, ' and that upon worse grounds than he first took it up.

He fays, now peace cannot be made, though there are no hopes even of succeeding, nor ought it to have been made, so long as here were any hopes of succeeding.

The learned Lord ha6 made a very long and moil eloquent •ration on the great abilities and exalted virtues of a it oft consummate

p a H. LJA. ME notary a, ^,

summate statefinan lately deceased [ Lord Chatham. ] Mf.

ybuth and habits of life afforded me very little, opoort nig; of being personally acquainted with that great raiovfter; ' yetL I am sure no man, at any fide of th ? House, reverences the memory of that minister more than Ido : nevetthpless I would be heard, by way of laying in my claim for others, who. perhaps not exactly thinking with the deceased noble Lores in every thing, have yet conferred great obligations on their, country, I, infignincant as I may be, might differ from his Lordship in some things, my friends I ike wile, might do the fame; l am happy, however, ! have it ii iny power to affirm without the rilque of contradi£Uon, that; the deceased Lord’s ideal respecting the commencement and prosecution of the Amer rican war, were directly repugnant to those pursued by the present administration, and so warmly defended by the learned Lord.

' The learned Lord has described the deceased Lord in a pit awful and affecting iituation, not oirc£tly for rjie purposes he first mentioned to employ his name; I mean to prove that his Lordship was a friend of coercion; bu ( t merely, to oppose, his dying opinion, reprobating in the\varmcft tertn. s any ides, of declaring America independent, to the tendency of this, motion. I am Turc that great statesman was sincere, an < might have been right in his opinion then; but is his opinion, in 177S, just when France was entering into the war >, before Spain joined with France, or was followed by Hpl - land; and more than all, before France disputed the empire of the sea, and the American militia were transformed *. ° t{ disciplined into regular troops; before, I say, any of theft, circumstanqes could be known, is it fair ' to quote wprds, which could only. have weight when applied to, matters a they then flood, to another given situatian totally different,

But if the learned Lord is mjftak ix in the deduction ( jo baa attempted to draw From the noble Lord’s spe cb, the day he was struqk with his last illness, I already to Feficyc. that be could not have been in this part of the t kingdom it the time he dates, otherwise he rhqjl have. kqovyn that Loi ph ibapi, so far from approving of the American war, repcpolted jt in the strongest manner possible in Par ( lament .; and before a ( ingle life had been loft > or a drop of htpbd jfnpd/mjAmerigv made two motions; one by way of bill, for qualifying the Tights of both countries; the other by way of morion, for immediately withdrawing the troops from. the town of Boston.

Tbcfc

1

A. ? 8it

D B B A T E Si

. These : wpre Ms opinions before a font had been fired, oq, either fide and it. would be a. very n cdless and idle tafle tof go into an e numeral ion of the several patriotic and noble, ffrugglcs he made from time to timeeven the last feffioo. he preached peace to ministers, in order to arrest their u#i - skilful hands, and flop them in the mad career of blood andr daughter in which they had involved, the whole Bri tifheim *; pi re from one corner to the other,

. He entered into a variety of explanations elucidatory of this part of his. speech, and again proceeded in reply.

The noble Lord who fpohe second [ Lord Westcate ] had called tl e American war an holy war. The application of the, word holy to the present waft may have appeared newr. to, every gentleman present hyt - nayfidf. It is not new to me and I will tell the Hoyfe why it is nqt. I was over iaParia. just at the eve of this very war; and Dr. Franklyn honoured; rue. with his intimacy/ 1 remember - one day conversing with him on the subject, and predicting the fatal consequences he compared the principle of the‘war, and its probable effectsj to the ancient crusades. Htf foretold, that our befl blood and one treafiorc would be fouandered at d thrown away ty no mwacrof purpose; that like the holy war, whil ea ied ruia, and destruction into, America, we should in povcriQ& and ( depopulate Britain; and while we went thither, uyder : the pretence of conferring, temporal, not ghostly bsnefoft upon the vanqpished, our concealed purppfc was to destroy epflaye, or oppress, as itpromttfed best o. answer our ends; while, Irke the pretended martyrs, or z alpts, in ancientr times, we concealed, under this fair femblaoce, every. vice, andpaiion whith constituted human depravity vA human, turpitude avarice, revenge, ambition, and baije as well ajs, impotent resentment.

But if that was rthe opinion. of that great philpfopher > ia : 1 76, bow much Wronger would thecomparifon holdatprc - salt ? Like the Crusaders in the holy war, who went to fight, foe the; sepulchre of oi ) r Saviour, and to possess Palcff me, in order, to have the honour of guarding the fepulchrc, though, the body had been translat d to another place for many cenn, torie&; the present ministers, treading in the foptfteps of those. bloody and Tenfeleis. zealots. Hill continued to contend focr the possession of an empty sepulchre; they had relinqip filed; taction, they had given up iegiflation; they had even offered to pay the debts of the Americans; and instead of giving

theta

PARLIAMENTARY, A. 1781,

them laws, of receiving laws from them; but yet this holy; lhnd was to be made the scene of an holy war; because at a former period they told Parliament and the nation, that tfyey would tax and make laws for America.

I beg pardon, Sir; I trust to the indulgence of the House.

I have not a fyliable more to add, but to return my grateful thanks for the favour tohich has been shewn me. I did not hear a word said against my motion, but that it would lead to American independence; all therefore I have to say is, to answer that objection, by taking upon me to predict, that ministers themselves, in the course of six months from this - day, will offer some proportion, linrilarto that which I hare taken the liberty to submit to the House. I know they will,

I know they intend it; under which persuasion, I trust die fate of my question to the fair, impartial, and unprejudiced judgment of the House.

Near twelve o ’ clock at night the House divided on the question. Ayes 99; noes 172.

June 13.

On a motion that the House resolved itself into a committee of ways and means, on the proposed bargain with the Sir George Bank, Sir George Savile rose, and desired before the Speaker SaviU. left the chair, to know from the noble Lord in the blue ribbon, whether his bargain with the directors of the Bank had gone so far, that the House not agreeing to it, would be attended with any material inconvenience; in other words, he said he wished to know, whether the noble Lord only came to Parliament to register his bargain ? If he did, he would thank the noble Lord for candidly saying so, because in that case it would favc much argument, iince it would be idle. to wiafte the time of the House in a long debate upon a matter ', so far decided upon without doors, that it would be a mere mockery of the powers of Parliament to pretend to unsettle it.

hot N#tb - ord North said, the inconvenience of not agreeing to the proportion, might possibly be used as an argument, opposed to other arguments of another fort, but then it would be in the discretion of the House, to determine whether it ought to have weight or not. Certainly he had seen and treated with the directors of the Bank, and the proportion now

brought

Alluding to the offer made by the commissioners, to permit deputies from the provincial allcrublics to fy and vote in the British Parliament.

A. 1781 DEBATES. $$t

Brought forward by the petition already before the committee, was the result of that treaty; but then he was far from meaning to urge, thatbccause he, as an individual, thought the proportion such as Parliament ought to agree to, that therefore Parliament necessarily mud do so. The House would judge for itself, but since he considered the agreeing to it to be a matter convenient to the public, it could not be wondered at if he should recite the not agreeing to it on the grounds of inconvenience.

Sir George Savile said, his question was not answered; Sir Gmp that Parliament was to judge for itself, and that the noble Lord thought the proportion convenient every body knew perfedHy well. What he wanted to come at was, whether really and truly the bargain had gone so far without doors, that inconvenience of so much consequence would arise from Parliament’s disagreeing, that it would overbalance any advantage that could be produced from a bargain, on conditions so different from those stated in the petition on the table.

Lord North said, the only reply he could make wal, that LordJftr/K he would not use it in argument, that the House not agreeing to the bargain, would be injurious either to the public credit or the goqd faith of government.

The Speaker then left the chair, and Mr. Ord took his feat at the table. The petition of tire Bank Directors having % been read,

' Lord Northrofe and said, he would open to the House, the LordM K

yeafons which had induced him to listen to the proportions just read, and which he would speak of in the light of a bargain not concluded, but to be agreed on or not as the committee thought proper. His Lordship, rn a speech of above an hour’s continuance, went into an elaborate history of every renewal of the Bank charter face the institution of the company, and argued at great length to prove that the present proposition was such as would be advantageous to he public, and equal to the expectations, which, every circumstance considered, he thought the public intitled to entertain. The pink, he said, had been established for near ninety years, and had been conducted in all that time with io much wiidom, so much advantage to the nation, and so much credit to itself, he could not imagine there was one man living, who, after the long experience of its utility, would deny that it the dpty of Parliament to cement and strengthen the

Connection

L

P A&LIAMfetf ' TAR ' r A,

eonftfcftion and union betfrten the bahk and the public as much as ptrtlibte.

In the year 1694, thfc company Of the Bank wks first hr fcorporttted. Their charter Was rerfeWed in 1696, it tofat toileted again in the i£th df X illiatn and Mary, a third tiine in ( he 8th year of the relgndf qdecn Anne; and a fotirth time for a considerablfe nuthber df years, a short timfe afterwards; and a fifth time in 1764. His Lordship particularly stated the advantages gained by the public in each re - nfefral; all of which, previous to the renewal of 1764, were rather matters of temporary convenience and accommodation, that of real profit and pecuniary emolument The agreement of 1764 was that made by Mr, Grenville, and the advantage that resulted to the public by that bargain, Were first l 10, 000b and another advantage of 30, 000b which made in the whole an emolument of 140, 000b It had been said, his Lordship observed, the other day, that Mr. Grien - Ville thought this a bad bargain for the public, and hast repented it to the day of hi death. When he heard the assertion nt owried he had been somewhat astonished, because he had himfeff been in the Treasury when Mr. Grenvilc made the bargain. He was in the habits of living with that minrfftir; he had always heard him hold a very different language, hud he remembered one particular circumstance which pixfred that Mr. Grenville thought it was not a bad bargain for the public, and that was this; Mr,. Grenville told him that the 10, 000b in addition to the 100, 000b was an addition rither made with the hopes of getting it for the public than frith a determination to infill upon it; his Lordship added, that if the company of the Bank had demanded it, he knew it WOuld have been given up to them.

After dwelling for a considerable tifrie on the different bargains that had taken place, on the different occasiohi of renewal of the Bank charter, and ( fating the rife and fhU of the interest of money, at the different periods of time, each renewal was made, with an iceount of what had been done between the public and the Batik in confbqiteftcfc, hh Lordship went into a tonfidetation of the mutual advantages reaped by the Bank and the public. The former, he said, by prudent management, by judicious conduct, Wife plin, and exalt punlfuality, in establishing its own credit, iftd /contributed very essentially to establish the national credit a matter equally advantageous to this coiihtty both at hdme jtqcJ abroad. The Bank had from time to time dfcntially

assisted

A. i jSu DEBATES.

allifted the public, both on occasions of loans and on various other sudden exigencies. The public in like manner had contributed by granting to the Bank theexclu ( ive privilege of more than fix persons banking, and had enabled the company to enlarge its capital, to increase its credit, and to acquire that degree of importance which it had reached, and which the experience of almost ninety years proved. If gentlemen looked back to the lflte bargains on renewing the Bank charter, they would find that it had never been considered as either wife or necessary, to expect a large fine on such an occasion, and if the profits resulting from the present proportion were considered they would be found to‘be two and a half per cent, on the interest of two millions, because the Bank divided five and a half per cent, on their capital stock, and from the public they were to receive no more that three per cent, the profit therefore amounted to 150, 000 !. which was more than had on any former occasion been required or obtained on the yart of the public. Possibly tho bargain might be objected to, and it might be said, " if the present banking company will not give more, institute a new company. ’ Those who should entertain such an opinion, he would venture to say had not well considered the subject. They knew not the solid advantages refuhing ' to the public from its connexion with the present company, they saw not the difficulty that must now attend the breaking up of the present company; they were not aware of the dreadful consequences that might attend the attempt to incorporate a new one; at present the Bank, from long habit and the usage of many years was a part of the constitution, or if not a part of the constitution, at leaf ! it was to all important purposes, the public Exchequer; all the money business of the Exchequer being clone at the Bank, and as experience had proved, with much greater advantage to the public, than when it had formerly been dope at the Exchequer. Besides, the Bank was always in advance to the public very considerably; at present, the public were indebted about seven millions to the company. If therefore the present company was broke up, the public would have to pay off its debt, and to pay it off at par; and considering the low price of several of the funds, the expence would be enormous. Exclusive of all this, where were they to find a new company capable of advancing all the money the public would want, and even were it possible, how materially would the pationaj credit be affected, from the circumstance, that it must be many, many Vol. JII. 4 G v years

PARLIAMENTARY A. i ? 8i.

year before a new company could establish its character and its credit, in so eminent and so high a degree, as that to which the present bank had raised itself ? So dreadful would in his mind be the consequence of breaking of the present bank, that he should by no means advise, nor, he hoped, should he ever hear of an attempt to change haods or to inditute a new company. His Lordship observed farr ther, that even were such a matter practicable, numberless inconveniences would of course arise from the one bank’s of posing the other; the one would not then be the friend of the public, the other not capable of doing the bed office of a friend, a/id affording that assistance which was unavoidU ably requisite at different times ! He dated, that from being the banker of the public, the Bank undoubtedly derived considerable advantages; he said also, that the public derived advantages equally considerable from the credit of the Bank, and the important accommodation which the Bank afforded, on a great variety of national occasions.

The advantage now fought for was, on the part of the Bank, a renewal of the charter; and itcjearly appeared from their dividend, that the profit of the company amounted annually to about 239, 0001. The quedion therefore war, what the public fold, and how much of the 239, 9 - oU annual profits could fairly be dated to arise from the charter ? H/cie pis Lordship examined into the nature of the Bank bufinefif the manner in which it was carried on, and the e pences to which it was liable. He argued from tjicrwhole, thjit a great part of the 239, 01. 01. arose from the ordinary profits of the uufiness, and which would result to them as a private bank ing company, whether the charter was renewed or not. After an infinite variety of arithmetical computations, his Lordship declared, he thought 150, 00 1. as large an emolu ? anent as the public had a right to expelt.

But taking the bargain in another point of view, he said, the advantages were infinitely greater. He propqfed to pay pff two millions of navy debt with the two millions now offered. A debt which had ever hung like a mill - done on the neck of public credit, and been attended with great disadvan - tage to the public affairs in more ways than one ! It had given him, he declared, no small share of satisfaction to hear an honourable gentleman, in a late debate say, that ip consequence of its having been rumoured that such a bargaip as that now proposed, was in agitation, not a navy bill was to be bought. If the fatt were so, the bargain and the use

to

A. iy8r. DEBATES.

to Which He had declared he intended to apply the money, iad already produced one good efFcft. Navy bills it was Well known, had borne a large discount; if therefore by ' paying off two millions, the discount was IdTencd, the consequenc ? e would be doubly beneficial; the load upon the market would be lightened, and the discount lowered very considerably. Here his Lordship went into a statement of the computed emoluments that would result to the public, in proportion to the degree in which the discount was lessen - ed. If the discount on two millions of navy debt was lef - fened in the proportion of five per cent, the public would gairi near 500, 000. If in the proportion of four per cent, near 4ro, ocol. If in the proportion of three per cent, only, and that, he took as his lovveft computation, the public gain would be between 2CO and 300, 0001. Oh these computations his Lordship reasoned for a considerable time, as likewise upon ther good effect the paying off two millions of navy debt would have another way, viz. by lowering the purchases of all naval {lores, &c. Sic. and he contended, that taking the advantage either way, whether by the Ample 150, 0001. arising from the difference between three per cent, and five one - half per cent, or by the degree of discount on navy bills ’ which it would lower, or by the lowering of the purchases for the navy that it would effect, the advantage was truly essential. His Lordship added, that he esteemed the general benefits not to be stated, but which would undoubtedly arise from paying off three times as much navy debt this year as Was paid off the last, much above any benefits that could be computed, however warrantable the /peculation

His Lordship acknowledged, that there was one matter in the bargain which he saw was an objection, and that was the point of time at which it was brought forward. Certainly the business was of great importance, and certainly it was a matter to be wished, that such a business should never be brought forward but in full Parliament. Still, however, he thought the objection arising from that confederation greatly overbalanced by the advantages that the public would reap from paying off two millions of the navy debt that year. The reason why the bargain had not been earlier brought forward was, he said, because the proposition could not be matured at the Bank till after the choice of the new governor, fub - goVernor, and dir colors, which took place in April lait. Latt as it Was in the session, he thought the bargain ' otfght to be listened to and ratified.

4G la

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

In the course of his - spec ' ch his Lord ship stated from papers the htuation of the public funds, the particular claims of the Bank upon the public, and a variety of other figures, which, for the fear of error, we avoid going into. He at length concluded with moving, "that it is the opinion of this committee to agree to renew the company ' s charter for twenty - one years from the time of the expiration of their present charter, on the terin3 {fated in die petition of the governor and directors, referred to the confederation of this coinr mittee. "

Cnrge Sir George Savile said, the noble Lord had spent a great k deal of time in talking to almost every thing but what oon - stituted the real jejt of the business under confederation; to every thing eHe, to ( peak in the language of finance, he had paid attention in the proportion of ninety per cent. Tbs noble Lord, he said, had talked first of the precedents of renewals of the charter at this time, and that time, and the other time; and had spoken of the connexion, that subsisted between the public and the Bank with a degree of warmth, as if he had been describing conjugal love, and enlarging upon the affection that subsisted between a man and his wife. To look at the subject in that view, he desired to know if, the public was about to take a new wife, whether it was fair to say, your great grandfather married the great grandmother of the young lady without a fortune; your grandfather also married her grandmother without a fortune; your father married her mother with a small fortune, and therefore you ought to marry the daughter with a very trifling increase of portion ? Surely it was much fairer for the public to say, Ay, indeed, were my ancestors so improvident ? I will not copy their example. " The young lady ' s father is grown rich, he can afford to give his daughter a good fortune, and a good fortune I will have, or 1 will not marry the young lady. " The "noble Lord, Sir George observed, had talked a great deal about the amazing benefit that would refuit to the public from paying off two million, of navy debt. The ule to which he meant to put the money, if ihe bargain was ratified, was totally out of the question. The public had an estate to fell It was not therefore the question, how the produce. of the [ sale was to be applied ? The real jet of the question wif, What was the worth of the estate ? The noble Lord had scarcely once touched upon this, though, like a great leviathan, he had tofTed and tumbled again and again, over evay thing foreign to it, and feeined to delight in floundering about

the

G.

A. 1781. DEBATES.

the trueifm, that it was a good thing to lessen the navy debt. Having an estate to fell, the natural thing was, not to spend time in talking of the application of the produce of the sale, but, said George, to take a survey of the estate, to examine what buildings were upon it, what profits the crpps produced, and to judge, by such a survey, what price to put upon it, if fold, or what rent, if let. Would any man in private life bear to be told by a tenant, if I will give you six - pence an acre for what is worth a pound; and my reason is, an hundred years ago, when land was cheap, and for want of culture, your ellate produced but little, your great grandfather let the farm I hold, at that low rent. " In the present case it had been admitted, that the profits of the Bank were

239, 0001. a year. The Bank wanted a renewal of their charter for twenty - one years. The foie question then was, how much of that 239, 000 !. arises from their charter ? Sir George said, he would assume that the whole did, and put the onus proiandithat it did not, upon the Bank. He then, upon that alfumption, built an argument that the public were about to fell several millions for the paltry sum of 150, 000 !. After arguing this for forne time, he said, the Bank business was to him something like art magic. They coined their flimfy pieces of paper. The King coined solid, weighty pieces of money, and that money was made of fterlinggokl and silver; yet the thip paper with certain magical circles drawn on it, was deemed the most valuable, and men were heft pteased with obtaining it. He supposed the directors coinedthis paper at will, so that in fact, it cost them nothing to lend the public 2, oooo, ooool. After putting this in a whinv - fical manner Sir George came to a more serious objection, and said that he objecded to the point of time; not the time of the session, but the time that the bargain was brought forward, considering how much of the term of the present charter was yet unexpired. Was it wife, four years before the expiration of the charter, to make a new bargain. At this moment, when public credit was - crippled, and the three per cents, at fifty - eight. Why not wait till they were better ? Surely no man would presume ti say, the war would continue five years longer, and that ( locks would be lower than they now were, at the end of that period. After dwelling upon this for fotnetime, Sir George added other arguments, and concluded by declaring he should vote against the refolu - tion moved by the noble Lord in the blue ribband.

Mr,

S < & PARLIAMENTARY ' A. t78t.

jjf, tar at Secretary at Warrofe, and supported the motion. He

ar said, Tf the value of the farm was to be judged of by the price of the rent, the value of the renewal had been but finall in 1764. He shewed that the dividend of the Company had been eight per cent, till that period, and iben only four per cent. He declared he was in office with Mr. Grenville, and had often heard him say, he thought the bargain of 1764 a good one for the public. He remembered, in particular,

• that it was the general opinion that such was the national advantage of the Bank, that the public ought to ask no premium whatever for the renewal of the Bank charter at any time. An eminent merchant, a Bank director at the time, had strongly opposed the bargain of 1764 on the ground of its being too hard a one for the Bank. That gentleman was ' ever looked up to as perfeCUy mailer of all commercial knowledge, and he had a ion now in Parliament of great ability and great information; and yet that respectable merchant had relied his opposition on the grounds, t; hat the public had no right to exaCl a shilling for the renewal of the charter of the Bank. [ Being asked, who he alluded to he said, the late Sir William Baker. ] ' After dwelling for foine time on that fact, Mr. Secretary argued the ridiculoufncfs of thinking even of breaking up the n relent Company, and in - flituting a new one. He spoke of tnc great credit of the Bank, resulting from its great and extensive capital, its excellent management, and the punctuality of all its proceedings,. and shewed the extreme danger of pulling down a fabric which had flood the test of near ninety years experience. He laid, the great amount of the profits was not afcribeable solely to the charter, but to the directors ’ industry and the large share of public confidence which they enjoyed. Another fottree also was, the circumstance of their being made the bankers of persons in great public offices, which, however, was the option of the individuals holding those offices. cc For, fays he, if either of my honourable friends [ looking at Mr. Rigby and Mr ’. Ellis ] chotc to lodge the public cash intrusted to them at a private banker ’ s, they are warranted in so doing. But as long as the Bank preserves it credit, undoubtedly they will not. "

Mr. Khjcy, - Mr. Hujfcy said, he came down to the House with his head filled with ideas, as clear and as forcible against the proceeding farther with the present proportion as possible; but he feared he should not be able to slate them correctly, so riWch pulled and bewildered did he find himself in confc < jmence of

t what

599

A. 1781 DEBATES,

what had been dated by the noble Lord and the right honourable gentleman who spoke lad. There were, h6 observed, but two points to be considered : was the present proportion equal, with regard to advantage to the public, to the advantage the Bank would derive from a renewal of their charter; and was this the fit time to grant that renewal ? With respect to the fird, he thought he could make it appear, that the bargain. was a bad one, and that the public had a right to expect a muefy better. He then went into an arithmetical datement of the prefeitf profits of the Company, and the situation in which the public dood with regard to their debt to the Bank, and the expence it would cod them to inditute a new company, including the sums necessary to be raised towards paying off their debts to the Bank. In > these datements Mr. Huffey was clear, comprehensive, and accurate. After going through the whole, aijd reasoning upon each part, Mr. Huffey aiked why the noble Lord was to anticipate his successorof the advantage that might pof - sibly be made five years hence, of a renewal of the charter of the Bank, and why, at this particular period, any bargain t ail was thought necessary to be concluded1 upon ) He also entered into an investigation of the sources from whence the Bank was to draw the two millions offered, and said, the directors certainly were not so unwise as to let that sum lay unemployed in their coffers. And if thfey took from any other fund, the sum would be milled and felt. He imagined the Bank meant not to do so. He supposed it was their intention only to lend their credit to the public, and that was undoubtedly the mod prudent method. Hr. Hulley contended that the charge of 86, cool, for management last year was in the highest degree unreasonable. He laid the public Kept cash at the Bank, and therefore the Bank ought to do the public money - business without charging any ihing for it. A private banker would be glad to do it on such terms. He was aware that io, ooool. of the 86, ©ool. was for transacting the loan, but the remaining 76, 0001. he conceived to be more than all the expence the Bank were at, for servants, &c. and he infilled upon it, that if the Bank could afford it, they ought to assist the public with two millions at three per cent, without having any reference to the renewal of their charter, of which it would be time enough to treat five years hence. He flated the profits of the Bank at 240, 3001. and imputed the whole of it to the credit rciulting from the charter granted to the Bank.

6go

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

Mr. jack - Mr. Jackson supported the motion as every way warrantable.

jo *. The bringing of the bargain forward at that period of the fefiron, he laid, he had pbjefted to as soon as he heard it; but lie had been told those reasons for it which the House bad just heard. The terms of the bargain he thought luffiricdtly advantageous, and estimated the value at 200, ocd. He answered what Sir George Savile had laid with regard to asking the value of the produce of the estate in order toafeer - tain the rents, by desiring to know if ever a reasonable or wife landlord would expc£t the whole of die profits made by his tenant ? He observed also that the buildings on the estate were not the property of the landlord. He paid Mr. Huflcy great personal compliments, but declared he was extremely lorry to hear it laid in that House, that the Bank ought to come and offer to lend the public 2, 000, 0001. at three per cent, if they could afford it. The Bank were not bound to make such a tender, by any of the bargans for the renewal of their charters hitherto, and God forbid, that the Company of the Bank, or any individuals, should be expected to lend their money to the State, or have it taken from them whether they chose it or not. Mr. Jackson said, he had voted against all the measures that had brought on the present calamitous state of the country, but he could not vote against this which was calculated to relieve it.

Mr. Fox. Mg j ? ox rep ied, and said, on the face of the bargain efti - mating the interest of money by the three per cent, the interest was five per cent, and in that case the public fold upwards of four millions for 150, 000 ). Mr. Fox, with his usual ability, argued against the motion; in particular, lie contended that the Secretary at War, by declaring that the Company owed its high credit and all its profits CO its large capital, had in fact admitted, that its charter was the source of every shilling of benefit it derived, and all the credit it enjoyed, because the charter was indisputably the cause of its large capital. He also said he wished the honourable gentleman who fpjke Uft had voted oftner, as he had told the House he thought, that the late system of government was perniciou ?.

Mr. This called up Mr. Jackfonywho declared he had uniform -

ion ' Jy voted for the repeal of the Stamp A&, against the Boston Port Bill, and the other bills, which he had declared both in / public and in private, to be the cause of our misfortunes. But he had always voted for a supply, because as the country was in a state of war,. he did not wish to leave it without Jeers and at mica.

Mr.

A DEBATES 601

Mr, Fox apologized, and said, all he wished was, that public Mr. Fcx. business had enabled him to have the honpurable gentleman’s company more often when he went out on a division.

Mr, Hujpy said a few words in explanation of that part of Mr.

. his speech noticed by Mr. Jackson.

Sir Grey Cooper said if what had been so ably dated by hisSirGr#j noble friend in the blue ribbon, had failed of giving satisfac - f" ' ftion, he feared what he had to say would be equally unfuc - cefsful. Sir Grey thought every argument founded on m rf -, take, which had been urged against the motion.

The question was not whether the loan of two millions was an adequate price for the profits of the Bank, but whether it was an equivalent for the renewal of the Company’s charter

Sir Grey indanced the opinions of Mr,. Montague, Lord Godolphin, and other great characters on this point, when the Company was firfk edabiished on a broad footing in 1696 ;

toihew that each of those statesmen thought the establish - ' inent and prosperity of the Bank so much a national benefit, that they were of opinion no fine ought to be expected for a renewal, but that the Company should always be supporced and cherished by the public. '

Mt DempJler said, that when the Bank was fird instituted Mr. Zforp jn 1694, so little acquainted were the Directors with banking business, that they iflvied no$es not payable at light, but payable at a certain date; and when they became due, having no funds provided to answer the bills, the whole system was. ibaken, and the public were obliged to interfere and restore it.

Mr. Dempder said as the Directors laid by one - half percent, for contingencies, he should estimate tjieir profits so much higher than their dividend, and therefore he dated them at £90, 0001. He reasoned upon this, and urged the podpone - ment of any bargain for the present by a variety of pertinent arguments.

Mr. Pulteney said, the bargain came forward in a very fuf - Me Pulteing picious manner. If the charter was now renewed, the Company would be independent of Governipent for twenty - one years to come, and the Minister might be refused aiBdance when the public flood in need of it.

Mr. Samuel Smith, junior, said the other fide of the House Mr. &wiwJ had mistaken the matter. The 239, 000 !. was by no means an annuity; take away the exclusive right, and the supposed annuity would cease immediately. He dated it as the private profits of the Company’s trade, with which the public had no right to interfere. H -. reprobated the idea of putting the

Vow III. 4H ' conne&ioa

602

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 1.

connexion between the Bank and the public on the feme footing as a connexion between a private individual and a private banker; and said, as the public were generally, as had been dated, seven or eight millions in debt to he Bank, there could be no surplus of the public ' s cash in the Bank for the latter to, turn to ir$ advantage; consequently, the Company had a right to be paid for their management of the public affairs.

HuPuUtMj Mr < Pulteney replied, and said the argument was fallacious.

The public paid the Bank interest for its debt, consequently that was out of the quest ' ion altogether; and as the Bank were in receipt of the public revenue, the Company derived greater advantage from being cashier of the public, than any private bapking - shop did from its bed cudomer. Mr. Pulteney renewed his arguments on the ground of the Bank ' s being independent of government in future, if its charter was now renewed for twenty - one years; and said, in that case, the minider could only get his loan forwarded by adminidering douceurs to the Bank Directcor$. He reminded the committee, that the public had lod a million this year by the noble Lord’s not having been mader of his bargain, and having differed with the Bank Directors about it.

Mr. Byrg. Mr. Byng advised the noble Lord to fund twp millions of

• navy debt rather than agree to the present bargain, which he said had been in the course of the debate so fairly proved to be so much against the public, that it was unnecedary for him to add a syllable on. the subj dh

Mr. Ever. Mr. Eiver ( governor of the Bank ) said, he should prove

himself little worthy of that confidence which the proprietors of bank dock did him the honour to place him in, if he did not dand up in their defence, and declare as a member of Parliament, that the proportion held out by the DirectOrsof the Bank, was such as he could meet on public ground. Were tfe case otherwise, he should he ashamed to fnewhis

I face in that House, because it was well known that he had

some hand in the negotiation that bad tjiken place, and in framing the proportion which the noble Lord had treated upon. He thought the Bank offered fairly and handsomely, when they offered the public a loan of two millions, at three per cent, intered for three years; but if the argument, that v the public had a right to a dne, equivalent to the value of the

entire profits of the Bank was true, in that case he was ready to admit, he had made a bad and an unfair bargain for the public. He truded, however, that no gentleman would

fenously

A. 1781. DEBATES.

fciously maintain, that the public had any claim to the whole of those profits which arose from the industry, the1 hazard, and management of the Directors of the Bank. He Was convinced the public had no more right to those profits than to the profits of the private trade of any individual, or of any private banking company, impressed with this idea, hfe had agreed to that proportion, upon which the Directors had treated with the noble Lord, and nothing that had been said on the other fide of the House that day had induced him to change his opinion. Some strange arguments had, he observed, been. used in the course of the debate. One honourable gentleman had said, the Bank in offering a loan of two millions offered nothing at all, for that in fa& it, would not cost the Bank any part of that lum. Another honour - able gentleman, who had, he should have supposed, a kind of hereditary knowledge of public business and of Bank affairs, said, he supposed the Bank would coin the sum by issuing so much additional paper, and therefore it was a mere piece of magic. Good God, could public business be so little known, that at this time of day it should be supposed that the Bank cOuld coin whatever lum they wanted, by issuing just as much paper as the minister pieafedr He flattered himself the cooduct of the Bank was better known, and that no person was ignorant that such a circumstance was impossible. Ano -, ther gentleman complained of the independence that would ! be given to the Bank by a renewal of the charter, and had ! said, u would the nob ! e Lord make the Bank independent of Government for twenty - five years ? in that case, the noble Lord might feel the want of their assistance the next year. " Ip answer to this, it was necessary to remark, that the public were by far the best customers the Bank had. Their credit, their power of accommodating Government, arose iolely from their being the cashiers of the public; and gentlemen ought to remeipher, that the Bank were the cashiers of the public, at the will of the public. They could nod oblige the public to let them transact their money affairs. If, therefore, at any time, the directors acted so ill, so imprudently, or ' so rashly, as to yefule granting to government every assistance in their power, as often as the occasions of the state rendered such assistance necessary, government would have it in its power to continue the Bank the cashier of the public no longer, and that was surely a check fuifi - ciently strong to put an end to every fear of the Bank’s her having less gratefully to the public, after the charter was re -

4 H 2newed,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

jiewed than before. Mr. Ewer said, he mud advert to a matter that dropped in a former debate; and that, because it had got abroad through the newspapers, and had made some impression without doors, much to the prejudice of the Bank directors. It was this : An honourable gentleman, whose indefatigable industry, high character, and acknowledged abilries ( Mr. Pulteney ) made every thing, he said, have great weight, had flared to the House hat he had been informed that the Bank Directors, taking advantage of their knowledge of the bargain now under consideration, being on the anvil, had bought up navy bills to the amount of two millions; and that in comsequence, they would only advance two millions to pay themselves back what those navy bills had cost them, so that. they would make a consideraole profit, and in fact not lend the public a fhiling. In answer to this, Mr. Ewer said, he must declare, that whoever had atted the part of an informer, had done it to make himself appear of importance in the eyes of the honourable gentleman, and that he was not only a forward and officious person, but a bad man, because he had taken upon him to speak of a transaction, with which h® had not, nor could have bepn in the least acquainted. Mr. Ewer added, that he did not hold himself so far answerable to any person either in that House or elsewhere, for the private transactions of the Bank Directors, as to be obliged to rife and satisfy every doubt that vyas casually luggefted respefring their conduct; but since matters were gone ( q far, and what tire honourable gentleman had stated had produced such an injurious effe£h, he would assure the House that the Bank Directors had not purchased a Angle navy bill since the first of April, the time the present proportion had been in agitation. Nav more, he would farther allure the House, that within the last six months, the Bank had not purchased any thing like the one half of the amount of navy bills which the honourable gentleman had been informed they had. The reason why the Bank had not purchased any navy bills since the first of April was, the consciousness of the Directors of the impropriety that there would be pending the negotiation of a bargain upon such grounds as the present, for them to parchafe any; and the reason why they had not purchased more during the last six months, was, he supposed, because there had not been many in the marker. If there had, and they had been a dead weight upon the public credit, Mr. Ewer said, undoubtedly the Directors would have lightened the load, from that principle which had always actuated their

conduct.

A. 1781 DEBATES. 605

conduct, v\z. a. readiness to assist the public whenever an oc -. casion prefrnted itself. Mr. Ewer declared there was some - thing else which had fallen in the course of the debate, to which he wished to have spoken, but it had escaped him.

He concluded therefore with saying, ) that he thought the present proposition a beneficial bargain for the public, and the terms of it he was convinced, were the best that thp Bank could poftibly come into.

Mr. Hujfey said, he had never tajked of the Bank’s coining Mr. Hujpy < the two millions. He never dreamt of such a thing. He had said, that the Bank put itself to no real expence on the occasion, they only lent their credit to the public; and he had argued it in this manner; " It cannot be supposed that the Bank have two millions of unemployed cash in their coffers; to suppose that, would be to suppose the Bank Directors un - wife person *. If they take the money out of any other fund, theef&d will be felt somewhere; " whence he had ccfhcluded, that they lent the public their credit; and in so fating it he had argued to their credit. Mr. Hufley repeated his arguments that the 240, 000 ]. annual profits of the Bank Company was afcribeable to their charter, and therefore the public had a right to some equivalent for the renewal of that charter.

Air. Ewer rose to explain, and declared when he had taken Mr. Ewer notice of the argument relative to the Benk’s coining paper, he by no means alluded particularly to the honourable gentleman. He was perfectly aware that the honourable gentleman’s argument was that which he had just stated it to be. Mr.

Ewer said, that the Bank certainly would not have thought it prudent, to advance the public two millions on the terms proposed, unless the charter was renewed; it was that renewal which gave their credit ( lability, and made them venture the loan, which otherwise they would not perhaps have thought themselves justified in advancing.

Mr. Hnjpy said the honourable gentleman had himself con. - Mr. sessed the truth of his argument inteto. He had admitted that the charter gave the credit of the Bank liability, and justified the loan of two millions. This was at once acknowledging that all the profits of the Bank arofefrom the charter, and that upon the strength of the charter, the Bank ventured to lend its credit to the public.

Mr. Hri Ht Hartley went shortly over the general ground ofM *. w. h.

the argument against proceeding farther with the bargain this *, f ' 9# fession, and contended that a matter of such importance ought not to be hastily concluded nor in thin houses. He maintained

likewise

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17S1.

likewise that there was no necessity for hurrying the business forward, and that the bargain was by no means equal to what the public had a right to expe£l for the great and obvious benefits refuhing to the Bank from a renovation of the charter for 25 years.

The question being put, the committee divided. Aye *

100; noes 30.

June 14.

Agreed to the report of the resolutions of yesterday, for the renewal of the Bank charter.

Ordered in a bill thereupon.

This being the day appointed for going into a committee - on the bill for compelling the India Company to pay 634, 0001. to the public out of their net profits, the question was put for the Speaker to leave the chair, and no opposition was ex - pcCled to it; however a division was called for; and the bill had like to have been loft; for there was a majority of only three : —Ayes 28; noes 25.

The House then went into a committee; and Mr. Ord having taken the chair, the petition from the East - India Company, praying to be heard against the bill, having been rpad, Mr. Rous and Mr. Erskine were called in as counsel for the Company; they both pleaded a considerable time; and maintained, that if the claim of the public to any part of the profits was well founded, still the demand of 634, 0001. was too much by 232, 0001. For as the bill now flood, the demand was made for a share in the profits of the Company for three vears pafl; Now, according to the resolution of tile House, upon which the claim was founded, the public was not entitled to a share in the net profits until the company should have divided 8 per cent, and reduced their bond - debt to 1, 500, 000 !. The Chmpany had, it was true, made a dividend of 8 per cent, at Lady - Day, 1777; from which day the public made its claim; but yet it was a fa£l that the reduction of the bond debt to 1, 500, 0001. had not taken place till the twenty - sixth of June following; and as by the resolution of the House, the public was not to enter into a participation of 3 4ths of the net surplus profits of the Company, till that reduction should take place : lo of course one quarter’s share should be taken from the sum of 634, 000 !. actually claimed by the minister from the Company.

When

A. ij§i. D 5 BATES.

When the counsel had withdrawn, the quantum of the de - " mand that ou ht to be insisted upon by the public, gave rife to a conversation between Lord North, Mr. RobinSon, and the Lord Advocate on one side; and Mr. HufTey on the, other. The last mentioned gentleman pleaded for the Company; he however wished for rpore than the counsel for the Company had desired; for instead of arguing that 23a, OCQl. should be deduced from the sum claimed by Parliament; he maintained that the deduction ought to be 272, 000 !. On the other hand, it was urged by the nqble Lord, that the Company had acted wrong in making a dividend of 8 per cent, before they had reduced their bond - debt to 1, 500, 000 ). for according to the refblution of the House, of Commons, the Company was bound not to divide more than 7 per cent, till the bond - debt should have been reduced; and if the Company had a£ed improperly, it was not just that the public should suffer by it. However, he was so far inclined to meet the wish of the Company, as to lower his demand, and give the quarter of a year in dispute, claiming a share only for two years and three quarters, and not for three years; it was fair, that out of the surplus sum of i6, ocol. that remained over and above the dividend in one year, the public should receive 12, 00c !. for its three - fourths. He therefore consented that the blank in the preamble for the sum which the public claimed, shouW fie filled up with

402, 0001. instead of 634 ., cool. This parted without oppofi - ' tion; but when the Chairman put the question, " that the preamble, with the blank so filled up, stand part of the bill, " Mr. Huffey opposed it; and said he would divide the committee upon it, because the demand ought to be 40, 0001. less. The gallery was then cleared, as a preparatory measure to a division : however, the committee did not then divide; but Mr. Nichols from the India - House, was then called to the bar, and examined, the gallery being still shut up; a little after he had withdrawn a division took place; and the question was carried in favour of the preamble, with the sum of 402, 000 !. —Ayes 80; noes 45. Majority 35.

The other blank ? in the bill were then filled up, and the House adjourned.

June 15.

On the second reading of the Infplvent Debtor’s Bill, Str r, George Tonge observed that these temporary bills were proofs Tong

of the inefficacy of our laws with respect to debtor and creditor j

6#8

PARLIAMENT AflY.

ditor; and pointed out the necessity that there was for some permanent system of regulation, by which the evils of those temporary expedients should be removed.

Mr. Attor - Mr. Attorneys General said, that if any such plan was form - nfy GitnraLcd and introduced, it would most certainly have his support,

for the present practice was exceedingly disadvantageous as well as disgraceful.

Lord Beau -, Lord Beauchamp said, that he had introduced a plan of champ - that nature, framed, as he had imagined, with considerable care; at least with die approbation of the most learned and most respectable authorities in this country, and with their concurrence. It had been opposed, not by the great commercial part of this country, not by the - city of London, who were the most interested in the matter, for they, very. much to their credit, after consulting various legal opinions, and enquiring into the principle of the bill, had given their content to it as a wholesome and expedient regulation. But it had been opposed by the lowed dafs of men belonging to the profession of the law; and their intrigues had been the cause of its failure, against the good sense, wisdom, and liberality of the legislature.

The bill was then read.

The East - India Territorial Bill was read a second time, when Lord North informed the House, that he understood the objections to be offered were confined chiefly to certain regulations in the bill, and not to the principle, which therefore would come with propriety in the committee.

The order of the day was then called for the second reading of the bill, to amend the act for the better prevention of clandestine marriages.

Mt. Ambler. Mr. Ambler ' rose, and opposed the bill, as he considered the Marriage Act as highly advantageous and necessary to the well - being and good order of society. He said, there were obftades in the way of dandestine marriages before the origin of this law; but they proved ineftectual and nugatory. The obftades were; that the clergyman who married a couple in a secret manner, without the publication of banns, was liable to the penalty of a hundred pounds, and in failure of payment, to imprisonment. This was a mere bugbear. Ob - ( cure men set up and made a trade of marrying. It was idle to prosecute for the fine; they were not worth asixpence; and as to imprisonment, they were already in that predicament; for those marriage - ( hops were all in the Fleet - prison, and th persons who made a profession of it, confined in that I jail.

A ' ij&x. D E B A t fi S 609

jail. The evils arising from this pra&ce were iHa fiy. T ( x > fe dark and secret marriages were attended with conftqtieflces of the most fatal kind, proofs were wanting of the marriage, by which its validity could be ascertairied, and the legitimacy of the issue established. ' There were books kept of the marriages in the Fleet; but from the manner in Which these bdoks Were kept, from the erafures and insertions that made, the courts of law in Westminster never Wbuld admit those books as proofs of marriage. The Romans were of opinion, that the consent of parents was neceflaty until the couple should arrive at the age of twenty - five. It is not therefore either a new or a severe law, and it has not been felt in its consequences as injurious or productive of events either to be dreaded or removed.

Surely, he said, no gentleman would think of letting boy at fourteen, or a girl at twelve, which are the Common law ages, choose at a time when they had not yet come to the power of distinguishing right from Wrong. Wife meA in all ages, he said, had taken ' care of their progeny, and not left them to a chance so precarious : but there was ano « ther motive which operated ' with him; he meant decency *

He remembered, and he believed marry other gentlemen re - ». membered, when signs were hung up through whole streets, with tc Marriages to be done here, " He said, it might be objected that marriage was one of the rights of nature This be was aware of; but were there not many other rights of nature which the legislature thought proper to restrain

Property was a right of nature, yet there were many re - straints under which tlje laws curbed it. Upon the whole then, he could not fee any reason for altering a law, which be believed had done much good, and which he could not feel to have done harm.

Sir George Toftge} with very great energy attacked the ar Sr Cnr guments of the ' learned gentleman, and fj > oke of the Mar « TM£ff riage A St as a very dlfgraceful and pernicious law. Surely, he said, the learned gentleman must know that there Was a law in the twelve tables of Rome, by which, if a man and woman cohabited together for a twelvemonth without being absent from one another for three days and three nights together, it was a legal and valid marriage in every sense of the word. In Holland also, those who were not of theeftdbTifljA ed religion might be married by two justices, and this was veiy wifely and properly suffered, because that prudent peo *

pie knew that population was the wealth of coun *

Vol. in 41 ry *

General B ut tjnc.

PARLIAMENTARY A. V38 *

try. The provisions of the act were cruel as well as impolitic, end if it had not been buying to the friendly and wife interpolation of Scotland the consequences would have bee a dreadful. A noble Lord bad brought in a bill to remedy feme inconveniencies that had been felr, but those were npt all the inconveniencies that were likely to ensue, and Parliament would be under the necefcty every now and then to bring in a bill to remedy those inconveniencies.

, But the Marriage Act was not only impolitic, it was wick ed also, for itdestroyed that union which aflreftion had begot ten, and which the want of foroe trifling ceremonial had le gaily m ? yie invalid, in contradiction of feat great commandment of the Almighty, which however unfashionable the book from which he quoted might be, he would on this oc - cafron ufc as an authority in point; be meant, " Those whom God hath joined together, let no man put asunder. Yet in defiance of this poficive law, have our laws thought peeper to set afidc marriages, for want of Something beneath the attention of a Jegiftature, which regarded either the moral or political happiness of its subjects.

General Burgoymwarmly supported the motion, and con -

tended for fee propriety ana necessity of repealing the Marriage Act It was a law founded in the weakness of avarice and pride; but he thanked God that fee absurdity of fee aft had been the means of preventing fee malignancy of its inientiop. He believed that it would be confefied ifeat Sir Dudley Ryder, who was the warm friend and advocate for this bill in its origin, gave it as his opinion, in that House, that it was aimed chiefly at the higher order of the state, and that if it was possible to make a distin&ion between them and what was called the vulgar, he would have done it. This was the argument in theinftitution of this bill, and perhaps so di ( graceful an idea never was started. What, would the House of Commons presume to make a law in which the orders of life were to he divided, and the vulgar, that is to say the body of the people, feat body of which the House of Commons was, or ought to be the guardians, the representatives, and the members, to be particularly pointed out to suffer by fee insolence and the avarice of aril - tocratical rules jtThe meaning of this argument and doctrine of Sir Dudley Ryder went to this purpost, feat a monopoly should. be establUbed of theeflates and fortunes of the great families in this country, add feat they ( hotild not mix in marriage with the lower orders of the people.

J

4Lft riu E t A T E s; f

TFEh wasa define hoftife to the pure prirtrfplca of thecon Iftutfon, 1 and Which ought to be ( coated by every friend and of jfiat paired {yftem which had been lb long and so Jtjpy the ehvy fcitd me admiration of Europe, \Vere not xhis memberj of that fioale in some fbrt the vulgar; ' they Vire ' the Commons, not the quality of England; and he Wtft add however it might grate die ears of pride, that it W ? s, from the vulgar that this country mutt look for delive - ranc ^. For the take of this abominable purpose this law was enafbed; obstacles Were thrown in the way of matrimony; and the poorer part of the people in particular, were fub - Jcfted to iriconveniencies. prejudicial to population, but friendly to debauchery. He said, that/ln his opinion if a hundred young noblemen should, previous to this law, have lieeni married to their mothers chambermaids, it would be much less; evil2 hf the eye of Ood and the constitption, jtfatn if, through this laW, one virtuous, pooT, and affectionate cppple had beep prevented from marrying. It Was a law ' Which flew in thq face of nature; and it had beirt face fs - futly defeated by every couple who - had it itiftyeir power to

Sfty a post - epaife to go to Scotland; and thereforehll the {jQofe uences, all the pvils, and all thfc hartJftips. had Kfep suffered by the poor He ' called youth he feafeti of genrrofity; and it had been constantty remarked, that the young men ih that House had distinguished themselves by; fhefr endeavours for the repeal of this law. Wherl he looked found him, and saw so many young men Of fiction and ihflitence, who had adorned this Parliament in & ' particular a manner, by a display of talents and of zeal upcqualfed in ipy former period of our history, he doubted not but that now they would assert the becoming spirit, and £hew that the head of age was not so wife astne heart of youthl This galbirttry would ipfpire them with sentiments more noble than ‘thdffr which - flow from pride or avarice, and in ft 1 gate them ter ftahd forward of this occasion, as the advocates and pro tOfikdrs of the fairest objects in the creation, who were the cbkf sufferers by this inhuman law He bac}, for a second ’ - frtfte, the honour of endeavouring to further this bill; but hbdid it now with a greater conviction in its favour than he had then 5 fqr he had, since that period, the opportunity of ~fqeing a country unfttarkled with such fetters; he had beheld Atnencar, Briarens Ske, fopported by the band$ of matrimony. They flood forth in her battles; and it was by the •freecom, and the easy access to matrimony, that their ranks

4 I a were

P A ' R L; I A - M/E N ' T A RfY. A. X7 « f.

were filled, apd that they bad grown to so; aftonifliing a power

as to contend with Britain He was of an opinion with hit honourable friend, that population was one of the great ob jects of every country, and that in difcc&. an in difficulties, he that can ooaft of his subjects may apply to himself thp beautiful passage in scripture, Like as an arrow in the hands of thp gjant, even so are young ' children. Happy i ? the man that hath his quiver full of them; they shall not be alhanbed when they speak wifotheir enemies Intliegate. " He concluded with paying a compliment to the abilities of Mr Fox, in ad vesting to the expression, that he would not haye had existence if the spirit of the marriage - aft had been some tiipe previous tq hU birth. t. Mr, Cturtenayf opened his speech by saying, that notwithstanding ail : that had been urged \yifo such Hrength of rpafoa and force of argument agayift. the marriage aft, he was Hill bold enough to Hand, up as an advocate for that act, which, ip his opinion j had been so invidiqufly calumniated and mifreprpfented, He. should. therefore ' adduce some additional arguments in suppprt of the principles of that wife and judicious a ft, which had even escaped the sagacity and acumen of : the honourable geptlcman ( Mr, Ambler ) who had ipolcfcqc so learnedly apd ably on the subject. He would even venture to combat the decided opinion of a most refoestable authority, the late Judge Blackfl : one; and, with the per - niiflionof thp Houfo, would read a foort extract from his ' Commentaries on the point, Much may be, and much has been said, bpth for and against this innovation on our ancient Jaws and copHitution. On the ope hand, it prevent ! the clapdestine marriage of minors, which are often a terrible. inconvenience tp thofp private families wherein they happen. Qn the other hand restraints upon marriages, eljpe - dally among the lower cjafs, are evidently detrimental to foe public by hindering the increaseof people, and to religion apd fpoialFtyj by encouraging liccptioufoels and debauchery among the fingfe of both lexes; and thereby destroying one end of speiety apd government, which is concubiterprwibtv vagQ. And of this lalj inconvenience the Roman laws were, so fenfire that at foe fame time that they forbad marriages without foe cpnfpnt of parents and guardians, they were Jcfs rigorous upon foat very account with regard to other re - flraipts j for if a parent did not provide a husband for his daughter by foe pmc foe arrived twenty - five, and she

&ffepFards

t

A < 1 ) Sia 0 EBA T ’ E

afterward made a flip in her conduct, he was not ' allowed disinherit her upon that account; non, Jed pa -,

refitumid commijjjffe cogno/citur. " The sentiments of this ce -

lebrated and learned Judge, continued Mr. Courtenay e, are,

| t must be allowed, pretty clear and strong; yet he would bow to no authority, convinced that be flood on the ’ Vantage ground of reason and philosophy. What are we to under - ? Hand, continued he, by the law of nature ? Is it not being governed by those instinAive pafflpns and appetites implanted jh us, by nature }Is not this sacred law paramount and fupe - jior to all other laws, which often derive their vicious origin from force and fraud, and produce those artificial bonds in society, by which natural liberty is restrained, and mankind contrary to the benign and evident intention of Providence ) is - rendered permanently miserableIs not wedlock one of these artificial bonds ? And have not the framers of the Marriage A A, by throwing every pofRble obstacle in the way of pnatrimony, wifely, humanely, and generously endeavoured £o restore the law of nature, and to encourage that enchanting intimacy between the sexes, without the pernicious cere - Suony of marriage ? But as some gentlemen were still seep - tical, he \ would - attempt to j prove, beyond a possibility of doubt, that the framers of the Marriage AA were influenced by the nobfeft patriotic motives; and that Britain derived •every blessing she enjoyed from their liberal and comprehen - five way of thinking. In the first place, he was convinced, that by a monopoly of marriages among people of the high - jefl rank and fortune, the purity of blood would defeend from generation to generation; and their virtues and their wisdom,; their talents and their integrity ? as well as their titles and estates, would bo perpetuated in their families in facuh cufarum. Vho would doubt this faA on contemplating the present race of right honourables, whose blood had flowed down from father to son, in one clear, deep, and stately current of pure nobility, neither fouled nor contaminated by any sordid plebeian mixture. Did not we fee how distin - ' guished these men were in arts, arms, and science ? and to what could such great and shining qualities be aferibed, but Jo the virtue of their ancestors, which they certainly inherited by defeent; and therefore very properly took little pains to acquire such brilliant qualities themselves ? On the fame wife and laudable principle, the Arabians preserve the noble breed of their horses, ( which never degenerate ) and keep t cir genealogy with as mpeh care as vfc register the illult

• trioyi

•4

PARLIAMENTARY A. ij % i.

trfous lineage of crnr great families in the HertldG - office; and ft it hot absurd, and alnaoft impious to suppose, that any part of the brotc creation have ahy advantage over ns in this itfpe&; and that the fame pfeilofophical system may not be equally extended to improve, sublime, and exalt the human foecie f Have not all the wife nations of anriouky adopted the feme policy ? Did not the Jews always centtfte the mar - pages to thbir own respective tribes; and one of theif rabbles ( who was a good phffiognotnift, ) asserts, thht the sea - turns of ’ the twelve tons of Jacob, and their tnbntal qualities, dttfcriminate the twelve twbes of Pfrael to this day Do not the Gentoos, another natron celebrated for their policy and antiquity prohibit by severe penalties, inter - marriages between their different caffs }And might it not just at tins time have a very good effect, and tend to conciliate the af sections of that people, to have our Marriage Act sent out to Jndra ? and no doubt some of our Nabobs, out of gratitude for the fortunes they have so honourably acquired there, Would readily be at the expence of a transtation : this wobld perhaps convince the Biamins that fthe principles of some of our laws are congenial to their own, and attach them more ftrmly the British government; In. the course or the debate, an honourable Baronet ( Sir George Yonge, ) had said, that by the lawdf the twelve tables, cohabjtation for a twelvemonth, without befog absent three dkjrs together, became a legat mari riage; / ( it tvii very true; there was high a law in tHofe days; but every bddy knew it was In the infancy of the state, vhen Rorpe. was a barbafous. teproblic,; when tfcir senate had nothing else; toconfrder Hit wedlock and population ( fyno uimoua7terms among rhefh ) and cutting thetr neighbours Throats. But wherrthey became polished and refined by thjfc geniaj influence of the elegant arts, under the anfpicious and mild sway of‘their Emperors, wedlock was nfo longer encouraged; the - Chloes, the Lefbias, the beautiful couTte - rans, the reigning toaffs of the day, were celebrated by evtJry man of wit and faftrion; ana Horace, in his cups; gaily calls out, £ uis dcvlcm fc or turn eliciet farm ? The Roman

ienate enlightned by Grecian learning and the study of phi - lofophy, ( chiefly Epicurean ) considered matrimony as a state liable td mu <; h care, perplexity1, and endless difqaiet and therefor consulted th ? happiness and prosperity of the people too much to encourage it. The same reason induced our legislatiire ( who aftedf on similar public - spirited Roman principles ) to prevent young inconsiderate people from taking

this

4

G le -

A - n Su D Er, B A T E

this fatal, irretrievably step, W, a % ifrnojj th# V dooi

in them to check and counteract tjjpu;

fipns, that ferment iqyouthfulbVp ? S whl ^. blungc. jthem

is u en‘ ? "8 ., f.

House wouty particularly « on % a few W arj ^, re - IpUing from the law now in Fqrcei winch would inGVitably be Jolt by its repeal : Ip ' int Sfft ' jpJace, many ' pair fire ' ppvr ' united in the sacred bands, withouj; the lead, pamon for each Other; theyexpc& no hyppine/s in fnajriage, and therefore cannot be difeppointed. Their prudent parents or cool - blooded guardians. ( from their own experience ) know very Well, that a connubial attrition, which mud necessarily take place, may light up the flame of love, as two flicks will take fire at last by continued friCUop *, Re requested the House would a Wo recoiled, that the present plan was also favourable to divorces, and surely these were highly beneficial to the public; for as the parties often married again, two marr riages were produced out of one; as the cutting of a polypus in two, instead of destroying, multiplied the species. This he only urged as argumentum ad hominfin. Mutual indifference also naturally produced gallantry and intrigue, and consequently that high polish and refinement of manners for which our neighbours, the French, were fb jiiftly celebrated; and which enabled them to give the ton to all Europe; but, as it is universally allowed, that the British genius leads. to improve on whatever they invent, it is to be hoped we shall toon excel them even in this; and by the aflonlshing and ra - fid progress we have made ( in the graces ) within five and twenty years, that triumphant period is not very distant.

He remarked, that reason was weak, and passion flrbfig *, in the youth of both foxes, from sixteen to twenty one; thi s Kras the critical age of innocence and delusion

When fair opinion gilds with varying ray *, i

ft ThOfe painted clouds which - beautify bur days, "

The ingenuous youth then view the cjharms of his miflrefe with all that ridiculous heart - felt love and jffe&ion incident to felly and inexperience; she listens to his moneyed vows ^. and if the Marriage Act did not terrify them from the crime they wo « 4d undoubtedly marry.. But the Wpra&icabiliyr cfft&ually saves them; and what is the confexpience ? SEje yields to the bewitching fuggedrons of Ipve and Mature 9 the yoqng man grows wife, his eyes are opened be kfiows gpojd from evil, fees things in their true light ana ilnlj improvil

f ' " * ‘ ' and

PARLIAMENTARY A. ifiU

and enlightened by His first. essay in the philofbphy of nature, he acts and thinks as a man, gets rid of all childtfh prejudices, and frequently, for the remainder of his life, prefers the sweet ana transient enjoyment of a mistress to the per petual and embittered poflemon of a wife; the spelt is broken; he foifakes his onto beloved mistress; and if a child is botn, w it is committed to the tender and fettering care of the parrfn; and the mother, with all ’ her rural bloom and beauty, comes up to town, and becomes a valuable acauifition to the public; and, by a liberal distribution of her charms, she, in her turn, prevents our giddy unthinking youth from ruining themselves, and bringing disgrace on their families, by mar - rying prematurely. In all civilized nations, this class of females has been protected, and no institution, ancient or modern, has raised so many recruits in this way as the Marriage Ad. In the virtuous times of our ancestors, a particular idiftrid was appropriated for the telidence of these liberal females; and as the clergy then claimed an exclusive right on all nice and delicate points, in which conscience and pleasure weie concerned, the care, patronage, and protection of these females were committed to the Archbishop of Canterbury. 7 he Marriage Ad, he said, produced numbers of illegitimate children; fit us nulliusy by the common law, was the definition. Bastards were the children of the public; for the public may justly claim the children of nobody. They were a hardy race, unfpoiled by the mistaken tenderness of parents, bred up under the parish - officers with all the rigour of Spartan discipline, and were great and never - failing resources to supply our fleets and armies.

An honourable gentleman [ General Burgoyne ] had held out to the House the policy of America; which ( unblest by a marriage ad ) gave every encouragement to wedlock and population. He talked of the golden age of America; that was long patted, and, as it was now the iron age there, be hoped we should not pay much attention to her police or in - ftitutions. The honourable gentleman might as well recommend another custom ( not uncommon in America ) the custom of the lads and lattes bundling. The ceremony, he heard, was this, the young man and woman tteep together, but preserve the strictest bounds of decency and decorum by not taking off their under clothes; however, if the Stamp Ad takes place under this restriction, and the girl proves with child, they are, ipso faQo married; but if nothing sub -. stantial is produced, it is supposed that nothing patted but

hannlcfc

A. i flu t > E B A T E S.

harmless play, and the couple return to their fonfter fttte independence.

He then adverted to the iituation of Ireland, where poverty and population went hand in hand; because there were priests in that country who would marry a couple for a shilling and a bottle of whisky; and every cabbin was clouded with five or six children; those who had not been in Ireland could have no idea of such a scene; but he had often seen half a dozen infants almost naked, sporting on a dunghill before the cabbin - door, and their white and ( hining skins put him in mind of blanched almonds duck in an orange pudding.

He next called the northern members to vote against the present bill, as a repeal of the marriage aft would prevent many jaunts to Scotland; by which the duties on post - horses would be diminished, and the revenue, offcourse, suffer. Besides, that many people, would lose the pleasure of seeing that celebrated country, which but for matrimonial business they would never visit.

One more objection he would obviate, and then conclude; it had been triumphantly ' urged, that by the drift letter of the marriage bill, a number of the clergy, and even some bishops, were liable to transportation; or, instead of that, might be sent to the Justitia at Woolwich. But he begged the House would seriously consider whether ( supposing this actually to take place ) many beneficial effects might not refute from it. The convicts would be reformed by the mo - jrality, piety, and sobriety of their godly conversation, anc} many fouls would be saved. There would be no farther ne - Ceflity for paying a chaplain ( a great and unnecessary cx - pence, which some gentlemen had complained of in the beginning of the fession ), and the noble Lord in the blue ribband could then have no apology for dill insulting and bur - thening the public with this national grievance, and increas - the civil - lid establishment.

e submitted to the House whether he had not, on the found principles of reason and philosophy, demonstrated the wisdom, policy, and utility of the Marriage - aft; that it was Consonant to the law of nature, and the uniform practice of every civilized and enlightened nation, ancient and modern; consonant to the genuine principles of our free condition; equally tending to promote public and private happiness, to increase the revenue, prevent additional taxes, and diminish the poor’s rater, which mud dill rife, ( enormous andoppreflive

Wo *. Ill,

4K

t

4x8

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

aathey wercat present ) by beggary, population, and wedlock *

, A manly, strenuous, and effectual opposition to the present bill, could also prevent those great national calamities which must inevitably enfuc by a repeal of the marriage act. He therefore hoped every friend to this country would defend and support it *

Mr. Tor Jut Mr Torki, spoke next. He defended the principles on

which the marriage aft was originally brought in, and the part which the Earl of Hardwkke took in it. In his opinion it was founded in wife and necessary policy. As to the har - rangue which the last honourable gentleman had made, it would have been fit for the school of eloquence, but was certainly indecent in that House.

Mr. JtUffe Mr. Joliffi notwithstanding the severe Fatirc that had been made upon the marriage aft by Mr. Courtenaye, said, that he was yet a friend to it, and would oppose its repeal. No grievances had arisen from it, no real grievances : whoever was able to pay for a poftch ifc could go to Scotland, k never was complained of till the late occassion In the Court of King’s Bench, and in that case a noble Lord had provided a remedy. It was not at all a clear point that it had produced any inconvenient consequences; none had ever come to his knowledge. He described, in a liv ' dy manner, the affliction arising to families of distinction from the imprudent marriages of their children. An honourable gentleman whom Be had in his eye, who was a distinguished foe to the Marriage AfV, ( Mr. Fox ) did not know a parent’s heart; but he hoped he would know it one day, for he trailed he had not made any resolution against entering into matrimony.

He hoped he woukl have a ion who would transmit the abilities and virtues of his father and grandfather to a laic poftericy; and who would be the darling of his father, as he was of Lorfl Holland, whole affection for Charles, who was his favourite son, whs unbounded, and who always spoke of him with rapture; but whether Mr. Fox should ever marry or not, he knew that his generous heart embraced with ten - derness all his relations. Could he think, without horror, of the present young Lord Holland tarnishing the honour of his house by a marriage with a common strumpet Yet to so great misfortune was every youth exposed, if at every turn, in every place, a pried was to be found, who would perform the ceremony of marriage, and that marriage be valid.

The law did not infringe the natural liberty of mankind in marriage, but obliged them to take time to think before

ihcy

yGoOgI

' D E 8 A T £S. 6, 9

thej ventured on the most important step in their life, on which their happiness or their misery so much depended. He fhid that many younger pedons were sent over to this country for their education, both from the East and West Indie *, which might fall a prey to necessitous and designing vagabonds. It was an easy matter to corrupt the fidelity of a school - mistress; who, after giving the suitor frequent opportunities of being with the young lady, fays, why really,

Miss, he is a very agreeable man, you could not do better than marry him; and the thing is done at once. The young Udy stripped of Her fortune, is abandoned by her robber, ana left to diljjrace and want.

. He said, that the difficulties Which had arisen under the Marriage Aft, ' were from the raif - explanation of that act, arid not from any error in it. He said, that the act had borne the test of years, without any amendment or propo fal ’ for that purpose, one only excepted, made by his noble intend, and this gave it, he believed, a sanction in the opi - x nion of the House. In short, it was a most salutary and necessary law, and he should never give his vote for its rer pe - al.

Mr. Fox then rose and mad his celebrated speeeh in fa - Mr. ftx, tour of his motion. The honourable gentleman began with ' sm obferyation on the ironical arguments that had been urged by Mr. Courtehaye aeainst the Marriage Act. They wert not perhaps such as he should have chosen to have urged in that House, if he had possessed the talents that were necessary for the talk. They were however, such as would fhevy the House the absurdity of the arf, and the necessity of repealing it. The defence that had been set up in fhyour of the Marriage Act, was not what could possibly incline the fioufe to support it. The gentleman who had fpokeri last, had argued that the act had not produced the effects to which it was said to be caculated to give life. There had been no Complaints made; no inconvenience had been suffered until the late instance in the Court of King’s Bench, and for thit ill consequence, ’ a noble Lord had provided a remedy. Was this an argument for the continuance of the law ? What I because it had been nugatory; because through the happy Jtbfardity of its intention, it had failed of producing the consequences for which it was ddsigned, it was to be suffered to continue to disgrace the Statute Book ! If it had taken effect,

Hhchonourable gentleman would then, according to his mode bf reasoning, have had no objection to its repeal j but because

620

PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1782,

it bad done no harm, because it had been ineffectual, because it had been nugatory, it was to be considered as beneficial, or at lead as harmless. The honourable gentleman placed this in various points of view; and contended that this, which was the only inteltigible argument that had been adduced in favour of the bill, ought to urge and instigate the House to a repeal; for it was an acknowledgement of its danger, of its impropriety, of its baneful and pernicious ten dency, and all that it meant to inform was, that its weak - ness was greater than its wickednds; that it had not power equal to its will; and that having been conceived in folly, it had ended in difnppointment. Why should a statute stand upon the books, whose only defence and whose only merit could be found in its efficacy ? It was a ridiculous nd a dif - graceful predicament, to which gentlemen were reduced in Supporting a cjoftrine that was contrary to the laws of nature and reason. He had seen three attempts made to repeal this law, one of them he had made himself, and one of them had passed that House to meet its overthrow in another place; and on. all these occasions he had never heard one good, found argument in favour of the bill. Neither on thele occasions, nor on the fild introduction of the bill into the House, agreeable to the bed of his information, had there ever been an ingument advanced in its favour, which ought to have weighed with the legislature for its passing. He believed, as it had been suggested by his honourable friend, that Sir Dudley Ryder did express a wish that he had it in his power to separate the high from the vulgar, and prevent their intermarriage and mixture. Good Heaven ! could any thing be more disgraceful or more contrary to the spirit and excellence of our conditution ? It was a ground to which the present friends and supporters of this bill were afhained to resort. They flew to other refuge, and contented themselves with inapplicable arguments drawn from examples of countries in which there was no analogy to our own, and from which no fair and jud conclusion could be drawn. But notwithstanding their new arguments the fast and the truth was, that the original intention and purpose of the act was, as Sir Dudley Ryder had confefied, for separating the persons of high rant and fortune from the mass of the people; and with this infamous design, an act had been niade which only affected the lower orders of life; for all its consequences had been defeated in those circles where it was chiefly intended to take efieft. Whoever could pay the expence of a poflehaife to

Scotland,

s

A, 4}8i P E - BATE S.

Scotland, laughed at and defied the bill. It was only against tfiofe who could not afford that expence that it had operated as a grievance The learned gentleman who had begun the opposition to his ipotion, had gone into a train of reasoning which to him was inexplicable. He had confounded the laws Of man wi h the rights of nature, and had considered property as a natural right. It was by no means so : ( It was an artificial right, the creation of human means, perfectly adventitious, and by no means connected with the dignity, the rank, or the happiness of nature. Marriage was, on the contrary, a natural right. He had afierted this on the occasion of his introducing this matter to the House before, and had been contradicted and laughed at for the assertion, but He Hill maintained, that marriage was a right of nature, to which every creature was in common intitled by the wife laws and dispensations of Providence. This assertion he explained and proved, by saying, that the intercourse of the sexes was a natural right, a right recognized by the laws of the country, and of which they could not be deprived by human inllitution. That intercourse was limited by the laws of this, and of every other civilized and Christian country, to a {late of wedlock. This then being the only legal condition on which the natural right of intercourse could be exercised, he was intitled to say, and after this explanation he trusted he should not be contradiCled, that marriage was a. natural right. What then ! could the legislature of this, or of any country, conceive in their insolence or in their folly, that they had it in their power to reverse the decree of Gocf, to alter the system of Providence, and to destroy, by a human law, a natural right ! For this reason he had always conceived, that this act was one to which the legislature were not competent from their authority, and much less from their capacity. He did not conceive that Parliament had it in their power to destroy or to abridge one right of nature; such was the right of marriage; such was the right of human liberty, for which our confutation had so amply provided. But if they had presumed, at any moment of pride or avarice, to do that for which they were not constituted, the other obstacle had intervened, and defeated the intention as well as the end. This was the obstacle of their incapacity. It had been visible in other instances j it had operated to the advantage of mankind in this. For though the Marriage Act had been framed with all the ingenuity and all the caution of human skill; though there was no error i or

P A R L t AIVf E N t ART A.

or defex in any oiF its provisions, yet it had failed of producing the delired fend. Why ? Pbr thfe same reason that all such bills, howevfcr subtle, must fail, in which the cunning of man dares to fethimself up in opposition to infinite wif - dora, and to the eternal laws of 6od. fiqt it was said, tc 1 his aX does not dfestroy the right of marriage, allowing it to be a natural right, it only fufpfends the enjoyrocnt ot that right for a time. After the age of twenty - one the party is at liberty to enjoy that tight, for then he or she is arrived at the age of judgment and of dilbretion. " The futility of this argument Was evident from the recital of it. Was there aby such limitation in the laws of nature ? Did she po; ntOut any period when the human mind might Without fear be left to follow its own dilates in the enjoyment of this great right and purpose of their being, after having matured the creature for the enjoyment of the right, did me restrain him for a time from that enjoyment ? No; on the contrary, nature pointed out the tyranny of the reflriXion by the general operation of her system. The age at which thfe sexes were marriageable was several years sooner than the age of twenty one, and for several years therefore they were deprived of the enjoyment of this natural right. They were deprived of the exercise of it in that feafbn of life moil favourable to all the noble and generous inducements of the mind, when with the warm incentives of love and affeXion the sexes met without thel ’ e low and sordid views which interest pointed out, and which age and avarice confirmed. The season of youth is the season of pafllon, when the heart possessed all its feeling and ' fenlibility, untainted by the mercenary considera - tions which afterwards our commerce with, and knowledge of the world were likely to inspire. This then was the season when connexions were likely to be formed between the sexes, which having their origin in mutual passion, were calculated to confer permanent felicity. It was passion and not reason that was the best capable of providing for our happiness in wedlock.

If we were in every great occurence of our lives, and particularly in this, to wait for the flow decisions of reason and discretion, what mull be ( he coufequence1 ? Solitary fmgle - Lood and general depopulation; for if men in a cold and fb - ber mood, were to lit down to calculate all the probat > le advantages and disadvantages of wedlock, thedifguws andanxie - ties, and all the tribe of contingencies to which the weakness and \ices of the heart so often gave birth, how few, hoW

compjra -

A. 178 *. D E B ' A T E S.

comparatively few, of the human race would venture on the slate; for in such a calculation, what were theconftderations that would have weight} Similarity of age, gentleness of - dispohtion, and above all, union of hearts ? No; these would be secondary conftdcrations, and the primary would be fortune, birth, connexions, and splendour. These were the motives that actuated parents and guardians in their negotiations for their children and wards, and rhefc were the causes of all the multiplied varieties of connubial misery. It was to him a plain, Ample, and a positive maxim, that po person, not even a parent, with all the love and tenderness which he might be supposed to polTefs, and njuch less a guardian without those ties, could possibly judge so well for a son, a daughter, or a ward, as the person themselves. We were always the best judges of what was most agreeable to our own dispofi - tions, our own wants, and our own desires in life. In that generous season, which was prohibited by law, the young parties were more likely to judge well for themselves than their parents or their guardians. The one would decide from paifion, the other would argue from prudence; a > d in this respex it was, that, as his honourable friend had with truth and beauty expressed it, "the heart of youth was vvifer than the head of age. "

Philosophers might argue as they pleased for the prevalence of reason, it was however a faX, which neither mora - lifts nor philosophers could deny, that nature had planted passion in the heart of man for the wisest purposes, bpth of religion and of life; and it was finely calculated in many cases, to subdue and overthrow reason; tp rife superior to its flow authority, and to urge the mind to enterprizes, in which there was at once both danger and delight.

Dean Swift had a maxim, in the truth of which he argued as thoroughly as he ever did in any sentiment or axiom whatever. It was, c < That there were two passions in the human heart superior to the government and controulof reason, and which were planted there by a particular providence, for the preservation of the species; these were, the love of life, and the love of the sexes. " The first was of raanifeft advantage, for were it not. for this principle, warped round our hearts, and tnadc part of our being, could we, in moments of agony and dcfpajr, resist the influence of reason, and her foicihle per fualions to annihilation ? This love of life made us bear up against the torrent of disaster, ao4 ah the evils with whfeh Were doomed to struggle in this world. The loye of thefcxca

PARLIAMENTARY A ij i.

had equal operation on our conduct. It rose superior to all the chilling dilates of prudence, and made us hazard that, which, if we were to consultconveniency, safety, and advantage, perhaps we ought with caution to avpid. These principles then were wifely planted in our bosoms for the preservation and the happiness of the species; and no human law could possibly destroy or even ditninish them.

But it was said—What ! shall the indiferetion of an boar, of a moment, of a rash moment of deluded passion, be the means of fixing permanent tnifery on an unhappy yojtb, or ' an unfortunate female, by an unadvised marriage ? To this he should answer in few words, and in very express terms, that such was the provision of nature, that when persons entered into the slate of wedlock they were doomed to suffer its hardships or to enjoy its pleasures. It was a consequence which the legislature of this country could not by its authority prevent. As well might they attempt by power or by art to overcome all the other dispensations of nature. As well might they say, that it was a. melancholy confederation that a female, in consequence of one false flep, of one indiferetion, should incur penalties of an excrutiaiing and a permanent kind; that she should be forced to bear about a tedious burrhen ' for nine months, and be subject to all the confinement and pains of pregnancy. True. —But it was a law of nature which neither the talents nor the power of man were able to subdue, and which it would be wickedness and preemption to attempt. This was exactly the case in the present in fiance. The fu fieri ngs and enjoyments were the lot of man, and were not to be afiumed as a reason for impolitic, unju ( l, and cruel prohibitions.

Besides, on the principles of wiggifm, the Marriage Act was gnjultifiable, and inconsistent with the spirit of our con - •flitution. The spirit of wiggifm holds and declares it as a doctrine of British privilege, that no subject shall be forced to obey a law to which he did not give his consent by himself or his representative. This law however, in contradiction to this avowed principle of liberty, erected an arbitrary authority in the parent and the guardian over the child and the ward. He knew that many virtuous men who loved and maintained the principles of wiggifm from their mistakenseal fot this act, refused their assent to this argument; and said, xc that surely an authority might be securely vested in the parent or the guardian, as they mufl be conceived to be more capable, from superior reason and intelligence, of judging in this

A. 1721. DEBATES.

this important point for the happiness of those. intruded to their love and care. ' This was an argument which would certainly apply with as much justice and weight to despotism a ' s to parental authority. It was the argument constantly made use of by tyrants to justify their power " Why do you attempt to deny me power and despotic sway ? " fays the King of France, or any other unlimited monarch, surely I will exercise it for your benefit. What ! shall ploughmen be left to deliberate and decide on what is best for them ? Shall labourers—shall mechanics— ( hall the lowest and most ighdrpnt of the people be permitted to judge of government ? No, they kriow not what is good for them; place despotic authority in my hands, you may place it with confidence, as 1c Will be exercised with moderation, and you may a ) so be assured, that it will be held and employed only for your good. This wai always the delusive and weak plea for despot - ifrt ), and what was the answer of those who Hood up for the elevation of the species on the bafts of just government and common liberty ? "No, every man, even the lowest and the most ignorant labourer and mechanic knows best what is good for him to enjoy, and what is painful for him to suffer. No man can contrive his happiness and his comfort so well as himself, and therefore he will submit to no law in which he has not a voice either by himself or his representative. ’ This was the true doctrine of wiggifm, and it applied ay fully and effectually in this case, as it did in that of civil government. But it was immediately said, What ! would you permit a boy of fourteen, and a girl of twelve years of age to judge for themselves ? Would you suffer them to yield to the hasty emotions of deiire, and marry without the consent of their parents ? In all this fliie and train of reasoning, there was the most palpable deception People argued on this ground, as if there was no interval nor intermediate spacd between the age of fourteen and that of twenty - one. By this they endeavoured to divert the mind from the true confederation of thequestion. If Parliament in their vrifdom think it fit that there mould be a limitation, let them in the settling of that restriction consult the decorum of nature, and take her example for their guide. Let them from observation and experience affix to the right of marriage the period which the genital mother of mankind points out for its enjoyment, and not fufjjend it for seven or eight~of the most valuable years JYithe life of man. He had framed his bill indeed without sfny limitation in this respect; Sccause, being forced himself Vol. III. 4 L to

L,

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

to undertake the talk, he was under the necelfity of framing it agreeable to his own inclinations and l ' entiments on the subject; but though he thought that there should be no rendition whatever as to the tune of marriage, he was not so bigotted to his opinion on this part as to relict the sense of tlicHouse, and he would be ready to hear the opinions of gentlemen on this topic.

But there was another argument against this restriction, which in his opinion was of a very strong nature, and with which he could not by any means reconcile the conduit of the legislature in passing the Marriage All. The established religion of the land, the religion which they all respected and profelTcd, that of Protcftantism, did not admit of celibacy in any degree. It denied martiage to no human being, but cotifidered it as a divine institution for the ' wisest pur poics, which ought to be encouraged, not retarded by the laws of society. Could the legislature then, agreeable, to the solemn conllitution under which they had their authority, confident with the oaths which they had taken, and with; every obligation, moral and political, could they presume to alter or to innovate the religion of the kingdom ? Could they graft the inconvenient branches of Popery on the trunk of Protcftantism r No. The religion of the land in all its parts was sacred, and they had it not in their power to deprive their fellow subjects of one right enjoyed under the dilpensations of this religion. What did the Marriage A do } It established celibacy for a considerable part, and that to, as he had said, the mod valuable part of the life of man, unless he should submit to authority inconfident with human freedom and with British rights. Celibacy even for a time, when enjoined by arbitrary mandate, was contrary to our religion; the wife and the ' pure policy of which was to invite the species to matrimony, as the moll expedient and the hap - pied means of intercourse in society and of population on the earth. It wifely foresaw that no human inditutes could polfibly coun. te, radl the great purposes of nature, and seeing that the love of the lexes would promote their intercourlc, it wifely and properly appointed die ceremony of marriage, and it confined it to no ddcription of persons, but it extended it freely and fully to all. It was his iinecre opinion, that die population which took place in the world without mar - 11 age was inconvenient to a country, and never answered the purposes of general increase. The reasons were obvious to

C.

1781, D~ E B A T E S.

every common observer; and, in a stile of the descriptive, which we arc not able to imitate nor to report, he drew, and exhibited a couple in a state of connubial industry and felicity, and again the fame couple in a state of illicit debauchery and misery. The comparison had all the beauties of truth and all the energies of eloquence.

In that generous season, fays he, which this Marriage Act labours and intends to blast, a young man, a farmer, or an artisan, becomes enamoured of a frmale possessing, like himself, all the honest and warm affections of the heart. They have youth, they have virtu *, they have tenderness, they have love—but they have not fortune. Prudence, with her cold train of associates points out a variety of obstacles to their union, but passion surmounts them all, and the couple are wedded. What are the consequences ! happy to themselves and favourable to their country. Their love is the sweetner of domestic life. Their prospect of a riling family becomes an incentive to industry. Their mutual cares and their toils are softened by the extacy of affording protection and nourishment to their children. The husband feels the incitement in so powerful a degree, that he fees and knows the benefit of his application. Every hour that he works brings new accommodations to his young family. By labouring this day, he supplies one want, by labouring another, he imparts one conveniency or one comfort; and thus from day to day, and week to week, he is roused into activity by the most endearing of all human motives. The wife again, instigated by the fame desires, makes his house comfortable, and his hours of repose happy. She employs what he earns with ceconomy, and while he is providing food and raiment for his children, she is busied in the maternal cultivation of their minds, or the laudable exertion of their young hands in useful labour. Thus While they secure to themselves the most sober and tranquil felicity, they become by their marriage, amiable, active, and virtuous members of so - ciety.

v Lew the fame people in another light. Bound together in heart by the most ardent desires, and incited by their passion to marry without having any great prospect before them, their parents intervene, they are not arrived at t e age of twenty - one; under the authority of the Marria; e A&, their parents prevent their marriage. They restrain them from committing, agroeable to this law, the crime of matrimony without their consent,

44 Scd mttuere patrts quod non poUiiJJt vetari"

• 4 L They

L,

PARLIAMENTARY A - 7ft.

They may redrain them from marriage, but they have it net in their power to prevent their intcrcourse. The couple, re - drained in their desire of marriage, with a transiiion as na - tural as it is easy, give way to their inclinations, and a connexion ensues, in which there is mote of indiscretion than of guilt. What are the conferences ? Enjoyment fatiates thf man and ruins the woman 5 ( he becomes pregnant; he, prosecuted by the parish for the maintenance of the child, is initiated in ' a course of unsettled pursuits and of licentious gratifications. Having no incitement tQ indudry, he loses the disposition, and he either flies the place of his residence, to avoid the expence of the child, or he remains the corrupter and disgrace of his heighbourhood. The unhappy female, after differing all the contemptuous reproach of re lations and all the exulting censure of female acquaintances, is turned out of doors, and doomed to druggie with all the ills and difficulties of a strange and a ievere world. The mi - ferable wanderer comes to London, and here, after waiting perhaps in vain to procure some hospitable service, in which ( he might be able to retrieve or conceal her misfortune, ( hf is forced, much oftener by necessity than inclination, to jftin that unfortunate description of women, who seek a precarious subsistencfe in the gratification of loose desire Good God ! what are the miseries that ( he is not to undergo ! what are the evils that do not result to fociery ! but above all, what mud be the ' consolation of that lcg ' llature, who, from pride and avarice are mean enough to infliX such misfortunes on their country

The honourable gentleman said, that these observationt went chiefly to that part of the aX, which prohibited per ( bns from marrying before the age of twenty - one, without. the consent of parents or guardians. He had very determined objeXions to this dause j but it was not the part of which he principally objected. The nuHity was the abominable part of the bill, to which he could never by any means he reconciled. In a variety of the mod forcible arguments be shewed the fatal confluences that mud result from ' this provision. The inconveniencies and the calamities that mut be felt by families, in the loss of reputation and of fortune he had pointed out on a former day. He bad shewn, tha t under the profligate cruelty of ijiis law, the unhappy children of marriages not solemnised agreeable to all the restricr tions of this law, might he didurbed in their succession, and h d rdifed by a decision of the courts of Wcfttninder, years *

W

G.

i 8i D E B A T f E S « *

or perhaps generations, after the time. In the law - of iobe. - ritance, a prescriptive possession for sixty years quieted all other claims; but here there was no prescription, and confer quently there would and could be no security. After a famu }y had been in the unmolested possessiop of an estate for 5OP years, ( and at some time the ad will have lasted long ) flaw may be traced in the ceremony of an ancient marriage and, though generations have intervened, the pofltflors may be driven from the estates. This was an evil of the most fe - rious magnitude, against which the legislature could not tjo - •carefully provide. Even those great families of the aristo - cracy, who W ’ ere induced from pride and avarice to make and support this act, might one day be brought to feci, the danger of counterading the dispensations of nature, by suffering the confluences.

Thegreateft argument that had ever been advanced in favour of this nullity was, that indifferent young men and WQmcn fhotfld not be doomed to suffer, to the end of their lives, the consequences of one hasty a£ of passion, Then, examining the law on this ground, what did it do ? It provided relief for the consequences of one passion of the most amiable nature, the passion of love; but it removed the pof - fibiliry of conquering the effects, or of atoning for the Tafhness of other passions, the bale passions of pridCj anger, and avarice. A young couple, not et arrived at the age of twenty - one, induced by the strong, virtuous, and generous passion of love, marry without the consent of their parents. The parents, who have other ideas of happiness than those which are centered in love, are inflamed with mean and mercenary resentment, and in the violence of this bad passion, they procure the marriage to be declared null and void. The young couple, happy in themselves, overlook the disappoint - ment of fortune, and amidst a beautiful progeny, doomed though they are to the shamc and the penury of bnftards, experience all the delights which a marriage of the heart is calculated to bestow. Uut what is the fate of the miserabl ipifguided parents ? Their resentment having given way to time, their passions of pride, avarice, and anger, having softened into parental tenderness and forgiving contrition f seeing their children happy, and surrounded by a numerous offspring, they relent, and are anxious to undo what they have done, but in vain; in one rash, violent fit of pal - fion, they have jnadc the marriage null and void, and baf - terdifed the issue, and now no human power can tnake them

other wile.

630 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

otherwise. They may repent, but they cannot atone for their guil ^. They may die with the miserable reflection, that by their unfeeling conduit their children’s children will be deprived of their just tights, but they cannot live to prevent it, or to make them amends. Such then has been the wife forelight and the generous guardianship of Parliament : they have provided a remedy for the indilcrcet exercise of an amiable passion, but they have taken care to prevent the pof - fihility of remedying or of atoning for the ralh and unjust violence of a bad passion. The errors of the son are to be, fullered for a day; the guilt of the parent is to endure for

ever.

The honourable gentleman dwelt with great energy on ( e - veral of the calamities to be suffered by this provision of rendering the marriage null and void, and said that there was no alleviation of the consequences to be procured, nor no remedy, as the ad now flood. He particularly adverted again to the argument urged by Mr. Ambler, that property was a natural right, and ought to be considered in settling an union between the sexes. He abhorred the idea of making property a consideration in wedlock, and of assuming artificial distin&ions in this respell as an obstacle and objection to union, ' He mentioned the recent case of a right honourable couple which had come before the Lord Chancell, r, ( he meant the case of Lord William Gordon and the honourable Mil ' s Irvine ); when that decision was made, he confefied he was at first tempted, notwithstanding the reverence which he had for his eminent abilities and integrity, to blame him for the doctrine which he held, but he was taught to consider the decision, which he made, as the result of the act. He was not the guardian of the lady; jhere was only vested in him, by means of this act, a fort of guardianship with respect to the property of the lady. The example served, however, to convince him of the extreme absurdity of such a mode of deciding on the propriety and impropriety of an union. That a person, whole habits and employment in life chiefly confined as they were to Chancery luits, should be appointed as the arbiter of matrimony, and that men and women should be brought before him, that it might be argued and debated whether 90c ). a year was a proper match for 1500I. a year; and whether 530b a year on the one side, and 700I. a year on the other, with lbme advantages on this fide, and some disadvantages on that fide, were lit matches for each

othpr,

A. 1781. - D _. E B A T E S.

other; and these should or ought to be cpnfiderations for preventing the alliance of two rational beings, whose happinefo was to confid in their attachment to each other in the mind, and not in their casual situation with respect to fortune, was. to him the mod absurd and the mod ridiculous doctrine that could possibly be imagined. He fully believed that the Lord Chancellor had upon that occasion done his duty in following the distates of the law in the case he had mentioned; but it was an argument which ought to convince the ? House that such a power ought not to be edabli filed, since in fast it went to make marriage a mere matter of calculation, which a grave, rigid lawyer, who having gained the bench of a court of law, may be supposed to have got the better of the passions and sensibilities of love, may decide with truth and accuracy. He wished to relcue matrimony from the disgrace of being a scheme of traffic, and to redore it to its jud dignity, nature, dnd end, an alliance of love, of sentiment, and of sympathy.

He took notice of a circumdance which he had forgot to mention before; but though it was out of place, it would not be out of season, and that was, that when guardians ftpod up in opposition to the marriage of their wards with the menjOf their hearts, they generally did it from motives of personal intered, and they seldom failed of producing the purposes which they had in view; for by preventing their marriage they generally induced them to wed some friend or relation of their own, for. the lake of their fortune, to the ruin perhaps of their peace nd tranquility for life. The honourable gentleman, after many other arguments of the mod admirable nature, came to a conclusion, and said, that, being unwillingly made the person to whom the talk was committed of introducing this bill into the House, he had framed it, as he had said, agreeable to his own desires, which were undoubtedly for the total repeal of every part of the Marriage Act, except the regider. But as he knew well the force and effects of prejudice on the human mind, that ] n time it became a part of our nature, and was too powerful either for the force of reason or of truth to over -, come, he was willing to abate a great deal of what was pro -

Eer, in order to secure what was practicable. He wished to ear the fenpments of gentlemen on the subject; to receive their allidance; to be indrufted how it might be modified in dich a manner as to conciliate itself to the severe prejudices

63 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

dices of the other House, that at least a part, if ndt the tfholc, of the evils might be overcome.

He was particularly anxious to take away the nullity. If that cohld be affected, which was the most material in its consequcnCes, he should not be so drift and eager about the period of limitation. At the same time he declared, that if he failed. He should not despair; he would watch times and seasons, and he pledged himself that if ever he obl ’ erved a moment favourable for the repeal of the act he would embrace it, in the persuasion that the Parliament of this country could not long remain so ablurd or so ignorant as to give their Support to such a law. lA. Nummt. Lord Nugent said, that he feared, from the lateness of the season, that there might be ground for the Lords to object to the bill. He laid, he had dated dmrlar fears with regard to the opposition of the minider, which he knew to have bCcn very fatal upon a former occasion to a firnilar bill. He could have wi filed it to come on at another season, but come on when it would, he could not so belie his principles as to be fijent upon this subject. He saw three different clalfes fot whom it was necessary legally to provide a remedy; those, whom the deficiency of the law had, which was now the case, unmarried; those who by accident were married without all the necessary formalities, and who consequently were liable to be unmarried; and those whom the guilt of their husband had unmarried : these there ought to be an immediate remedy for; and if there were not, the present act would be defi eient; for of all the injuries to which this act was liable to give rife, none in his opinion were so bad as this, that a young fellow when under age might marry an unsuspecting girl, and when he came of age abolish the union by law, afteC he was tired of the possession. Shall a bill be provided without being general ? Yet this has been the Cafe of the Marriage Act; for it never thinks to preserve Jenny or Molly with her twenty guineas clinking against a silver thimble; its only attention is to Lady Jenny or Lady Mary. He couM not fee the advantage of a three weeks quarantine before the vessel could get into port, only because file was richly laden He sincerely wifiied he could get Dr. Price to calculate the loss population was doomed to undergo by such a quarantine He said that the House of Commons was not a place to talk in such a manner of a reparation, for theic aristocracy; if it were so, let them have a call for themselves, that we may I fee

Jkh. ijSi DEBATES

fee new chalkstones hobbling into futurity with all th ? ir fathers honours thick upon them.

The House then divided on the motion for the second reading of the bill, when the minister was left in a minority. Ayes 90; noes 27.

The House then went into a committee on the Chcoa - nut and Chocolate bill, and a short debate ensued *

Sir Grey Cooper stated, that false permits had of late been sir

obtained by persons who dealt in teas, by which means largec « f ' quantities were frequently smuggled, and passed upon the revenue officers as tea on which duty had been paid, to the great detriment of the East India ’ Company and the fair trader. In order to prevent this for the time to come, Sir Grey had inserted a clause, by which no dealer in tea could send to a customer any quantity exceeding 2olb. and this rule, he thought, would render all smuggling of tea very difficult, as the bags carried by the smugglers horses were generally to the weight of 1361b.

Mr. Alderman Bull procured an alteration of this clause; Wr. and Sir Grey Cooper agreed, that dealers in tea should allowed to fend it in one or more quantities, not exceeding 4Clb. each, under a permit, provided a permit was sent with each parcel.

Sir Grey Cooper Hated another great abuse that had taken Sir place, and for the remedying of which he had inserted a clause. It had been a practice with many of the distillers, in the absenqe of the officer of the customs, to mix a quantity of brandy with water, and when he came to make a survey, and take his duty, he was told to charge for the brandy, which the officer could not do, not knowing what quantity had been put in In order to obviate this in future, it is enacted in the bill, that when this is found to be the case, the whole quantity of liquor shall be charged with duty, and the distillers made to pay the penalty.

Another thing by which the revenue loft every year an immense sum was, that very frequently when the office ? came to take flock, he found the geneva or gin to be amazingly encreased in quantity, upon - which he was told that water had heen mixed with it since he had been there last *

Sir Grey said, he had no obje£lion to any distiller lowering his gin, in order to suit his customers, but then he could not fee any reasonable objection to his mixing the water with it in the presence of the officer. This was approved of, and the clause accordingly passed.

PARLIAMENTARY A. I7&

Sir Grey also mentioned another gross and common irapo - fition practised with impunity against excise laws. Three people, he said, made it their business to take a house ' amongst them, and would have a still, wash, and grain, in three separate parts, so that the officer not finding therii together, was riot able to prove any thing against them to conviction,. for the still being only for two gallons, wa§ cocfc - questly within the act, and the people had generally an iron gate, and two or three doors to the house, so that before the officer could get in, they found means to place the still, grain, and wash in different places, by which means he could never find them distilling, which it was necessary for him to do "before he could prosecute them for the penalty. Sir Grey laid, it was unknown what the revenue suffered by this, for the moment the officer turned back the people went to iheir dirty work again; and though they distilled large quantities of spirits, and fold it to the great distillers, whenever the officers came they were all quiet; there was nothing to be found but Abel Druggcr, Subtle, and Doll Common, to unriddle the alchvmv. This Sir Grey thought an abuse thst ought to be remedied, and therefore had introduced a clause > n the bill for that purpose, though at present it would lie ncqdUry, he lately to prove that ' those people who used private dills, actually fold spirits to convict them of the penalty. This, however, Would not interfere with the use of private stills kept by housekeepers of large families, for the purpose of distilling simple waters, and other things. Sir Grey farther observed, that he did not m£an th t this ctauie mould extend to Scotland, where many families could not live without making use of a small still; he thought, however, that the principle of the clause should be pr served, and the, people of Scotland restrained from exporting any spirits produced by these stills. Clauses for those several purposes were accordingly passed.

Sir Grey next went upon the distilling of spirits for exportation, in‘Which branch of the distftlcr’s business great impositions, he laid, had been used. All that was meant was, to prevent the distiller from using for home consump - tion any spirits he might have distilled for exportation bc - cause for that a draw - back of the duty was allowed him. Ia order to this, the principal distiller and the officers of the excise and customs had agreed, that in a certain given quantity of wash, so much spirits should be allowed; and as in funimer the fermentation was greater than in winter, the

dmilkr

' Pf ^ A; s. 6 5

iftiller was allowed one gallon - of spirits from fix of corn in AihiltiWH, ' aft < § ow §kllbh oht of seven Sh winter.

Mr. Dfmpjltrhop d that this clause would not extend tOMr. Daw/.

S&tntHdi as the barley there was greatly inferior \o what/ ' - Khglahd produced, and consequently could not yield the fa. me quantity of f ) > irits from the same quantity ofTwafh.

feVeJr ‘CoopfcrWas not inclined to fall in with the opinion sir of the honourable gentleman, as the clause pnly went to re - c « 9 r - gulatethe drilling of spirits for exportation; and in Scot - [ aQ < Jf as far as he had been given to understand, no spirits 5 ? < qre ever distilled for exportation.

Mr Demp/Ier said it did not follow from that, that it Mr.

would never begone, and at any rate he did not fee why the door should be ( hut in the teeth of Scotland, so as to hrcclud ? her from distilling for exportation whenever Ihc UXOuId fipd it for her interest so to do.

Lord North was willing to shew every indulgence in his hi. North, powbrtb the people of Scotland; but as they never difiille

/or. exportation, he did not fee what occasion there was for restraiuing the clause From affecting Scotland, especially as. j&edjft tilers in England, who really distilled for exportation, were very Wf 11 satisfiea with the regulation that had taken place.

Mr, Bthpficr was equally jocose and sarcastic on the minister and treafqry bench, who ought, he thought, to re - ' r‘ meibber their friends of Scotland in the bill before them, as the j had always been ready to do the minister and his adherents &hy kindness in their power.

fterjpme farther debate, Mr. Dempster moved, that it fee a clause in tire laid bill to exempt Scotland from the regulation made, respecting the quantity of spirits to be drawn From wash used by distillers. # t

Ar o Lffi expressed great anger, that in a bill, entitled, Mr. lWji * A Bill for Cocoa and Chocolote, " any daufc should be inserted respecttng ., the excise and customsj or the public re - enue ^. With such fallacious titles, it \yas impossible he said. that gentlemen should knowhow to guard against any, thing, th t ' mights affect the interest of their constituents.

& jqf in8 ri < e, lwnen a bill was said to be upon cocoa and chocolate, t; whp. could suppose that ny tiling would be iqueeaed into it about barley and corn, and tea, and tjbe W oLe branch of distillery r The hoflQufable. gentleman was

• V > T #r d gt when hc fccrejtary of ffrcjitury brought

/• / : * M jn 3rf W. Ja

le

1

PARLIAMENTARY

A rftti

in a bill for preventing smuggling, he should be guilty of smuggling himself *

The question was then put, that the clause should be brought up, and the committee divided thereon when there appeared for the question 5; against it 39.

The House was then resumed; and adjourned to the 18th.

June i8

The House went into a committee of supply, when Lord Rorth moved, that the sum of 3, 200, 0001. be granted to his Majesty for paying off navy bills. Ordered. —The noble Lord also moved, that the sum of 5, 2001. be granted for the benefit of the sufferers by the late fires in the month of June, 1780, whose Losses did not amount to more than tool, each, Thcfc sums were too small for the parties to go to law about, and not less than 160 persons would be relieved by this grant This vote was also agreed to, and this closed the supply for the ycarf

The House being resumed went into a committee of ways anJ means, when Lord North rose, and enumerated all the sums of the supply of the current year. He stated the articles separately, and the totals were.

For the navy there had been voted For the ordnance, including the land and fca service, and both the estimates For the army, including ordnaries and extraordinaries — —

For paying off Exchequer bills, charged on the aids of the present year - -

For paying off Exchequer bills, granted by a vote of credit - - -

For the civil establishments of the Plantations -

For miscellaneous services, and deficiencies of former grants, amounting in the whplc to r

, £ X. i

5

1, 3, 6, 484 7 I

7 > 8 5 54 ° ll

3, 400, 000 0 Q

1, 000, 000 0 0

19, 000 0 0t

1, 288, 790 16 of

£g3 > 776 ° 93 o

The total amount of the supplies fot the current year wras 3, 776, 093 ], os. 1 idf, Beftdc this there w s thefuro lent by the Bank for the renewal of their charter of 2, 000, 0001. which was to go to the paying off navy bills; and by which means, with the sum inducted hi tb$ aids of the year, there

would

A. 17S1 D E BATES.

would would be the sum of 5, 400, 000 !. of the navy debt paid off. But these two millions were not to be included in the estimates of the year to be provided for by Parliament, as they were not to be charged on the aids of 1784. The noble Lord then enumerated the several grants of ways and means, and Hated that the sum already voted towards the supply wa in the whole 21, 423, 6511. 28. 5d. There yet1 remained fbveral sums to be voted, and which he meant to move for on this day. The first article was the surplus sum of the ( ink - ing fund, beside what was already voted, which was 700, 060 and odd pounds. He Hated the average amount of that sum; and from that calculation he deduced that he might charge it with the farther sum, towards the supply of the year,

of 1, 742, 912 2 2

Betides this there was the sum of balances in the hands of the accountants, by the reports of the commission of accounts, this was 450, 000b but of this sum 2 part would be required for the passing of their accounts. He would therefore

take the sum of — 400, 000 O O

There was also a sum of balances in the bands of accountants, audited and pafl, but not paid into the Exchequer, 29, 701 17 9J

The balance to be paid by the East India Company —— - 402, 000 o o

A fmali sum anting from three articles, the sale of ceded lands, Frcnch prizes, &c. 14, 000 o o

This sum amounted in the whole to 2, 588, 613 19 il£ And which, added to the former grants of — — 21, 423, 651 2 5

Made the total of ways and means 24, 012, 265 2 4 The supply amounted to 23, 766, 093 e ii

And there was therefore a surplus of ways and means above Che supply, of 246, 172b is. 5fd.

This surplus he thought would be necessary to be left in the bands of the Exchequer, to answer for any exigencies that might occur without being foreseen. He had Hated federal occasions that might arise for this sum. The noble Lord said that this concluded the supply and Ways and Means of live year. Having done ibis, be moved for the sums which

hp

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 *

he had dated to be unvoted, and whish were granted without anyupposition or debate *

Read the iecond time the Bank Charter Bill Adjourned *

> 9 *

LvdNsrtb : ord North brought down a message from his

’ purporting, that the exigences of affairs might probably re -, quire a larger support for carrying on the war during the lummer recess than that already made, for providing which be trusted in the zeal of his faithful commons.

Ordered, That this House will resolve itself into a committee of the whole House to - morrow, to c ’ onflder of thfe said message.

The bill for new modelling thfe Supreme Coiitt of Judicature in Bengal, was then read a second time *

UtDunning Mr. Dunning expressed the ftrohgeft dlfapprobation of the bill, as well from its contents as from the knowledge he had of the integrity of the Judged, Whose conduct wis cenlbned by the bill, though they had riot been heard in their defence, and consequently every principle of jallice was violated with regard to them; as convictiort and puftishment which was

that there was not one to Which he tould give his assent, ex -, cipt that by which the governor ariji cOiihcll of Bengal were to be indemnified for the opposition they had [ riven to the execution of the judges decrees Jt went to establish a despotib power in the govertior - gcnetal and council AibVerfiVe 6f all lljberfy, and totally inconsistent with the eonriitution, or with human freedom. "

Sir KicbnrJ Ficbtnrd Sutton rpoke agiibft the bill OpOrt the tame

Sum *. grounds, and infilled that as it wd& contrary to juAite, to condemn even the guilty unheard; fb it was still greater, Wtre} ) ‘the ihriocent Were condemned without a trial; and that the judges in India Were innocent; was i fa& which ' he w&uld pledge himselfto prove. .; : j -

Mr. Burke, in answer to these objections, observed, that "r ur the honourable gentleman Who spoke hit admitted some parts of the bill to be necellkryj : it was a bobiplete answer so is learned friend’s oppositibrt fh is stagfc of the business; for in a committee every exceptionable part might be ftafck out. He therefore declined troubling the Hbofe with a full. difeuflion of the several clause9 on this bccasion, but pledged himself to vindicate them allfnbfttfntialty ill the cdmniittee.

{ > tnerul

r

A. 178 *. \t ) ' tB ' A T £• '

« 39

GeneralSmith fed, that as chairman of the committee, ! ft Gest should think hicnf < £ f pledged to shew the House that all the allegations of their Report had been proved.

felt the greatest indignation at seeing such a bifl patronized or defended by any one; it militated against everjr. principle of justice arfffeqpity; and he could not but feel for die House, when he saw that the judges ’ of the fairest chf - rajfter, whose integrity flood totally unimpeached, experienced a treatment that the wo rf ’ of felons in this country could never be ex posed to —that 6f being conedmned unheard. Thp bill then was of so unjust a nature, he should hold himself unworthy of the fume oflegislator if he should give his assent to •any part of it.

The Speaker tljen ptrt ! the question, € < that this bill be committed. " r It was carried without a division.

General ' Smith then moved, that it be - committed on Fri - G « i. Smith, day next; and Mr. DurifftFng moved by way of amendment, that the words on this day three months, be inferred in the room Of Friday next; the amendment however was rejected,

' and the original question carried without a division. /

June 20.

The Hopfe resolved irfelf into a committee of Ways and Means, and the following message from his Majesty was re~ fefred tp them.

44 Gjlohge R.

c < His Majesty, relying on the experienced ta ! and affoc ' - trdn of his faithful Commons, and ;, Conlidesirtg that itv thi critical conjuncture, emergencies may arise which may be of the utmost importance, and be attended with the most daiv - gerousconsequences, if proper means shoulS not be mimed i - •ately applied to prevent or defeat them, is deftrous that this Hotffe will enable him to defray any extraordinary expence *, incurred ' or to be incurred on account of the military for the fewice of the year 17S1, and to take all fuels measuree as the exigency of affairs may require.

G.

Lord North moved, that the committee would enable the Lord AWrt. Kipg, by a vote of credit of i, coo, ooool. to take such measures as the exigency of affairs might require.

Sir Edward AJlley expressed his fur prize, how ministers afte having already obtained grants to the amount of 24, 000, 000 ?. *

440 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

could think of making a farther demand of 1, 003, 0001. and his wonder was the greater, as the fefliop had jailed so long, that there could be but a short incermiflFAn between the next, and the present session of Parliament; beside the station was so impoverished, that even men of the reateft estates felt the consequences of the war; for he kne\y of an estate that bad been bought for 1000I. and had been lately fold for no more than 400I.

Ifr. ? « rwr Jr# Turner was surprised that miaifiers could be so auja cious as to call for another million after so many millions had been already voted. He promised his constitucntt

never to vote for any supply in consequence of the American war, and he would never break his promise; consequently, he would vote against the present motion. The vote of credit passed.

The bill for making trw electors of the land - tax pay their collections by a given time, or forfeit their poundage gas next read.

Mr. Stjtk Mr. St, Andrew St. John argued against it; and by arithmetical calculations shewed, that if the bill should pals, the place of a collector of the land - tax in some counties would not be worth 15I. a year; and, that consequently no man of character would undertake that office.

Li. Nvjnt.. Lord Nugent, on the contrary, maintained, that let the salary of the collectors be what it might, ( till the employment would be lucrative; for most of the collectors were bankers, and turned the public money to account while it remained in their hands; and such as were not bankers, got such a premium for placing, their money in banks, that they derived emoluments from this kind of commerce much greater than their salaries.

LwtdNcrtb. Lord North admitted, that if the bill should pass, the place of a commissioner would be lei ' s beneficial than it is at pre - ient; and therefore, in order to balance the lofTcs and gains between the collectors and the public, he would if he could, draw a line between the counties near London, those that > were more remote, and those that were most remote. That, however, would require much time and industry, and as the year was now pretty far advanced, and the public conle quently could not gain rtiych for the present year if the bill mould now pars, he had no objection that it mould be passed over another feiUon; and to this purpose he moved, that the next reading should be adjourned for three months; the motion was carried, and the bill of couifc fell for the present.

io.

A

A. i > 8t. D K "B A T E S. 64 *

Mr. ftx brought up ' a petition from the American prifan - Mt - fut ' ers in Mill - prison, Plymouth; fettiner forth, that they were treated with less humanity than the French and Spaniards, though, by reason that they had no agent established in this country for their protection, they were entitled to expect even a larger share of indulgence than others; that they had not a sufficient allowance of bread, and were very scantily furnished with clothing. This petition being read, Mr *

Fox moved, that it might be referred to a committee, and the commissioners of sick and hurt be called upon to account for their conduct.

Mr. jBL Gaftoyne, without opposing the motion, begged Mr. < 7j/ - leave to observe, that there was a material difference between French prisoners taken in war, and Americans committed for high - treason under the authority of an act of Parliament.

This produced a witty altercation between the honourable gentleman and Mr. Burke, who pleasantly remarked, that though an act of ' Parliament could establish the assize of bread, it could not limit the size of a man’s stomach; and it did not follow, that a prisoner of war, as such, would could eat more than one committed by a Secretary of State’s warrant. He begged the honourable gentleman, who did not himself seem to be fed by act of Parliament, would measure the stomachs of these poor men by his own, and then undoubtedly they would not fail of receiving an ample allowance.

Mr. Gascoigne in reply, said that the honourable gentleman had fbme envy at his big belly, and was apparently chagrined that his own dimensions were no larger; he was sure that if the honourable gentleman fed in proportion to his abilities, he would be the biggefl man in the House; but he was sorry to fee him, on the contrary, so very meagre on this occasion.

The petition was then ordered to be taken into considera tion on Ti efday next, and the commissioners of lick and hurt to attend on that day.

The order of the day being read for the House to refblve itself into a committe on the bill to explain and amend the Marriage - aft; the Speaker, on motion, left the chair, and General Burgoyne took his feat at the table. Wr

Mr. Fox moved a clause, by which persons were declared marriageable without the consent of parents and guardians,

$t the ages, the woman of sixteen, and the man of eighteen, apd that all marriages solemnized at an earlier age of each Vox, III, & 4N of

« 4 PARLIAMENTARY 17S1&

of the parties should be null and void. Mr. Fox said his own opinion was so strong against fixing the age so high, and in favour of fixing it much earlier, that he could not divide in support of his own motion, should the sense of the committee be taken upon it, but that he bowed to the prejudices of mankind, and merely from a hope that by paying so much respect to them he should secure the safety of his bill, he had contented to introduce the clause he had moved, and respe&ing the fate of which the committee would determine as they thought proper.

LotdMafon. Lord Mahon said he would move as an amendment, to alter the ages to eighteen the woman, and twenty - one the

Mr. JD « *.

nirtg.

Mr. Fut.

Lord Bum

man.

Mr. Dunning said, he should vote against both the clause and the amendment, because he thought them both wrong. Mr. Dunning was for fufFering young women to marry at fifteen, declaring, that they were as ripe for marriage then as at a more advanced age.

Mr. Fox shewed his learned friend that, according to his clause, it was those only who married without consent of guardians that were to be restrained till the man was eighteen and the girl sixteen. Under the Marriage - act, young folks marrying with consent of parents and guardians might marry as early as his learned friend wished. Mr. Fox said farther, that it was to refeue the young ladies from the influence and tyranny of guardians and parents that he chiefly wished to introduce this clause. If the committee would agree that young ladies might be marriageable at an earlier age, he had no objection to enacting that the young men mould wait longer.

• Lord Beauchamp called the attention of the House to the Tcaodalous manner in which licences were procured. He said the custom was, for either of the parties to go to Doctor s - commmons. That the business was generally left to a proctor ' s clerk, who acted only ministerially, and muftfvvear the parties, without any power to examine into the truth of what they swore. That thus a young woman would make an affidavit that the young man to whom she was going to be married, was of age, and he would do the fame, versa. "So that perjury was frequently committed, and then some rime after the marriage, if cither party repented, they had nothing to do but to prove ' diat one of them was not of age when married, and the marriage was instantly annulled. Thus perjury was fhft committed, and a mockery was afterwards

43

A. 1781

DEBATES.

wards made of a most serious ceremony. His Lord ship wished that marriage was put under some such regulation as matters of property. If an estate had been in the quiet possession of his family for sixty years, he was pretty sure it would descend to his heir, but if he had been married ever so long, how could he be allured but that a huhdred years hence, it would be discovered, that his marriage was informal in some particular, as had lately been the case with regard to some thousands of marriages, to legalize which he had lately carried a bill up to the other House of Parliament

He hoped to fee a clause introduced, ordaining that every marriage which had been solemnized for a limited time, should be declared legal on that account only, and should not remain as it now was, liable to impeachment, and to being nullified, whenever an error in point of formality was discovered.

Mr. Fox took advantage of what Lord Beauchamp had Mr. said, and declared, that among the various evils originating from the Marriage - actr, that wicked encouragement to perjury Hated by the noble Lord, was not the lean. \

Mr. Courtenaye argued in favour of Lord Mahon’s amend - Mr. Cwn *

ment. He said, the great view of the bill, he conceived to y be, to encourage population; he shewed from reasoning, both physical and metaphylical, that it would have an of - polite effect, if young women were allowed to marry early as the age of sixteen. He quoted RouiTeau in support of his argument, and contended, that if young women married lb early in life, they bore children almoH immediately, which impaired the mother’s health, and weakened her conHitution so much that she left off child - bearing very soon, and thus the delired end, the encouragement of population, was defeated. Mr. Courtenaye reprobated the Marriage act, and said, he never heard of any laws having so pernicious an effect as that Hated by the noble Lord, who had spoken laH but one; for it appeared, that if the parties committed perjury, they could be married, which was what they wanted, and if they afterwards told the truth, the marriage was ab - solved.

Mr. Turner said he need not quote Rousseau; it was Mr. 9 r rJi enough for him to quote his own grandmother, who had fix children by the time ( he was twenty. Mr. Turner spoke in favour of free, unreHrained marriages, with that liberality and manly Hile of argument which always diHinguilhes his parliamentary speeches.

4 N 2

Lord

644 PARLIAMENTARY Aw 1781.

U. Nug ( rt, Lord Nugent Hated Ac case of a man who lived neat hit house, and who had three big bellies laid to him at one time, each of the females claiming a promise of marriage; at last, he fa id, he himself paid for the licence for one of them, and the thirty shillings carried the election, the man marrying the one for whom he had purchased the licence. He imputed this, and the various fornications practised by footmen and maid - servants, all to Ac clause in the Marriage - aft, which ordained that banns should be proclaimed on three Sundays His Lordship also talked about a child of twelve years of age being allowed to marry so early, and said it was wrong. Ix was allowing little mil ' s to throw alide her jointed doll, and divine : her leave to dandle a doll of her own making. HU Lordship Hated, that young men were fit for marriage at four teen years of age.

Mr. Skeri - Mr Sheridan said, gentleman were so inveterate against the

Marriage - aft, Aat in the heat of their zeal they teemed to argue as if that act was designed to prevent marriages, when it was undoubtedly true, that to encourage marriages of a regular and proper tort, was its real aim and intention. He said, his honourable friend, who brought in Ae bill, appeared not to be aware, that if he carried the clause, enabling girls to marry at sixteen, he would do an injury to that liberty of which he had always shewn himself the friend, and promote domestic tyranny, which he could consider only as little lets intolerable Aan public tyranny. If girls were allowed to marry at sixteen, they would, he conceived, be abridged of that happy freedom of intercourse which modern custom had introduced between the youth of both sexes, and which was, in his opinion, the beH nursery of happy marriages. Guardians would, in that cafc, look on their wards with a jealous eye, from a fear that footmen, and those about them, might take advantage of their tender years and immature judgment, and persuade them into marriage, as soon as they attained the age of sixteen. In like manner young men, when mere boys, in a moment of patfion, however ill - directed, or perhaps in a moment of intoxication, might be prevailed upon to make an imprudent match, and prob -

ably be united to a common prostitute. Mr. Sheridan said he was ready to admit, that the Marriage Act had some ab - surd clauses in it, but he could not agree, that the whole of that act, was so impolitic or so productive either of mischief or of inconvenience, as to Hand in need of a total repeal.

4

Mr.

JLi7 r. DEB AT E a 64J

Mr. Fox said, he had £b often reprobated and refuted the Mr F -

Ibile of reasoning upon which his honourable friend’s argument was built, that had it come from a less respectable quarter he would have taken no notice of it. His honour able friend, he declared, had so much ingenuity of mind that he could cootrive to give an argument what turn he pleased; he wondered not therefore, when what he said, was really in support of domestic tyranny, he should ground it on a wish to preserve liberty. If the matter of his honourable friend’s arguments had been upon public tyranny, it would have been just as good reasoning as that which had been so often held out, and so often refuted, viz. that it was best to secure an appearance only of freedom, the better to further the purposes of despotism. In like manner it had been said, on another occasion, " meetings and associations alarm government, therefore abstain from them, give up real liberty merely to preserve the appearance of freedom. "

Sir Edward Jfilcy and Sir William, were for the Sir

age of eighteen and twenty - one, and for obliging banns be published. Sir William said, human nature was made up of two parts, reason and pailion; the latter was most active, and therefore it was wife to give time for the former to operate, and not to encourage marriages determined on in a moment, and repented for years after they were completed.

Mr. j Fox and Lord Mahon were up several times each. Mr. F « rand The latter said he would never agree, that any marriageLd should be rendered null by act of Parliament after it was consummated.

At leoth the committee divided. Ayes, ( for Mr. Fox t motion ) 36; nocs ( for Lord Mahon’s amendment ) 7.

After farther debate the other clauses were gone through.

The House rose at ten o ’ clock.

June 21.

As soon as the report of the resolution of the committee of supply ( for granting his Majesty a vote of credit of a million ) was brought up and read,

Mr. Fox rose and laid, he should not discharge his duty Mr. Ft *, to his constituents, if he suffered that vote to pass wholly Unnoticed. The House had, in the course of the session voted upwards of twenty millions for the support of the war; a sum considerably larger than had ever been voted in any one preceding fession, and for a pUTpose the most detestable, for the carrying on of a war of the most unjust, the most

ruinous.

PARLIAMENTARY a. 17 f#

Tuinous, and the most useless kind. Where was the object of it ? Ministers themselves hacj acknowledged they had none. In regard to America, they had confessed they had not a hope of l ' uccefs. When they went down into the country, ( if they were to be allowed any recess, ) and faced their constituents, it would be naturally aiked, for what they had voted so enormous a sum ? The answer must be, the war is extensive, and of neceflitywe were obliged to provide large fleets and large armies Their constituents would then say, " Well, so we suppose; but then, what have those fleets and armies done ? Tell us something of the viflories they have gained. " " What reply, ( laid Mr. Fox ) can we make ? Where are we to find cause for triumph ? Our fleets have been notoriously inferior to those of the enemy in every part of the world. A large and valuable fleet from St. Eu - statius has been captured under our very nose in the chops of the English Channel; and since that time, the Jamaica fleet, contrary to the practice of the last war, had teen obliged to seek their safety in a tedious passage, north about. " What was this, but a plain indication that we are not even mailers of our Channel, and that we were as weak and de - fenceless at home as we have proved iihpotent and unfuc - cefsful abroad. One victory indeed, one only victory, we had to boast; the paltry advantage gained over the French at St. Jago, and yet when the circumstances of that victory were considered, there remained but little cause for triumph. For what was the fast ? With a great superiority in point of weight of metal, Commodore Johnstone, who in his speeches in mat House was so ready to prescribe rules for fighting to others, had barely acted defenftvely, and had even forborne to seize that advantage which in his own letter he dates to have had in his power, viz. to capture a ship which lay dif - masted on the water, and from her situation must have been almost incapable of making a defence. This shewed the difference between theory and practice, and that speaking well and fighting well were distinct faculties.

Before he fat down, he said, he was aware that this was not a time to make an opposition to a vote of supply, because, as the House had determined to prosecute the war, hopeless as it was, it was necessary that fleets and armies should be provided. He hoped to God, however, that gentlemen ( those, lie meant, with whom he had the honour to act ) would attend early in the next leflion, in order to negative every attempt that ministers should dare make, to

continue

A 178

DEBATES.

647

continue any longer a war which had drained this country of her resources, and which was not more oppressive than foolish, and impolitic, in its conduct, and likely to be dif - graceful and ruinous in its consequences.

Lord North said, he would not take up much of the time loti of the House; indeed the honourable gentleman had himself made it unnecessary, by declaring, that this was not the fit moment for opposition, and that he meant not to oppose the motion. What he wished to take notice of was, the honourable gentleman’s observation respecting the supposed inferiority of our fleets and armies, an assertion which he must beg lea ? e to contradict. The contrary was notoriously the fad; in America and in the West - Indies our fleets weie superior to those of the enemy. Under Commodore John - stone, the honourable gentleman had himself confessed, our fleet was superior to that of the enemy. Nor was it difficult to point out other instances of our success at sea. We had lately relieved Gibraltar, which was certainly no inconsiderable proof of our power, because Gibraltar, gentlemen well knew, was the great object of one branch at least of the House of Bourbon, and that no pains had been spared on their part to take it from us. The honourable gentleman thought Gibraltar had relieved itself. Undoubtedly the gar - rilbn behaved very gallantly, but then the House would recoiled, that our fleet enabled them to sustain the siege. Our fleet carried out ammunition, provision, and stores to Gibraltar, without which the garrison could not only not have made that resistance and defence, which they had made, but they could not even have existed. With regard to the Jamaica fleet coming north - about, he had already, in that House, been called upon to account for the loss of the fleet from St. Euftatius; he would account now, therefore, for the Jamaica fleet’s coming north about. The fame frigates that were sent to give the St. Euftatius fleet notice of their danger, and unfortunately miffed of them, were likewise commissioned to proceed till they met the Jamaica fleet, and Xo desire the convoy to go north - about. Unfortunately they met the Jamaica fleet, and effected the purpose for which they were dispatched. Had they miffed of it, the Jamaica fleet would have been home much sooner, and with equal safety, Admiral Darby’s force, now at sea, being much superior to any fleet France or Spain had in the British Chan - jDcl, or near it. With refjped to ’ what the honourable gen -

tleman

PARLIAMENTARY A. 178V,

tleman had said in regard to Commodore Johnstone, and the affair at St. Jago, he could not hear an attack made on an officer of so much ability, so much zeal for the honour of Great Britain, and so much ( kill, in his absence, and when he could not defend himself, without doing him the justice to say a word or two in reply. Commodore Johnstone, on several occasions, had shewn a readiness to do all in his power to serve his country. Of his uncommon talents, the House had had many proofs. His character Hood high in the minds of the public, as a man of great parts, and great integrity. He had carried his abilities into active service, and had added distinguished success to the catalogue of pretensions to di£ tinguished fame. In the affair at St. Jago he had shewn his eagerness to gain advantages for his country. He had conduced himself with gallantry, and he had gained his point. The result of the engagement might strike the honourable gentleman in a different light; to him it appeared a matter greatly to the credit of the Commodore, greatly to the advantage of his country. The Commodore had repelled the enemy with considerable loss on their part, he had preserved the squadron under his command, and he had pro - te&ed the East Indiamen under his convoy. The honourable gentleman had been pleased to arraign the war, and to reprobate it in terms of general censure. He would venture to say, that Great Britain never was engaged in a war so just,

- so necessiry as the present. A combination, dangerous from the number of the combining parties, and powerful in each, was formed against this country. We were fighting therefore for our importance, for our situation, for our exigence ! Nor could he conceive how any gentleman could ferioefly 1 contend, that the war was a wanton one on our parts, when it was notorious that we had been forced into it, and that we had unwillingly taken up arms to repel the most unprovoked insults, ingratitude, and rebellion. His Lordship declared, J that those who preached up the doctrine of despair, shewed; themselves regardlcfs of the interests and enemies to the prof - peri ty of their country. At present every nerve of the country must be exerted, since nothing but the most vigorous efforts could bring us out of the war. To talk the language of despondency, therefore, was neither wife nor ad - j vantageous. When the danger lyas great, the greater should, be the determination to refill it, and there could be but little fcope$ for Great Britain, if, in the busy hour of action, ( he

gave

A. I ? !. DEBATES.

gave way to efpair, and contented berfelf with brooding N over the gloomy ( speculations of melancholy viiionifts.

Mr Fox rose and said, if < he knew what the language of Mr. despair was, the noble Lord had talked it, and that in the warmest and mod expressive manner, by impudently daring, at a time when this country was spending millions upon millions in carrying on the war, to ( land up in his place, and boast of our having been able to ad upon the defensive, and to make it a matter of triumph that we had not loft Gibraltar, and that Commodore Johnstone had not loft the Fndia - men under his convoy. He used the word " impudently, 1 because he knew no other word in our language which ( b properly expressed the sense he entertained of the noble Lord’s argument. The noble Lord had talked of his attacking Commodore Johnstone in his absence. In doing so, he had done no more than exercise a right he had often heard the Commodore declare in that House, to be the indisputable fight of every member of the House of Commons, viz. to censure the conduit of those whom the House paid. And he had the less scruple in attacking Commodore Johnstone, because of all men who ever fat within those walls, he knew not one so ready and so accustomed to attack the conduit of others. As long as Commodore Johnstone continued the friend of his country, so long he had considered him as his friend. ( The honourable gentleman, however, had lately thought proper to depart from those principles he had long alted up to, and to connelt him - ielf with men whom he should ever consider as the cause of the present disgraceful and ruinous iituation of this country.

The noble Lord had talked of the great abilities of Commodore Johnstone. Undoubtedly he nad great abilities as a speaker in Parliament, but it was not in his capacity as a great ( beaker that he was adverting to his conduit, it was his conduct as an officer that he was represending; and as an officer, he was ready to contend, that he had shewn no abilities; on the contrary, that he had foreborne to take those advantages and to seize those opportunities which the chance of the engagement afforded. He meant not to enter into a difeuffion of the question relative to the St. Jago affair on professional grounds. The noble Lord knew he was not sufficiently matter of the subject. He only spoke the plain fen - timents of a plain man, and he drew his arguments from the preraifes laid down by Commodore Johnstone himself, in the fetter published in the London Gazette. Thence it was that he learnt the Commodore had a greater weight of ' xnetal than Yol. III. 4 O Monsieur

, 6$o PARLIAMENTARY 1781.

Monsieur Suffrcm; thence it was, that he was taught to ‘ know, he let advantages escape him which he ought to have seized. The noble Lord had been loud in Governor ] oho - ' stone’s praise. Why ? Because the noble Lord had not forgot the barbed arrows of Governor Johnstone’s eloquence ! The noble Lord remembered how often he had smarted under the shafts of his oratory, and he dreaded again to encounter his attacks. To what reason but this was Governor Johnstone’s extraordinary promotion to be aferibed a promotion which, from his rank, and ( landing in his profeflioo, he was no way entitled to, and which had disgusted a number of gallant officers, over whose heads he had been preferred, and who had been longer in the service, and had distinguished themselves more eminently. Mr. Fox repeated his charge against the noble Lord, declaring, that if ever he heard the language of despondency, it was from the noble Lord in his speech that day.

Lord b. Lord North said, he did n6t mean to have spoken twice,

though, indeed, he might plead the honourable gentleman’s example in justification for so doing. He rose barely to take notice of a word or two, which the honourable gentleman had let drop relative to Commodore Johnstone’s promotion. Seniority, he was ready to admit, ought to be attended to, but would the honourable gentleman contend, that in all cases it ought to be made the unerring rule of promotion in the navy } Would he take upon him to maintain, that it was not wife to look down the lift of officers, when an expedition of importance was designed, and to fee if there was not some one of them of more ability, and better qualified to take the command of it than either of the others ? Commodore Johnftooe was universally acknowledged to be a man of great talents. It was true, that in that House he had frequently differed in political feotiments upon particular points from him. But it was no lets true, that he had always done it in an open, manly way, and at the time, had ever shewn himself ready and willing to take an active part wherever his abilities could be exercised in the service of his country. But the honourable gentleman laid. Governor johnftooe, was a great speaker, and his promotion had bought him off; he was now therefore the creature of ad mi nistration. If this were true, the conduct of administration proved that parliamentary assistance was not, as had so often been alTerted, their great and indeed their chief objc£l. If it Was, administration would have kept fp good a speaker 3s Governor Johnftoac at home. That *, gentlemen would fee, muff have

‘ 1 been

651

A. 1781. DEBATE S.

been most to their advantage, had they not considered it at a much more important thing for their country to have an expedition of great moment commanded by an officer of great ability. Commodore Johnstone had fully justified his high character hitherto, and he did not doubt, he would complete the object of his expedition, as much to his own credit and to the advantage of his country as he had began it. With regard to other officers being disgusted at Commodore John {lone’s being promoted to the command of a squadron, he begged leave to say that it was by no means an unufutfl thing to put an officer of no longer {landing, into such a iituation as that Commodore Johnllone now filled; at the fartie time, however, he did not doubt but there might be many officers who wished to hold it.

Mr. Byng contended, that his honourable friend was in Mr. the right, and infilled upon it that Commodore Johnflone’s promotion was unjustifiable. Mr. Byng said, the Common dore had not even commanded a single ship before; in the lad war, he was sure, he had not; and in peace, the House knew it was not likely that he should. To place him therefore in so didinguifhqd a situation, could only be accounted for in the way in which his honourable friend had accounted for it. With regard to what the noble Lord had said of our having relieved Gibraltar, the reason was evident : France was indifferent about it, and plainly shewed by her cohdud, that die did not wish Spain to regain it, because if ( he did, she was aware that the Court of Madrid having

fained its object, would be drawn out of the confederacy. If ‘ranee had been in earned about Gibraltar, and had sent out her fleet to join that at Cadiz, and both combined had opposed us in the Bay, what would have become of our fleet

It muff have been destroyed. Mr. Byng charged ministers with directing the war chiefly againu America, and taking little or no notice of France, the natural, inveterate enemy of Great - Britain He reprobated this conduct, and said, it tended to ruin us at the same time that it injured America; whose interests we ought to consider the same as the interest of this country. He added, that he perfectly coincided in opinion with his honourable friend, in regard to the present moment’s being an improper one for opposing a vote of ( up - ply. The hoijfehold troops he said, were all at home, and the friends of their country, wearied out with the fatigue of the session, a great number of them had gone out of town,

He wished toGod his honourable friend’s advice might be attended to, and that men’s minds would next session be prompt 4 O a to

6f3

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

the idea, of an early opposition to the pernicious pursuit of a moil wicked and fruitless war.

Mr. Mr. H Jpy said a few words about the vote for a million,

and on the general topic of the supplies of the year.

Mr. D < mp - Mr. Pmpjler defended Commodore Joh niton e in a very handsome manner. He laid, he must differ intirely from his honourable friend who opened the debate. So far from thinking the Gazette, that contained Commodore Johnstone’s •letter, a record of his di ( grace, he considered it as a trophy of his triumph. Every person with whom he had conversed on the subject thought the Commodore had acted in an able, a spirited, and an officer - like manner. That he had gained honour for himself and advantage for his country. The honourable gentleman had talked of Commodore Johnftooe’s speech on the subject of a sea engagement the last year.

• Those who were moil competent to speak with judgement on the matter, all agreed that Commodore Johnstone acted up to his own plan in the late affair at St. Jago; and that lie Was in a fair way to give a strong example in proof of the verity of his own precept, had all his ships been perfectly obedient. When he said this, he did not mean to impute blame to any officer concerned. Perhaps, from being di£ abled or from other causes, all the ships with Commodore Johnstone, could not obey his signals and act agreeable to his wishes. Certain it was, however, that they did not; and to that, and that alone, he imputed the circumstance of the Commodore not being able to render the event of the day still more glorious than it was. Mr. Dempster said, he thought it necessary to say thus much in defence of an absent friend. Commodore Johnstone and he had lived in the habits of cordiality, regard, and esteem, for a great number of years; nor had their friendship been once interrupted. With respect to the insinuation, that the Costimodore had gone over to administration, that neither had nor should have any effect on his mind. He never framed his friendships on such sandy ground as, a party consideration. He knew his own motive for acting as he did in that House, and other gentle - ? men knew their motives; but if no man was to entertain a friendship for another, but from political connexion, gentlemen changed so frequently from one side of the House to the other, and shifted their political opinions so often, that it would be a difficult matter to keep a friend at any rate. He looked at men’s qualities in another manner, and when he found them men of ftr ' jft integrity, real worth, and unful -

lied

i

J3

A. 1781. - P - €, B A T E S.

lied honour, he was proud to call them his friends, let their political sentiments concur with his own. Or differ from them intirely.

Mr, Courtenaye began a short speech with remarking, that

whatever came from an honourable gentleman who spoke *; lately [ Mr. Hufley ] always had some weight in ir, and if the honourable gentleman did not much entertain the Hause with metaphorical figures, he seldom failed to date to them figures of another kind, which were infinitely more demon - strative and convincing. He said, he meant to have fpokeh a few words in order to refeue that able and gallant officer. Commodore John done, from the odium in which his conduit had been placed by the honourable gentleman who spoke first in the debate, but the business had been taken out of his hands by the honourable gentleman who spoke last; a circumstance which gave him no small satisfaction, since the honourable gentleman had not only done justice to his friend, but done it in a more handsome manner than he should possibly have been able to acquit himself. Mr. Courtenaye took notice of Mr. Byng’s question relative to the fate of our fleet, when before Gibraltar, if the French and Spanish fleets combined.

He said, the monosyllable if was a very important one; at least the gentlemen on the other fide of the House seemed so to consider it 5 for he observed, they never failed to rest on it, as their best argument, whenever news arrived that did bonptir to the officers and to the arms of this country. the fleets had joined ? In that case, remarked Mr. Courtenaye, our fleet might have been destroyed, which would have been a Very unfortunate circumstance for this country; but he than - ed God, the case never happened. In a like manner he remembered it had been said, on a former occasion; if the French army had gone to America, and joined the American army, what would have become of the British troops ? That if like the other if9 still was but ati Mr. Courtenaye said be bid heard such arguments again and again in the course of she fefliort, and in proportion as they became more obviously weak and ridiculous, they were infilled on with the greater energy and passion. He coocluded with observing, that Mr. J ) empfter had rendered his taking up the time of the House any longer wholly unnecessary.

Mr. Eyre also defended Commodore Johnstone’s conduit Mr.

in the affair at St. Jago, and declared, that such was the strong current which run in the bay or harbour of Port Praya, that ne was well assured, it was impeffible to have boarded s the

v ^.

54

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

the Hannibal, even had < he continued in the harbour; but that when Die loft h4r mails, such was her situation, that the Commodore would have run the greatest hazard of driving out to fra and separating from his squadron, had he even attempted it.

The question was put, and the report agreed t6.

The order of the day was. read for going into a committee on the East India bill; the Speaker, upon motion, left the chair, and Mr. Ord took his feat at the table.

Mr. thffet. Mr HuJJiythen urged the noble Lord in the blue ribbon to

postpone pulhing the bill farther, till he had seen whether the proportions in agitation at the India House were such as could be agreed to Mr. Huffey said he had laboured hard to get the bargain settled in an amicable manner, both with a view to serve the company and to serve the public. Twenty - five thousand pounds he stated to be the only difference between the noble Lord and the proprietors, and lince it was univer - sally agreed that the Company deferred every mark of attention from government, surely twenty - five thousand pounds was no consideration.

Mr. Bough - Mr. Boughtort Rous spoke next, and after a short conver - nn fous. fation Mr. Rous and Mr. Erikine were called up to the bar

to be heard on behalf of the Company. The two gentlemen called the accomptant - general of the Company, and other witnesses, to prove the expences the Company had been at in carrying on the war to conquer the Dewanee and those distri&s, whence they deduced their territorial revenue; and to prove likewise, what the net profits of that revenue amounted to.

When Mr. Erikine had finished his speech, the chairman proceeded to read the bill, clause by clause.

Mr. Ruffty. Mr. HuJJey moved as an amendment, to insert words purporting that the balance due to the Company, on account of their expenditure in acquiring territories, amounted to three millions six hundred and sixteen thousand two hundred and fifteen pounds.

This clause was strenuously opposed by Mr. Robinson and Lord North, on the grounds that it was irrelative to the bill, and ought to be fully made out before it was admitted into any bill. After lbmc debate the committee divided upon the amendment. Ayes 24; noes 71.

The strangers were after this division excluded, and the committe went through the rest of the bill.

Jum 1

1

1781.

D E B A T F S. 655

June 22 *

The House then resolved itself into a committee, on the bill for limiting and explaining the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in Bengal.

On the clause which exempts persons acting under the authority of the Governor - general and Council from the process of the Court, except when life or liberty are concerned,

Sir Richard Sutton moved for the insertion of the words, Sir or of property; which he said were necessary, as the power of the governor and council would otherwise be completely despotic. It was argued on the other hand, that if life, liberty, and property, were excepted out of the power given to die council, the bill was nonsensical, as it would give no power at all. Mr. Burke said, that the East - Indies ought to be considered as barrier towns, where military or arbitrary powers mud prevail; that the idea of establishing civil liberty in India was absurd; the religion, laws, and prejudices of the country were against it : if, therefore, it was necessary to establish arbitrary power there, it was better to lodge it in the hands of the governor and council, who were respon - fibje for all their actions, than in the hands of the Supreme Court of Judicature; because judges were responsible only when it appeared that they had acted corruptly and wilfully wrong. Sir Richard Sutton laughed at the idea of treating a people twice as numerous as the inhabitants of Great Britain, as the inhabitants of a barrier town. The committee at lad divided upon the amendment proposed by Sir Richard Sutton, which was rejected by a majority of 70. Ayes 65 noes 76.

The committee then went through the bill, clause by clause; after which the House adjourned to the 25th.

June 25.

The insolvent bill was then sent to a committee. TheTht Attw - Attorney - Generalsaid, that it had been his inten : ion origi - "9 Central. nally to confine the operation of the bill to those who had been arreded on or before the 7th of June, 1780; but it had been represented to him from different quarters, that confining it within such narrow bounds, would procure a general evil, while it was calculated only to prevent a local one; for though a great number of persons might have endeavoured to - avail themselves of theadk that followed the demolition of the.

Fleer and the KingVbenKb prisons, there vfcre still great /

T Humbert

6$6

PARLIAMENTARY

A. 1781.

numbers confined before and since the 7th of June in various parts of the kingdom, who had not been surrendered with an intention to make them objects of an act of insolvency; but who in fast were really iii distressed circumstances, and truly entitled to the benefit of an insolvent aft. Giving way therefore to these reasons, he taoved, that the bill should operate up to the first of May, 1781; that all those who had been in custody on or before the yth of June, 1780, should be admitted to the benefit of it; and also such persons as had surrendered themselves after that period. He however moved afterwards, by way of exception to this, that such debtors as had surrendered to the Marshal of the King’s - bench, or Warden of the Fleet prison, in consequence of the act that paired n November last, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act for indemnifying sheriffs, jailers, &c. " should not be admitted to the benefit of the bill then before the committee. —The better to understand this, it must be remembered that immediately after the burning of the prisons, an act passed to preserve from arrests such persons as should voluntarily surrender themselves to the Marshal of the KingVbcoch or Warden of the Fleet, on or before the first day of September last : all those who surrendered in consequence of that act, are to be deemed fit objects of parliamentary relief. Soon after the meeting of the present session of Parliament began, the Attorney - general, finding that the prisons were not fit for the reception of prisoners, brought in another bill in November, to set at liberty such persons as were prisoners to the sheriffs of London and sheriffs of Middlesex, until such time as the prisons should be ready for their reception : the persons who surrendered in consequence of thisfecood bill, which was confined to London and Middlesex, are, by the Attorney - general’s motion, excluded from any benefit under the present bill. The chairman then went through the different clausei; and the House was resumed.

Ju 26.

sir Wiltitm Sir William James presented a petition to the House from the East - India Company, praying for a renewal of their charter, upon certain terms specined in the petition. Lord North laid, that in his opinion, the terms were such as might well ierve for the bafts of an agreement between the public and the Company. It was then moved, that the petition should on the next - day be referred to a committee of the whole House, and the motion passed ' unaniroously, the House - - - being

A. 1781,. DEBATES 657

being pleased that the Minister and the Company had at last come to a right under# and ing.

The report was then made from the committee on the Cocoa - nut biH; when it appeared, though the title of the hill went only to take off the duty on chocolate, and put it upon the cocoa - nut on importation, there had been inserted clauses for introducing new regulations in almost every article of excise, brewery, distillery, tea, permits, &c. The insertion of such clauses in a bill with a title from which no such clauses could have been expetted, gave great alarm to many gentlemen.

Mr. Fox rose and said that the insertion was surreptitiou *, Mr. and that it was highly improper to bring bills of such a nature into the House so late in the fession. Mr. Burke said the bill in its present form would break in upon the domestic plans of many gentlemen, whp, from their principles of ( Economy, kept small if ills in their families to distil liquors and he confessed that he himself was one whofhoulJ find himself considerably affe&ed by it. Sir Grey Cooper said, that the bill had not been brought in without sufficient notice of it having been given to the House; and that gentlemen had had time enough to consider of it, as it was before them since the 15th of May; with respect to the clauses that alarmed gentlemen so much, he would not press them all upon the House, if they should not be agreeable; but it was absolutely necessary for the benefit of the revenue that some such clauses should be inserted; for, through the want of such clauses, the revenue absolutely loft every year upwards of 80jooool.

Lord North defended the bill upon the fame principle; and Lord added that it was by no means a novelty to introduce excise and other regulations in bills, from the mere title of which no such clauses could have been expe£ed : it was proper indeed to give as much of the substance of the bill in the title as it was possible; but still, as it was impossible to frame every bill in such a manner as to include in the tide the substance of every clause, so of course there must be many bills containing clauses, no trace of which could be - found in the title of the bill; and confiquently, the objection stated to the present clauses was not supportable upon the ground on which gentlemen had stated it to the House.

Mr. T Townjhtnd spoke against the clauses, and found such Mr. 9ov « fi fault with them, that he moved, that. the farther considera - " tion of the report should be put off for three months.

Voulll 4 ? The

6j8

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

The Attorney - general and Solicitor - general supported the hij ] j and Sir George Yonge and Mr. Davenport condemned it.

Sir Grey Cooper appealed to the Speaker to acquit him of the charge of having brought in the bill surreptitioudy; and the Speaker very readily acquitted him upon that ground; he went however so far as to say, that he thought that bills containing regulations of such importance as those were in the clausea compjainrd of, ought not to be brought in at the end of a session, when the House was generally but badly attended.

The House divided at last upon the motion of adjourning the consideration of the report for three months, and it was overcome by a majority of five. Ayes 45; noes 50.

The clerk then read the different clauses, and the House agreed to them without any farther opposition.

June 27.

Sir JV. D l~The order of the day for the third reading of the Marriage -

tn ' bill being read. Sir William Dolben said, that though he was an enemy to the Marriage - act, and considered the restrictions laid upon the sexes as exceedingly unadvised and detrimental, yet he was afraid that the House was now going too far. If the Marriage - aft was too severe, the present bill was too loose, and gave more liberty than persons of the green age stated in the clauses ought to be indulged with. The consequence would be precipitancy of marriage, and all the train of licentious evils arising therefrom. He expressed a wish that some greater reflriftton was imposed on elergymeo,

1 to deter them from marrying young couples without due re -

gard to the forms prescribed by law.

LordNerth. Lord North said he was not at all surprised when the abtxfes which gave rife to a law no longer existed, in consequence of that law, that gentlemen should raise objections again# the law itself. The Mariage - aft had produced the most beneficial conferences to the kingdom, by putting an eod to that monstrous abuie of marriage which prevailed at the thne when the Marriage - aft paised; but some of the evils which the Marriage - aft put an end to would revive again. Having made this exordium, his Lordship went into a difeuffion of the different clauses of the bill, and objected to them several - iy. In respect to that which limited the age of the ( exes, the women to sixteen, and the men to eighteen, he saw n6 reason whatever for it; and thought, if the Marriage aft was to be affected with regard to the particular clause of age, it

would

Sir Grry C cf > er.

I

tj8f DERATES 659

would be better to repeal the clause altogether than to cut off three years of the time limited by the law as it now flood.

He observed that twenty - one was the age at which the law declared men to be capable of talcing the direction of their own crates, and he saw no reason why they should be supposed capable of determining with propriety upon their marriage earlier. It had been objected to the Marriage - aft, that it was liable to evasion because Scotland was not bound by it, and people had an opportunity of exercising free marriage by taking a jaunt to the North. In respect to that, his lx > rdship said, the act was defective in & particular, which he considered as the leaf ! important and the least necessary of all its various objects. The idea of marrying house to house, and estate to estate, merely for the purpose of accumulating riches, he was as much averse to as any gentleman present. He knew perfectly well, that happiness was not dependent upon wealth alone, and therefore he did not wish to have the ceremony of marriage at all governed by sordid confederations. Besides this, marriages solemnized in Scotland, could not be said to be marriages of a sudden, or concerning which the parties had not sufficient time to confix der the consequences. He therefore had not the least objection to the case remaining as it did with regard to Scotland, but he could not by any means think that the Marriage - aft ought to be repealed inihat degree, which the present bill, if pailed into a law, would repeal it. His Lordship added a variety of other reasons against the bill, and said he could not give his consent to any measure, against which his judgement went fb completely as in the present instance.

Mr. Fox laid the objections he had stated that day were so Mr. perfectly new, that he could not be silent, but must say a word or two in answer to what had been thrown out, both by the honourable Baronet behind him, and the noble Lord in the blue ribbon. And first, he could not but observe, that it was a little extraordinary, that the honourable gentlemen should have reserved their objections till the present moment.

Various opportunities had offered for opposing the bill, but in all the debates that had occurred upon the subject, neither the noble Lord, nor the honourable gentleman, had thought proper to use one of those arguments which the House had x just heard. The honourable Baronet had been pleased to attack his bill, by saying that the clause which allowed of early marriages would encourage liccntiousness. This he could not but consider as a very singular objection; early mar - 4 P 2 riages

PARLIAMENTARY A. tj$i

riages might be liable to object ion on the score of impropriety of imprudence, or indeed on any other score than that whidh the honourable gentleman had thought proper to mention} for undoubtedly, if he had looked the distonary through, he could not have picked out a word that so little applied to a clause encouraging early marriage, as the word licentious. With regard to what the noble Lord had said on the ground of the clause, which limited the age of persons capable of marriage to sixteen and eigh ' een, he was ready to agree, that it would have been better to have made no limitation whatever, but to have repealed the clause in the Marriage - aft altogether, That had ever been his opinion, but in deference to the judgement of other persons, he had consented to the limitation as it now flood. The noble Lord had talked of the good effects of the Marriage - aft; he would not say, but there might have been occasion for forne regulation respecting those marriage - shops which were so common in every part of London when that act passed, but then considering the a ft altogether, he was confident there never was an act more offen - iive to general liberty, more inimical to population, nor more odiously aristocratical. It hid been made an argument, that the Marriage - aft had been, effectual, and this argument had even been insisted on in the present session, when a bill was pending; n the other House to remedy an evil arising under the Marriage - aft, and which that act, it was notorious, had been found incapable cf preventing. It was evident from that in - v fiance, that the Marriage - act was ineffectual, and what was the purpose of the bill at that time in the other House ? It was merely this 5 the Marriage - aft having been proved incapable of its intended operation to prevent doubtful marriages, that bill wifely took away its other and more odious power, the power of punishment where doubtful marriages had taken place. The marriage - aft therefore was no longer to be roasted of as an adequate preventative. It had been found to be ineffectual in its best and mofl just object, and what be wanted by his bill was, to take away\its worst object, that of inflicting merciless punishment. Mr. Fox said, as the act now flood, the law respecting marriage in Great Britain con - tradifted the religion of the country. The Marriage - aft was totally inconfonant with the genius of the people, and it was opposite to every principle of our constitution. He wished, therefore to make the law of marriage conformable to our religion, and to remove those fetters, which an arbitrary, unnatural, and aristocratical statute bad impoftd on the minds of the youth of both sexes. The noble Lord had said, that marriage

66i

A. r}8f '

DEBATES,

fiage was Bill free in Scotland, and that marriages there foie mnieed could not be said to be precipitate marriages, or marriages not sufficiently considered; surely the noble Lord forgot, that when they talked of Scotland, they must con fid er it as it flood relatively with regard to the geography of all England. Though it mull necessarily take Tome time to go from London or Middlesex to Scotland, certainly the case was otherwise with regard to the counties of Cumberland and Northumberland, and the persons resident therein. After arguing this for fpme time, he said the Marriage - act was not merely odious in his eyes, burodious in the eyes of the bulk of the people without doors. It ever had been so, and it was impoHible it should be otherwise; on the present occasion, he flattered himself, he should divide with a majority against the noble Lord’s opinion, and that for this reason; the House rarely failed to speak the ferife of the people at large, whenever a quedion came before them upon which they could vote freely, and where none of those considerations mixed in the business, which were supposed to influence men’s minds on points where politics interfered.

Sir William Dolben rose to explain 5 Sir William observed, roi iam

that the honourable gentleman, the patron of the bill, had said, 0 if he had looked the didlionary through he could not have found a word so little applicable to the clause authorizing early marriages, as the word lictntiousness. It happened a little unfortunately for the honourable gentleman who made this remark, that he never had applied the word licentiousness to the clause in quedion. What he had said was merely to fugged, that if the clause passed as it flood, precipitancy of marriage would be the inevitable consequence; and in many cases, that would be the source of much serious inconvenience. He was still of the fame opinion.

Lord Mahon said, he meant on the third reading to move Ld two or three amendments, that would alter the clauses to which gentlemen seemed mod to objedf; and he gave notice of his intention then, in order that those who approved of the principle of the bill, but nevertheless disliked particular clauses, might dill vote for the third reading.

The House divided. Ayes ( for the third reading ) 755

noes 4

Lord ! Mahon then moved, that the ages dated as the proper period for marriage, be altered from sixteen and eighteen, to eighteen the woman, and twenty - one the man.

Lord

Lord Trial an

1

46 PARLIAMENTARY A. i; 8t.

Lord Beauchamp argued drenuoufiy and ably against this amendment. His Lordship said, the House He conceived, had idled a moil laudable part, in endeavouring to emancipate the people from the operation of an act, which was not only extremely oppressive in many particulars, but also extremely ab « surd in some others. Nothing he thought could be more ab - surd, than making twenty - one years of age the period, at which both the sexes should have a right to marry according to their own will and inclination. Common sense shewed that there ought to be a difference between the ages of the man and of the woman, and he appealed to the usage of the world, whether; if a good match offered, a father would refuse to accept it because of his daughter’s nonage ? He said, from the age of sixteen to the age of eighteen were the two best years of a woman ' s life : for that therefore, and for various other reasons, he hoped the House would not adopt the noble Lord ' s amendment.

The amendment was negatived.

IA. Mahan, Lord Mahon proposed a second, which was, that to the clause enabling, that if a marriage should continue unqurf tioned for five years, it should be legal, there should be added, or during the life of the parties. 7 his was adopted—. He then offered a third, viz. changing the term of five year *, flated in the act, as the time of cohabicion after marriage, which should bar enquiry into the forms of that marriage, to twenty years cohabitation; and he justified this amend ment by dating, as a pofSble case, that a man might be mar ried at an ale - house when he was drunk, and know nothing of it the next day. Irt which case, such a man ' s marrying again would be an act of felony, and all the children by the second marriage would be badards. ' His Lordship recommended this motion to the attention of the young members; because, he said they were mod likely to fall into the predicament he had described; and to the old members, because he traded their wisdom and experience would teach them, that the case he had dated, was likely to happen, and ought to be guarded against.

Mr, fox. Mr. Fox said he should oppose the noble Lord ' s amendment, though he owned he saw that what the noble Lord had said, was within the scope of probability. But upon m case barely possible, and not very likely to happen, he could not think it became Parliament to adopt such an amendment; nor could he conceive that if aqy man was so drunk or so flu - pid as to marry a woman, and neither know any thing of that marriage bcfjrc it was solemnized, at the time of folcmiiiz -

A ., 178‘1. ' DEBATES *

tion, nor afterwards, five years was full time enough for him to recollect himself, and he was mot a fit object of such a law as the present bill would be, should it pass into a statute.

The amendment was negatived.

The Lord Advocate next brought up the report of the fe - LtrdJdv cret committee appointed u to inquire into the causes of the " *

War that now subsists in the Carnatic; and of the present condition of the British possessions in those parts, and to re *, port the fame, with their observations thereupon/9

Helikewife brought up the appendix, which was extremely voluminous; and was contained in an immense pile of manuscripts. His Lordship, as soon as he had presented both, moved that they should be printed. He said, he did not intend to go at large into them just then, nor to take up much of the time of the House by speaking to the subject. He felt it necessary, however, that he should occupy a few moments in just dating, as shortly as possible, the manner in which their committee had conduced their inquiry, and the rules by which they had governed their proceedings. By the size of the report and of the appendix, which be had just presented, the House, he trusted, would fee, that however deficient their committee might have been in other respects, they certainly had not been sparing in regard to labour and attention *

When the committee first met, his Lord ( htp dated, that they had found extreme difficulty as to the mode of procedure, the business of the inquiry being perfe£Hy new to them *

The method they adopted was this : they issued orders to the servants of the Company at the India - House for copies of all the recent dispatches from India, and they issued similar orders to the secretaries of date, and the secretary at war. On the perusal of those dispatches they found a variety of charges pointed against particular persons, and accusing them as the causes of the Carnatic war, which had arisen in consequence of their neglect and ill conduct. In the lad dispatch from Bengal, it appeared that the governor and council had detached Sir Eyre Coote to Madrass with a number of troops, as ( bon as the news arrived of Hyder Aliy’s invasion of the Carna tic, and that they had afterwards sent a large sum of money to the Madrass Presidency, but under this singular regulation : that the money was to be at the command of the general of the forces, but that the civil government of tho presidency of Madras was not to touch any part of it, nor to f have any sort of power over it. The dispatch like wife contained Sir Eyre Coote’s letter to the Bengal Presidency oh his arrival at Madrass, in which Sir Eyre declared, that he found '

every

le

PARLIAMENTARY a. rflt.

every thing in a state of the utmost negligence and want of Reparation. That although Hyder Ally had been so long in the Carnatic, the gun - carriages were merely getting ready, and that the whole appearance of things spoke a general fyf - tem of inattention, carekffness, and misconduct. It was oecefiary, the Lord Advocate said, for him here to mention, that the present governor of Madras was Mr. Wintle. As loon as the committee saw these dispatches, they formed their ideas of a plan to be pursued in the condudof their inquiry, upon the information these dispatches afforded, and they {divided the plan into three distinct headsof inquiry : an inquiry into the ft ate of military affairs in the Carnatic, both at present and previous to Hyder Ally’s irruption; an inquiry into the political state of affairs there, both now and heretofore; and an inquiry into the state of the finance of - the Madras Pret - dency. U - pon the first head, viz. that of the military, the committee had already concluded their report, and the appendix to that jepprt, bpth of which he had just presented, and were then upon the table. The second report, that upon the political state of the Carnatic, was not quite ready, but in a day of two,. he trusted, it would be fit to be placed upon the table of thefioufe. It might, he said, be supposed that as so manyistrong and heavy charges appeared in the dispatches against particular persons, accused of having by their nufeom - dust caused the late difeftors in th, e Carnatic, the committee had examined some of the persons referred to in the dispatches. The fast however was, they had not examined one. At the Camp time he begged the Hcmfe not to imagine, that they had come to a resolution of forbearing to examine any of those persons, without having at various and limited times deliberated oa the subject, and considered whether it would be right to examine them or not. The reasons which had induced the committee ultimately to resolve not to examine any of the persons mentioned in the dispatches, tvere these : Some of those against whom the charges were pointed, were in India, and others here; and both were so connected, that it appeared to the committee, that it would be extremely unfair to enter into, a partial examination, and call upon one description, when it was wholly out of their power to question the other. Again, armed as the committee were, with va rious and extensive powers, they thought they could not get at any evidence of guilt, fufHciently strong to state to the House as a ground of parliamentary proceeding, and that it would, moreover, be an act of indelicacy, and want of re - pest, were they to commence an examination, which the i House

665

A. 17 9u DEBATES.

House might choose to undertake themselves, and which they certainly could carry on with greater weight, greater foJanility, and greater effedh All the charges that pointed at particular individuals therefore they had inserted in their report ' under the head of the political Hate of the Carnatic. The committee accused no person, neither did they impute blame to any one; they thought it their duty to report such accu - fations as fell in their way, and it would lie with the House to inquire and determine, whether those accusations were well or ill founded. His Lordship concluded with moving, that the second report be likewise printed, and said he hoped gentlemen would not merely take the reports, when printed, out of the office as ordinary papers, and consider them at papers of no consequence, but would read them attentively during the recess, and regard them as grounds of future parliamentary proceeding, and as matters relative to the most serious, the most impprtant, and the most interesting subjcA that could possibly challenge the attention of a Britirn House of Commons.

Sir Thomas Rumbold rose, and said, he Would not then take Sir Tbmst ttp the time of the House; he should reserve himself for the day when the reports would be rendered the subject of dif - cnffion. He rose only to say, that he had been much acto - nished, when he heard the committee were directing their inquiry to the political state of the Carnatic, where his conclude must necessarily have come under their confide ration, that he had never been sent to or examined upon the subject.

He was convinced, by what the learned Lord#had said, that the committee had acted wifely in not having proceeded to examine him; it was a much better way of taking up the matter, that they had suggested, and therefore he should wait till that House took the subject into their consideration *

' The report of the committee on the above bill being read,

Mr. Dmpfierrofe, and said, that having been chosen on an Mr.

selection committee, at the same time that he was chosen on/ 1 the committee to whom the petition from the inhabitant® of Bengal was referred, it was impoffibie for hiqj to attend the latter. Other avocations alfd had prevented his being present, when the bill, brought in consequence of the report of that committee, happened to be under consideration} he had never before therefore had an opportunity of speak - ing his mind on the subject. Mr. Dempster then went into an examination of the bill, and with infinite liberality dif - culled the various daufes of it. In particular, he objected Vol. III. 4Q.

v

666

PARLIAMENTARY A. 17 *.

to that which gave the governor general and council of Ben - ' gal, a fupreflie, arbitrary, and uncontroulable power over the lives, property, and reputations of the natives of Hin - doftan. He argued the oppression, injustice, and dreadful consequences that might ensue, if a clause so inimical to freedom, and so opposite to every principle of equity, wa suffered to remain without some modification or orner.

Sir Richard Sutton took the fame ground, and contended strenuously against the clause.

The Solid - The Solicitor General said a few words, and thought that

for - General, an amenjmcflt all difficulties might be reconciled.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke entered into a particular description of the bill, and contended that in necessity, in prudence, and in policy, the bill before the House was justifiable. It mud always be remembered, that the genius of a people is to be consulted in the laws which are imposed upon them. They are to be adapted to thespirit, the temper, the constitution, the habits, and the manners of the people. The free system of Great Britain is considered by Britons, and justly, as the best and most beautiful fabric of government in Europe; but would the Indians tlpnk and speak of it in the fame terms ? No; Their habits were contrary, their dispositions were inimical to equal freedom. They were familiarized to a system of rule more despotic, and familiarity bad rendered it congenial. Their situation and their feelings were truly lamentable in the eyes of men enlightened by comparison, and by a knowledge of the true nature of the human freedom. It would be a talk worthy the benevolence. of Britain to relieve those nations from the bonds of mental flaverv. But if they should Tefift the lights of philosophy, if they mould reject the proposed good, considering it as the greatest of ills, and declare that they love their old constitution, arbitrary and despotic as it is, better than the beautiful and the free system of British legislation, what must be done} must we abandon the government of the country rather than agree to rule over them by laws inimical to ourselves ? surely not : men must be governed by those laws which they love. Where thirty millions are to be governed by a few thousand men, the government must be established by consent, and must be congenial to the feelings and to the habits of the people. That which creates tyranny is the imposition of a form of government contrary to the will of the governed; and even a free and equal plan of government, would be considered as despotic by those who desired to have their old laws and their

ancient

66y

A. 1781. DEBATE S. '

ancient fyllem. The honourable gentleman painted in the moll pathetic colouring the iituation of the miserable natives. In all their calamities, in all their sufferings, it would be a consolation to their hearts to have their old laws, instead of the new institutions and the new judges which had been imposed upon them by the British legislature. The house bad in the report of the committee, an account of the proceedings of those Judges. They were arbitrary in the ex < - treme, The incroachments which they made on the most sacred privileges of the people, the violation of their dearest rights, particularly in forcing the ladies before their courts; the contempt that was shewn for their religious ceremonies and my Series; and the cruel punishments inflicted

Xn them in case of their disobedience; new, strange, and oxious to them; all these things contributed in fact, to compel the British legislature to reltore peace, order, and unanimity to the extensive territories of India, by giving them the laws which they approved. We had fullered enough in attempting to enervate the fyltem of a country, and we mull now be guided as we ought to have been with respect to America, by studying the genius, the temper, and the manners of the people, and adapting to them the laws that we establish.

Besides, the present dillrafted Hate of things in those territories called for the immediate exercise of the wisdom and the power of Parliament; an end mull be put to the dif - orders; the contention between the co - ordinate powers destroyed all government; and it mull be immediately determined, which of the two powers were to be superior; governor and council, or the judges. As it was, there could be no government, no justice, and no tranquility; and in fa ft, those who oppoded the present measure did it without conlide - ration; they caught the idea of its being calculated to give uncommon and delpotic power to the governor and council; and without reflecting that there existed at this time, a more arbitrary and offensive tyranny, because a contending tyranny, than that which even granting them this portion, was meant to be established t they exclaimed against the iniquity of inveiling the supreme council with extraordinary powers; did they not know that there now reigned two coordinate powers, both claiming and exercising despotism, and that in the inoll offensive way; ip contention with one another; ranging the whole country into parties; tearing tfee unhappy people; and destroying by their opposition, 4 0, every

668 PARLIAMENTARY A t 8i#

every principle and end of government, which is order, security, peace, and happiness on the one side; and strength, relpe£l, and splendour on the other. It was immediately in cumbent on the British legislature to put an end to thb anarchy, and particularly so, because there was no legifla - tion in the British dominions in India, and consequently, no authority which could quiet those contending despots. In doing this they would certainly confer a favour on the native Indians, for they would destroy one of two despotic powers, and by establishing solid government, would at least give ft curity to the governed. This was necessary for the actual preservation of the territories; for no government could fub - fist without authority; and it was perfe£Uy useless for hint in that place, and in that season, to inculcate the necessity of strengthening the hands of government in that quarter of the world. For these reasons then the honourable gentleman laid, the committee who had been appointed to enquire into the complaints of the British subjects and natives of India, had recommended this plan to the House, as the most likely to restore concord and good order to the people, and to give firmness and liability to the government. This was the remedy which they had thought immediately necessary to be applied, for the temporary redress of the subsisting grievances; there was no time to be walled; the session was drawing to an end; and something mud be done before their prorogation. If this should be found to be ineffectual, Parliament would have leisure to deliberate on some more adequate plan of judicature, in which the sense of the people themselves might be cohered, and a permanent system established, founded on their consent.

Mr. Mr. Courtenaye said, he had lillened with the utmost atteu -

C urtn jt. tion tQ the honourable gentleman that spoke lall, who often diffused the light of reason and philosophy through that House; however in the present inltance, he had been dilap - pointed. He had heard eloquence pleading the cause of def - potism ! and what were the reasons adduced by the honourable gentleman ? he should take the liberty of Hating them candidly and fairly. Why, the honourable gentleman had said, that the people of India had no representatives; that they were governed by an army, neither voted nor paid by the British House of Commons; that we enjoyed the moncragly of their trade and indullry. What then ! Why, fays the honourable gentleman, establish dcfpotism over lo many millions Sf patient, inoffensive, industrious people;

for

4 9

D jE"rB A" T £ S

for that is the only proper mode of governing them Such are the honourable gentleman ' s premises ! and such his conclusion ! And are these the only weighty, important, and incontrovertible arguments, which the honourable gentleman ' s ingenuity can fugged, in the defence of a clause, veiling the governor and supreme council with absolute despotic authority, over, the property, liberty, and lives of so many British subjects ! He begged pardon of the House, they were no longer subjects if that clause passed; they were slaves. The honourable gentleman had indeed painted the iituation of those people pathetically and truly. But what was the whole icope of his reasoning, the jet of his argu - ment} The Gentoos are indeed opprcffed and wretched at present; but let us furnish the governor and council ( whose tender mercies they have so often experienced ) with the balm of despotism to pour into their wounds, and all will be well. Such are the principles of legislation; such are the principles of philosophy, on which this clause dands ! The honourable gentleman, in order to evince the necetfity of establishing despotism in the governor and council, had launched out into a bitter ( and he hoped exaggerated invedive, against the judges ); that the judges ( taking advantage of their fitoation ) had committed acts of oppression and injustice, he would not deny; but if they hail done so, by wreding, perverting, and applying the law, contrary to the spirit and intention of it; was that a reason why a governor and council should be empowered to ad arbitrarily and tyrannically, controuled only by their own discretion ? The natives indeed had one specidc remedy. If a Gentoo was imprisoned, he was deprived of his property; nay, if he was deprived of his life by an order of council, ( in the latter case, Mr. Courtnaye supposed his friends and relations mud apply for judice ) the native of India might commence a process in Wedminder - Hall, and sue the delinquent for damages ! Such was the specific remcr dy; such the redress; such the consolation pointed out to the natives of Hindodan by the humanity of a Briiifli act of Parliament.

Mr. Courtenaye said, a ( irailar mode of obtaining pofthu - mous judice was ( he had heard ) established in Turky. The relations and friends of a coovided and executed criminal were allowed to produce evidence before the judge, and if his innocence was proved, ( after his death ) he was acquitted of the crime yet the honourable gentleman had been pleased to treat every

P A R L IA M E N TfA R Y A. 1781.

tveTy idea of granting any portion of freedom to the Gentoo at childifli, absurd, and ridiculous. Was it, continued Mr. Courtenaye, childish ? was it ridiculous in his honourable friend ( Mr. Dempster ) to exert himself with that liberality x > f sentiment, which always distinguished him, to save the wretched inhabitants of India from the cruel and rapacius hand of despotism

Mr. Courtenaye urged, that the fame specious and falla - cious reasoning, as the honourable gentleman used, was equally applicable to prove the necemty of governing by arbitrary power in any part of the globe. The "honourable gentleman had talked of two co - ordinate despotic powers, which must ( without the regulations introduced in the present bill ) exist between the governor and council, and the judges. But the honourable gentleman’s assertion was the whole of his logic. Mr. Courtenaye begged leave to alk the honourable gentleman, whether it was not poiHble to give. the natives of India some portion of liberty adapted to their prejudices, laws, manners and religion; this was all he contended for : let ample authority be vested in the supreme magistrates of the state, for the salvation of the Hate, but not for the oppression and ruin of individuals. To keep the judicial, executive, and legislative powers distinct or separate, was the true and wife policy of every free government.

The honourable gentleman had ( in defence of his argument ) contended, that there was no legislative power cxiff - ing in the British dominions in India; therefore destroy the judicial power ( as far as this clause goes ) blend it with the executive power, make it as despotic as possible, for the happiness, protection, and security of the people

Mr. Courtenaye said, he would ever oppose such principles and such logic. Arbitrary power was not to be trusted with any man, or body of men; the temptation was too great, and was ever abused. But in the present case, even the petty ( and often oppressive ) creatures of power were protected, and the meanest men employed by the governor and council exempted from all judicial prosecution. The torrent of despotism not only threatened the fertile fields of Hindostan with ruin and aefoiation,. but the foul streams, which flowed from this impure source, were conveyed to the remotest corner of the country. Was it from she mild, humane, liberal conduct of governors and councils in India, that such an unlimited, such a dangerous authority, was to

j

v

0 E B A T E

be vested in them ? How had the natives fufFered by oppref - five, rigorous, and cruel monopolies ) How, were such vast, and justly invidious, fortunes acquired in that country } How had the interior police, how had the administration of that country, in respect to war and peace, been conduited By whose orders, by whose councils, by whose suggestion, was the Rohilla war commenced; and a brave and spirited people exterminated ? Who had occasioned the Mahratta war, and the present calamities of the Carnatic, by the in - vafion of Hyder Ally

If, continued Mr. Courtenaye, the natives of India had been always ruled in an arbitrary, tyrannic manner, and were never subject to a regular jurisdiction; if they had been Grangers to the bleilings of knowing written and established laws, some piaulible arguments might have been advanced by the honourable gentleman. But it was well known that the Gentoo laws ( of which we were furnished with a transla - tion by the India Company ) specified and defined every crime with preciiion and accuracy, and alloted adequate ( according to their ideas ) and proportionate punishment.

Those laws, Mr. Courtenaye observed, had the fanftioa of divine authority among them, were adapted to their climate, and intimately blended with their manners and religion; and their similarity in many cases, to the Mosaic law, proved both their antiquity % pd wisdom.

Mr. Courtenaye remarked, that his honourable friend ( Mr. Dempster ) had contrasted the present Bate of the people with what it would be, if such a clause passed, by expatiating on the advantage the meaner subject now enjoyed, of applying for his Habeas - corpus How was this answered by the honourable gentleman ? That in several cases the chief - justice had refused to grant one. But, if the chief - just ice had refused to grant a Habeas - corpus in all cases, did this shew he had granted it in none ? No; directly the contrary.

The honourable gentleman had indeed owned, that in that twilight between peace and war, between anarchy andsregal government, in Hindostan, some alts of oppression hau committed; he then begged leave to ask the honourable gentleman, if this political twilight had produced oppression and tyranny, would the darkness of despotism produce happiness and prosperity

Mr. Courtenaye concluded, by calling on the House to advert to the situation of so many millions of British subjects in India, who ( by a former act ) were thought worthy of

some

PARLIAMENTARY

some attention and protection. But this daofe militated against the spirit of our own aft, which was designed to ( hield the barmlcfs native from the rapacity of unfeeling avarice. What would be the consequence ) The aflfeftions of our fub - jtfts would be alienated; they would fee ! themselves more miserable from the contract, and muff fink under the accumulated weight of anguish and despair. Our commerce, our revenue, must decline; and this country would ultimately suffer. Though the thunder of despotism burst on Hin - doftan, Britain would feel the shock; it would operate like the rc - acting electric stroke, so ably demonstrated by a noble Lord in his eye ( Lord Mahon ), by which fatal effects are often produced at a great distance from the place where the lightening falls.

The committee divided on this clause. Ayes 75; noes 5.

The following speech of Sir Hugh, was delivered

by him in the House of Commons, on Monday the 4th of December, 1780, the day he took his feat. The House was in a committee of supply, and the navy estimates were the subject under confederation. We gave the substance of the speech in its proper place, but the following authentic copy having been handed about in private circles, we have thought it will not be unacceptable to our readers. The speech, as given to us, is prefaced with the following remark.

It has been no unfrequent practice, to publish parliamentary as well as other speeches, very different from those actually delivered, and with great changes and enlargements; and much be said in favour of the practice, when there is not any intention to deceive and miilead the reader. But in the following speech, there are few variations or additions.

Sir, 1 did not call the honourable gentleman in my eve ( Mr. Fox ] to order, though he gave me fuffirient cause for it; because I would not appear afraid to hear any thing he might say at any time, or in any place, or on any ground on which he might think proper to attack me.

Being unaccustomed and unqualified to speak in a public assembly, and having now many things to say, I mufl beg the indulgence of the committee, by allowing me to have re - course to what I have committed to writing.

But I must first apologize to the noble Lord [ Lord North ] next to me, if, in the course of what I have to say, I fhcrold repeat part of what his Lordship has already expressed; not having been apprised of the generous support with which hi Lord&ip has now been pleased to honour me.

I am

i\. i 8i4 DEBATES.

I am not fufpiifed at the attack now make upon me. After such harsh. reflections and high menaces, as are ' said to have been uttered concerning me in this House whilst I was ab - fenfj it was scarce possible that my enemies should decline all cenfare of me when present *

Thus foreseeing, that there would be an attempt to raise a new storm against me on my first re - entrance within these walls, and through me to excite new convuliions in the state, I am come, in some degree, prepared for resistance; and I earnestly intreat the committee to grant me a patient hearing, whilst I offer some observations in behalf of the most injured character in the kingdom.

Notwithstanding the extreme violence of the prejudices against me on the acquittal of Admiral Keppel, and the outrages which followed, I never so yielded to the impressioos of adverlity as to be without the hope of finally obtaining justice from the voice of my country. It was this hope, with the consciousness of the rectitude of my conduct and intentions, which sustained my spirits throughout the succeeding unequal conflict : these encouraged me to persevere. in the vindication of my honour, at the imminent risque of seeing that and my life sacrificed to the rage of party. Had I been in the least inclined to wave the contest, my enemies affected to be so merciful as to give me a fair opportunity. They strongty expatiated on the cruelty of permitting a tria which, as they conceived, even on the supposition of innocence, must, from the universality of the prejudices against me amongst my brother officers, terminate in my cowction and death. They solemnly washed their hands of my blood They tenderly declared themselves fully satisfied with my present sufferings : nay, to alleviate these, they were so com - passionate, that though they proferibed me from the honourable line of my profession, they had no objection to my having an ample pension for my support in retirement. Such was the language of my enemies, both in and out of Parliament. But I did not hearken to it. I was neither terrified by their menaces norfoothed by their pretended kindness.

The event of my trial confirmed me in the expectation, with which I had before consoled myself. My judges, proving superior to the influence of party and the dread of unmerited unpopularity, discharged their office with a determined impartiality; and the result was a sentence, which t shall ever think most honourable to me. In the introductory part of it, my judges declared, that " my conduct and bc - Vqu III. 4 R haviour

t

74 PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781.

haviour were, in many respects, highly exemplary and me ritorious. " Though too, the court had scrutinized into every part of my conduct, with an almost unexampled strict - ness, the only omission, which could he fuggeded, tvas, that I did not inform the commander in chief of the disabled date of the Formidable. But so far was the court from imputing this to a blameable cause, or from attributing the least ill consequence to it, that they dated it in dubious and re - lu&ant terms, ( imply pointing it out as a matter of opinion; and having so done, they concluded with an absolute acquittal. Indeed, had I conceived, that there was a probability of imputing such an omission to me, I should have been more full in my explanation on this head. I did take notice, that the ( ignal of didrefs in the fighting indructions was not applicable; and that the condition of the Formklable wasfo apparent as to make any information from me wnneceflary.

1 also noticed, that I had no frigate by which I could fend information; the Milford, which was the only frigate of my division, having been taken from me by Mr. Keppel early in the afternoon. But I might have advanced several deps farther, to obviate the idea of omission. Till the Fox reached me between seven and eight at night, Mr. Keppefj own conduct did not leave me the lead room to suppose him ignorant of the Formidable’s inability to reach the length of my dation in the line; for he not only did not make any enforcing signal to signify his expectation of seeing my divi don in the line, till thirteen minutes after fix, when the dgnal for coming into his wake was hoided the second time; but also, on putting out the pendants of several ships of ray division at half an hour after fix, he did not think fit to make my pendant one of the number; whence I concluded, that he knew my condition, and therefore did not expert me. In respect to afterwards fending information by the Fox, if I had thought it necessary, 1 had not the opportunity; the Fox having separated from me before I could finish what I had begun to say to her captain. What other means 1 could have devised to fend an explanation to Mr. Keppel, time enough to answer any purpose, I am still to learn. But all this is not of importance to me. The terms in which the omission is dated, with the acquittal which follows, diffidently protest my character, being repugnant to the mod remote idea of criminal imputation.

Since my trial, I have patiently waited for the fubfding of the public prejudices; and so far as regards roy exculpation

le

A. 1781. REBATES.

tion from the charges for my conduct the day of engagement I have reason to believe, that the proceedings of my own trial have opened the eyes of many; who, before they knew what was my defence, had been seduced into an injurious opinion of me : and I trust, that the more thoroughly thfc. grounds, on which my judges a6led, are examined and understood, the more convincing the proofs of my innocence will appear.

But {till some unfavourable impressions continue to operate againstme, on account of my accusation of Mr. Keppel; and for this I have been blamed, even by some persons of great respect, who were far from being indisposed to form an impartial judgement, if they were furnished with the necessary materials.

In this part of the case, my ill - fortune exposes me to the most embarrassing disad vantages. On the one hand, there is a sentence acquitting Admiral Keppel, and declaring my charges malicious and ill - founded. But, on the other hand, the manner in which I was urged and driven to become an accuser, and the grounds on which 1 could have sustained my charges, are not only ill understood, but in truth have never yet been explained by myself. The proper time for discussing this matter was, when Mr. Keppel was on his trial; but then the opportunity was denied to me. The trial being closed, and a judgement of acquittal irrevocably pronounced, it might seem invidious and unbecoming on my part to publish to the world what I should have offered in support of my charges. Such a measure I have therefore declined hitherto; nor will I be ever induced to adopt it, by any thing less than its being authoritively called for, or the most apparent impossibility of otherwise resisting the attempts to complete my ruin. But then the difficulty is, how to avoid such an extremity, without surrendering myself a quiet victim to the perfecting spirit of my enemies. The leaders of them have continually been loading my name with reproaches; and though some of them, on many accounts, have a title to much respect, yet even these so forgot all manliness of character as to assail me with the most embittered eloquence in this House, when it was known that I could not be present to defend myself. Now too, that I am present, they know the advantage they derive from my being unendowed with qualifications fora popular afiembly; and thence they are encouraged to recommence their attacks; though surely they cannot imagine, that I shall fit still,

without

676

PARLIAMENTARY a. 17S1.

without at lead endeavouring to gR ' e a check to any a per - fion aimed at me personalty. Under these circumstance ?, £houId I continue acquicfcing in theft public attacks of my character, without any attempt to repel them; more efp ?. cially at this time, when I am threatened with new efforts to keep me out of the service of my country; I should eilib - li ( h the credit of the misrepresentations by which I deem myself so highly injured. Some explanation on my part is therefore immediately requisite, to disappoint my enemies of the final accomplishment of their designs.

It is not, however, my intention to revive the consideration of the passed t ran fa It ions relative to Admiral Keppe ! and myself, farther than he and his friends shall compel roe by. their hostilities. I am well convinced, not only that very ill consequences have already arisen to the public service from the contest between that gentleman and me, but that new mischiefs will be generated if the subject is resumed. Under this impression, I think it incumbent on me to make great sacrifices of my own private feelings, rather than administer the lead pretence for any farther difeuflion of the grievances, of which the honourable Admiral and I reflectively complain. Therefore, on the present occasion, I shall avoid speaking to many points in which my character is iu - terested; and I shall keep within much narrower limits than I should prescribe to myself, if I aimed at the full defence of my conduit towards the honourable Admiral who is of - posed to me.

The friends of the honourable Admiral, in their inveltives against me, seem to place their chief reliance on the sentence pronounced by his court - martial; I mean that part of the sentence which declares my charges malicious and ill - founded. This is the bitter spring from which my enemies draw poison to impregnate their licentious declamations.

If the Admiral ' s friends were content with appealing to th is sentence as a testimony of his innocence, I, on my part, for the fake of public tranquillity, would forbear all complaint and objections; but when the Admiral or his friends, aiming at a farther persecution of me, apply that sentence to fix upon me the ( tigma of being a false and malicious ac - cufer, I cannot acquiesce, The injury is too gross to be patiently submitced to As such, - 1 feel, and will refill it.

Sir,. 1 can make many important objections against the proceedings of the honourable Admiral’s court - martial; and io far as they affelt me, I deny their authority. Should

my

A. ' i7$u DEBATES.

my enemies persevere in their threatened motion to difauali - fy me from the service of my country, they shall find me ready to lay before thi9 House a full and pointed explanation of all the hard ships and irregularities by which I conceive both the public and irfyfclf to be aggrieved; and 1 will undertake to prove my objections, from the trial printed by authority of the court, and the one published by authority of the Admiral himself. At present it would be premature to enter minutely into such a difeuffion, there being no motion before the committee to warrant it. But after having heard the sentence of Mr. Keppel’s court - martial, so loudly and indignantly prefied against me, I trust, that the committee will indulge me with some present general observations upon it.

I might say of the sentence, that the part which condemns me for malice was extrajudicial, and therefore ought not to affect me; and, legally ( peaking, I should be justified. The court was not constituted to try me, or my motives. The honourable Admiral alone was the subjc& of their jurisdiction. Whether he was innocent or guilty, was the only en quiry to which the court was competent; and so the court sometimes told me, when I put questions to the witness that related to my owncondu£h But for the present 1 will not farther urge the court’s incompetence. The complaint which J shall now enforce is, for their not hearing me. Ai prdfc - cutor, I had clearly a right to observe upon the evidence; I had a right to reply to the Admiral’s defence. To observe upon the evidence and defence, after examining witnessts to support it, is the right of every complainant, either by hirn - self or counsel, in every canfc, in every court. I say this of my own country; but should I extend the aftertion to every other country in Europe, I should not run the rifquc of much contradiction or exception. To hear observations from one party only, is contrary to natural justice, contrary to the practice of all courts I have heard of That both parties should be heard, is as essential to justice in courts - martial, as it is before other judicatures. The maxim of audi alteram partem is universal; it is the golden rule, for the guidance of all courts. But, plain and obvious as this right of being heard is, I was opposed in it by the honourable Admiral himself; and it was denied to me by his court - martial. Admiral Keppcl obje£led to my being heard on the merits in any stage of the trial, and the court yielded to the pbjeftion throughout,

( ^.

7 *

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

On the close of the evidence for the prosecution, I offered to add refs the court, and tendered a paper for that purpol ' e; but the Admiral instantly objected to my being heard, explaining himself to mean, that I had no right to make a speech on the merits in any stage of the cause; and the court, without knowing what the paper contained, after some deliberation, refoived not to hear it. I then solicited to know, whether 1 should be at liberty to address the court on the close of the evidence on each ( ide. The Admiral repeated his objection to my being heard on the merits in any Ihge; and emphatically said, that he would oppose it to the last minute, if the court had answered my queilion negatively, my intention was, to have protested against their proceedings, and declined any farther attendance. But I was milled into a belief, that finally I was to be heard; for Admiral Montagu, one of the courr, declared, than when Admiral Keppcl’s witnesses had been examined, he should be extremely glad to hear every thing the prosecutor had to say; and this declaration was not con t radioed, or in anyway dif - puted by the rest of the court. The fact 1 now {late appears only in the trial published by authority of Mr. Kcppel : the words which palfed after the court’s resolution not to hear my paper, having been ordered to be expunged from the Judge Advocate’s minutes, though part of the matter expunged had been minuted by the Judge Advocate at my particular reejuifition.

After the defence and the examination of the Admiral’s witnesses, I again prelied the court for a hearing, and claimed a right to reply to the defence, and to observe upon the evidence, giving, as an additional reason, that the defence was in great measure a recrimination of me, the prosecutor. But I was again interrupted by the Admiral, who infilled that it was unprecedented : and I was again refused a hearing by the cotirr, notwithstanding Admiral Montagu’s promilc to hear every tldrg I should have to say. Thus the trial elofed with n sentence acquitting the accused, and condemn - ing the accuser, after hearing the former, whenever he thought fit to address the court; but without once hearing the latter, either in support of his charges, or in jufli - fication of himself.

Such are the extraordinary proceedings, on the authority of which 1 have been continually the subject of popular declamation, hoih in and out of Parliament : such is the fen - ttnee, on the bails of which an honourable member of this

House

A. 1781. DEBATES.

House ha < \ I am told, pledged himself to impeach one of his Majesty’s minifttrs, and to give the final blow for my destruction.

But before he becomes an accuser, with such a sentence for his sanction, the honourable gentleman may find it convenient to deliberate on the difficulty of justifying such an irregular proceeding as 1 have described. If he undertakes the talk, he will have many strange afiertions to make, many embarrassing proportions to maintain; such as I cannot imagine any man, however confident, will presume to offer in that House.

Will the honourable gentleman say, that it is consisteAt with justice and impartiality to hear one party only

Will he assert, that it is consonant to justice to hear every thing from the accused, and at the same time to refute hearing any thing from the accuser

Will he assert, that an accuser has no right to be heard on the merits in any stage of the trial

Will he deny, that it is the practice of Parliament, and of all our courts of justice, to hear accusers and complaints of every kind, by themselves and their counsel, on the merits

Will be allow, that if the House should impeach any of the King’s ministers, it will be justifiable in the House of Lords to refuse a hearing to those appointed to conduct the impeachment ? Or, will he say, that they would submit to be restrained to the examination of witnesses only

Will he deny, that since the sera of the Resolution, the twelve Judges of England have subscribed their names to a paper, which solemnly recognizes the right of the prosecutor, to observe on the evidence and reply to the defence in treason; or will he deny, that Lord Holt, the then Chief - justice of England, was one of those judges

Will he deny, that the volumes of state trials prove a continual exercise of the fame right, in crimes of every class and denomination; in those of the higher order, those of the middle order, and those of the lower one; as well in felonies and misdemeanors as in treason

Will he deny, that the late Lord Chief Justice of the Common - pleas, when Solicitor - general, exercised this right against a noble Lord now living; or that the present Chicf - Justice of the fame court, apologized for not exercising it on the trial of the Duchess of Kingston

Will he deny, that in Mr. Horne’s case, the present Lord Chief Justice of England, recognized the right of reply as

too

v

PARLIAMENTARY A. i

too clear to bear argument, though the accused, to avoid a reply, should decline offering a ' fyll b ’ e of evidence; or will he deny, that Mr. Horne’s defence was applied to by the present Lord Chancellor, who was then Attorney - General

Will the honourable gentleman deny, that in all complaints and accusations by individual members of either House of Parliament, it is the constant practice to hear observa - tions from, and to allow the reply to the complainant; or will he d iiy, that a late member of this House exerci&d this right in the last session of Parliament, on a very ferioiis charge against the noble Lord ( Lord North ] near me

Will he deny, that the Judge - advocate, or any other person prosecuting, has a right to be heard at land courts - martial on the merits, when such proferutor requires it

Will he deny, that prosecutors, who appear and demand to be heard on the merits, are heard at naval courts - martial and say that it is unprecedented

Will he deny, that the Captains who accused Admiral Knowles, were heard in observation on the evidence and is reply to his defence

Will he deny, that Admiral Knowles was heard in observation on the evidence, and in reply to the defence of his Captains, on four several trials

Can he name one infbnce of a prosecutor, who was rc - fused to be heard by a naval court - mamal, except the in - flince of myself at the trial of Admiral Keppel; or, if be can find such, will he say that it is conformable to eila - blished practice and approved precedents, and ought to be followed

Will he assert, th3t it is ju ( I to condemn any man as a Life and malicious 2ccufer, without a trial or hearing of any kind; more efpicially in a case in which one part of the defence was a recrimination of the accuser

Will he deny, that I am inti tied to the benefit of that chapter of Magna Charta, which declares, that justice shall be denied to none; that none shall be taken or imprisoned, none shall be outlawed, none shall be banished, nqpe shall be destroyed, tinlcfs by the lawful judgement of his peers or the law of the land

Will he say, that it is not contrary to Magna Charta, contrary to justice, contray to the law of the land, to condemn to disqualify, to record me guilty, before 1 have been tried or ' heard I

Will

3

C

A. 1781. D E BAT E £L

Will he say, that it was right in Admiral Montagu to premrfe a bearing to me, and the Court to acquiesce in it, and afterwards for the fame judges to refuse me a hearing ' ? Or will he undertake to produce one other example of such a conduit from any court of this country o& a solemn trial ! '

Will the honourable gentlemaji assert, that, if he should be an accuser of any minister, or any man in this House, it will be justifiable to refuse hearing a speech from him on the merits m any stage of his accusation; or that he ought not to be heard on close of the evidence for the atcuied

Will the honourable gentleman risque having it recorded in the Journals of this House, that if he should ever he so unfortunate as to have a charge against him, whether for a malicious accusation or any other matter, it will be just to condemn and punish him without hearing one word from him in his exculpation; without suffering that eloquence, by which he has so often attacked and defended others, to be once exerted in behalf of himself

I cannot convince myself, that the honourable gentleman will risque his fame and popularity on such language and doctrine. But though he should be so transponed by the rage of party, by zeal for the Adqniral, his friend, by hatred of me, or by any other incentives, as to make such a mockery of truth and justice; or even though his committee of safety should publish to the world their implicit assent to the pofi - tion, that an Englishmen, or any man, may be condemned to utter ruin without trial or being heard; I trust that they will not nave the countenance of this honourable assembly. Atleaft, I trust, that there will not here be found a majority of such determined bigots to the cause of the honourable Admiral, and the party he is attached to If too the honourable gentleman, should thus deeply pledge himself to establish a precedent of injustice, it is ' not impossible but that he may live to suffer by his own invention. He is well resjd in the page of human life; he knows the strange viciifitudes to which it is liable; he is not ignorant, that none are exempt from a portion of its bitt. erect calamities; he must feel, that the more elevated the station the more is it exposed to the rude assaults of winds and tempests. Lightening will blaze and Ere the proud and lofty palace, whilst the low and humble cottage escapes unhurt. Let the honourable gentleman then, for a moment, explore the deep abyss of fu - ' ture events, and he wil there fee, that even he may be accus - cd; that even he may be forced before the awful tribunal of justice. But should he be thus arragned, how can he claim Vol. Ill,. 4 S, to

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781 ;

to plead in support of his own innocence; or Ihpuld he so claim, may not his judges sternly pronounce this severe and tremendous sentence of retribution ? You are the umuft judge, who condemned your fellow - subject without triiu or hearing; — < He strenuously urged you to listen to his exculpation, before you recorded him guilty; — - hcfolemnly warned you against establishing such a precedent of injustice; But your heart was steeled against the tender feelings of humanity, your car was deaf to the loud cry of justice 5 and und r the pretence of public good, you made a sacrifice to an unbridled paflton of private resentment, — Thus by his fate you promulged a law for punishing without trial; a law for your own destruction; — The law is most harsh and cruel; but you are its author; you overwhelmed your adversary by enforcing it; — Go thou, and by the fame law perish like wife; « i - this is your sentence ! — let it be eternized for the future instruction of mankind; — but henceforth let the law be repealed; — your punishment alone will suffice to teach men how to respect the equal course and order of justice.

Should the honourable gentleman defend Mr. KeppeTs court - martial for condemning me unheard, is itpoffible tha the can reflect on the affecting situation I have imagined for him and not tremble } or can those rash persons, if such there be, who shall stoop to search for precedents to uphold him in so unjust a conflict; who shall ransack the annals of injustice to sanctify such doctrine; can they, 1 say, after this notice, proceed in their office without fear of the conferences ? — No; I think it impossible ! Let them then retire in time; Jet them desist from the inglorious pursuit, before they are Covered with shame and di ( grace.

Sorry I am, that the occasion should extort from me such strong colouring, such impassioned language. But the honourable gentleman and his friends are not yet pledged to palliate of defend the condemnation of me without trial or hearing; and 1 wish, if they will not shrink from the talk of being advocates for violated justice, to leave them without the Leafs excuse for such a conduct. I am the more sorry to ipeak thus strongly; because I feel for the judges of the honourable Admiral’s court - martial. When they refleffc on the serious consequences from the dangerous example of condemn ing an officer unheard, I am sure that they will be affii&edst one part of their proceedings. I do not on this occasion allude to the acquittal of their honourable Admiral, or to the approbation they have expressed of l is conduct; but I mean,

d

A. 1781. DEBATES.

that they will lament having refilled me a hearing, and yet.. condemned me for malice. Thils much I say concerning them, left the gentlemen should. suppose that I impute to ' them a deliberate and intentional deviation from justice. Great as my sufferings have been from their imputation of malice to me, I really exculpate them in point ot intention; and I will do them the justice to believe, not only that the injury I ' complain of was not wilful, but that they will be most happy to fee me fully relieved from its dire ef - fe£ts.

These observations on the proceedings of Admiral KeppePd court - martial I submit to the committee, very much detra& from the weight and authority of their sentence. However, I do not ask to impeach the sentence, considered as an ac - cquittal of the honourable Admital. —No; let him enjoy every benefit possible to be derived from an acquittal; let his friends perpetuate the memory of it by illuminations, by triumphal processions, by parliamentary congratulations, byoft ’ erings of boxes, by addreftes, by statues, by columns and monuments, byinscriptions; let his day of accquittal be commemorated as an anniversary. But when the friends of the honourable Admiral extend their views still farther; when they declaim against me as convicted of a malicious accusation when mobs are excited to destroy my person and property, to entet forcibly and pulldown mydwelling - houses, and to insultmy friends andservants; when there are iti Parliament persons so loft to all sense of justice as to palliate such outrages and felonies, or rather almost to defend them; when the friends of the Admiral accuse me of criminal disobedience as an officer, and in the fame breath use threats to deter me from a trial; when during the pendency of my trial, they confederate to inflame my judges against me, and so to reach my life; when, notwithstanding my acquittal, they still proclaim me a guilty person; when they state Mr. KeppePs acquittal as a condemnation of me; when they justify M{ KeppePs judges for refusing to hear me, his prosecutor, and for condemning me as such unheard; and when, to complete the measure of injustice, they threaten to make the sentence by a court, which neither would hear nor had power to try me, the

f round for recording me as infamous by a vote of Parliament;

say. Sir, when all these provocations occur, can it be ek - pe£ed, that I should tamely and passively submit myself to the injuries thus heaped upon me, rather than utter any thing to the disparagement of Mr. KeppePs court - martial or their proceedings ? I am as zealous for the good of my country, I am. as ready to make sacrifices of my own personal convenience to

4 S % it

PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781.

it, as my enemies can be. But I cannot think it either for the honour or advantage of my country that any officer or man should acquicfce in such treatment. If an enquiry Into the Justice of the proceedings of Mr. Keppel’s court - martial should produce any public mischief; if thereby his acquittal becomes less splendid, less honourable; his friends, who force on the discussion, are respofible both to their country and him; not I, who am ready to bury in oblivion pad injuries if the honourable Admiral’s friends shall abdain from new provocations.

It may perhaps be said, in iudification of Mr. Keppel ' s court - martial, that there are indances of sentences by other courts - martial, acquitting the accused, and reprobating the accuser for making the charge. That there are such indaa ces I readily admit. Nay, though every thing beyond trying the accused is certainly extr - judicia ], yet, where the accuser has been heard in support of his charge, and fails gross - ly; or has declined to be heard, and admits that his charges are not proved, it may be excusable, under very aggravated circumstances, to censure the accuser, for the fake of more completely marking the injury done to the honour of the accused. But I call upon Mr. Keppel’s friends to name example of such a fligma on an accuser without allowing him to be heard/ in support of his charges, and in defence of himself for making them. Without such a hearing, how is it possible to form an adequate judgment of the conduct of the accuser, or of the grounds and motives on which he proceeds ? Who can say, what new lights may arise when a great miss of of evidence is explained, digeded, and commented upon ? Besides, as I have already urged to the committee, it cannot be fair and jud; to bear the evidence observed upon and applied by one of two contending parties, without allowing the fame benefit to the other. If that equal advantage had not been denied to me by the honourable Admiral’s court - martial, who can pretend to say what would have been the con frequence ? My defence before the court - martial upon me proves that the recrimination, on which the honourable Admiral reded part of his defence was capable of being falsified; and though there was not so much evidence to this point before his court - martial, as occurred afterwards, yet Jhere was matter amply sufficient to have evinced my innocence in the most material allegations against me, if 1 bad not been restrained from explaining myself to the court. The evidence of Captain Marshai ), commander of the repeating frigate, so warm - lv and deservedly applauded by Admiral Keppel, with the

testimonjr

Dig y

A. 1781. DEBATES.

testimony of the mate and minuting officer of the fame frigate, without any thing more, if I had been allowed to make my comments on the lignals those three witnesses swore to, would have effectually disproved the chief part of the recriminatory charge in Mr. Keppel’s defence. If too, the court had fuf fered itself to have been possessed of the ' key to so material a part of the case, who can pretend to say that it would not havecaufed impressions favourable to me ? What might have been the result, it would not become me to give my fcnti - inents, farther than saying, that I am confident it would have cleared me from the imputation of malice, even in the minds of those members of that court, who gave their consent to that part of the sentence, which was not unanimous as the acquittal was. I have still too respectable an opinion of the judgment and honour of those gentlemen, to believe that they would have entertained so injurious an opinion, if they ' had heard me.

So much I offer to the committee, to prote& myself again ! ! : any argument from that part of the sentence of the honourable Admiral’s court - martial which condemns me for malice.

Now, 5ir, I beg the indulgence of the committee for a ffiort time longer, in order that I may explain in what light 1 shall appear Wore the committee, if the extraordinary and irregular condemnation of me for malice, annexed to the honourable Admiral’s acquitttal is laid aside.

If Admiral Keppel’s case and mine are compared, independently of the words in the sentence which impute malice to me, the mod eloquent of his friends wllldind it no easy talk to discriminate between us, with the least shew of advantage to the honourable Admiral. We have both been accusers; we have both been accused; we have both been tried; we have both been acquitted. / In any one of thele points, what can the honourabe Admiral’s friends object to me, without detracttng from his fame, from his merits, from his importance, at least in an equal degree.

They indignantly object as as a reproach to me, that my charges were a recrimination. But are there no circumstances under which a recrimination may be justified ? because recrimination is preemptively and at firift a ground to suspe& that the accuser is influenced by bad and interested motives; is it therefore to be always concluded, that a recrimination cannot be true, cannot proceed on just and honourable grounds ? If the person accused thinks that the

Crime

486

x PARLIAMENTARY. A. 1781,

crime or"fault imputed to him belongs to his accuser, it is inconfifteot with honour to undertake proving it ? If too the original accuser, preferring a secret, undermining, and indirect attack on his opponent’s reputation, declines making his charge in a legal way, and so endeavours todifappoint the man he criminates of a trial; is not such a conduct a strong provocative to a well - founded recriwination ? Is there no example of such recriminations in the naval service, and have they always been condemned ? Did not Admiral Knowles’s captains recriminate, on the ground of their concciving that he attempted to shift his own faults upon them ? Was not the Admiral tried and censured upon this recrimination ? Was not the conduct of his captains much approved of by their brother officers at the time ? Will the officers of the navy concur in the opinion, that no provocations, no injuries from their commanders, shall justify a recrimination, however founded in truth ? Suppose, however, for a moment, that recrimination is ever wrong; suppose that there was no example of it before, how can the honourable Admiral and his friends detest me for recrimination without condemning him ? Are they clear, that there has not been as much of recrimination on his part as on mine ? Are they certain, that he did not recriminate with circumstances far more unfavourable than those which occurred in my case ? My accusation of him was made so as to put him uport his trial; I specified my charges 5 I risqued being a prosecutor; I abstained from being a witness. But the Admiral accused me at first in dubious and obscure terms; and though on his own trial he avowed accusation, he never would consent to bring a charge against me. Thus when I was tried, vhe became a witness against me, and delivered his testimony in so narrative a way, and with so much freedom and copiousness of obfer - vation, as to discharge the offices both of accuser and witness, land so in substance to act in two charaftes, whilst in point of form and responsibility he appeared only inone. Which then of the two accusations was the most manly, the most direct, the most open, and the most agreeable to law and justice ? Which of the two accusations most participated of the quality of recrimination; mine which followed a secret and indirect accusation; or his, which followed an avowed and direct one

The common notion, I am aware, is, that I made a charge against the Admiral to lkreen myself from a trial : —But nothing cap be farther from the real fact. Before I made any

charge

A. 1781. DEBATER

charge against the Admiral, I gave him the fullest opportunity of first charging me. Nay, in effect, I publicly called upon him in this House to bring me to a trial; for when he infi - nuated here, that he was disposed to overlook and hide my faults; I reje&ed the proffered favour as an insult, and I claimed an accusation from him, if he thought me defcrving of the least censure; observing, that hints ' and insinuations were worse and more mischievous than charges. Had the Admiral avowed accusation when he was thus urged to it, I could have had an immediate trial, without being exposed to the odium of first appearing as an accuser. But the Admiral would neither exculpate nor accuse me; knowing that the Admiralty would not grant me a trial without a charge of some kind other; or that if one had been granted without any charge under the then circumstances, it would have been called a mam trial. By this manoeuvre I was driven to the fatal alternative, either of becoming an accuser of a man too great to be questioned without the utmost hazard, or of submitting to the injurious imputation of being deemed the cause of our doing so little in the action, when, if tfiere was blame, I thought that it belonged to him. Having made my charges against the Admiral in a legal way under this em - barraffment, I again evinced my anxiety for a trial on my - £elf. For this purpose I wrote to the Admiralty, and desired that the Admiral might be required to make his charge against me, and that I might be put upon my trial jmme - dirtely after his was over. He was so required, but he stili declined a legal accusation. Yet as his defence was a direct recrimination of me, immediately after the sentence acquitting him, I wrote once more to the Admiralty, to demand a trial on. the ground of the charges appearing against me on the Admiral’s defence. Upon this, the Admiralty once more called upon Mr. Keppel for an accusation. But notwith - ftading this third requisition, founded upon his defence, he stili refused to make his charges legally. However, he would not absolutely renounce his right, as I understand the words of his letter, but only disclaimed an intention to charge me; his last letter truly observing, that the law had fixed a period for bringing charges, which in fa& was not then el&pfed. Thus he made sure of bringing me to a trial in a manlier the most advantageous to himself; the most disadvantageous to me. On the one hand, he had every reason to think that when the proceedings of his court - martial were considered by tjic Admiralty, his recriminating defence would force

. thpin

PARLIAMENTARY a. 1781 -

them to undertake the prosecution of me; in which case he was sure to be a witpefs against me, instead of being respon - fible as a prosecutor, and I was sure to be left without any specification of charges. On the other hand, by adverting to the time which the la wallows for lbch accusations, he seemed to reserve to himself a right to prosecute, if, contrary to his expectation, the Admiralty should not dire# a trial. Consider these facts, and compare my conduct as an accufcr, with the Admiral ’ s. The result will be, that all the art and policy were on the fide of the Admiral; all the openne/s, and, if we judge by events, all the unguardednest, were on mine. But 1 do no envy the honourable Admiral fiach a superiority.

It has been urged against me, that I was too late in my accusation; and that if I had thought the honourable Admiral guilty of misconduct, I ought to have avowed my fenri - ments immediately, and without waiting till he accused me. I answer thus. From the beginning, the conduct of the Admiral was not adequate to my expectations I thought, that the engagement of the 27th of July was injudiciously conducted that the manner of carrying us into action was disorderly; that there was too much neglect of manoeuvres, too much contempt of the enemy, too much confidence at first; and too much awe of the enemy, too much distance from them, too much diffidence of our & Ives afterwards. But my friend - ship and esteem for the Admiral, his previous services to his country, his high name in the world 5 these moved me to a favourable construction : and thus influenced, I imputed the miscarriage of the day to error of judgment, to ill health, to ill advice, to ill fortune, to every thing devoid of that evident and positive criminality which might force to undertake the painful office of accusing one whom I then deemed my friend. As there was not room for praise, I did not bellow it; and as I then conceived, that the Admiral ' s failures might not be wilful, I both avoided public accusation, and mod rigidly abstained from secret detraction. But new lights and new occurrences presented to my mind a very different view of the Admiral ' s conduCh When the difeontents increased through the nation, in consequence of the reflection, that a superior fleet of England had, for a time, declined continuing to engage an inferior one of France, and permitted it to return into port, in the middle of summer, unpurfued; the officers, relations, friends, and dependents of the honourable Admiral thought fit to account for this new phenomenon at

., 78 DIMTU

tbs expence of my reputation 5 and for that purpose force of them published to the world, that xpy deafults bad prevented ( eoond engagement. Being thus injuriously attacked, I both personally and by letter solicited the honourable Admiral to give a check to such afpertions. But he refused to do this justice to my character; and on converting with him and his tirft captain, I found, that they not only countenanced the ( landers against me, but added to their number, by rer futing to acknowledge, either that on coming out of the action 1 instantly wore to return to the enemy, or that they bad even once seen me on the proper tack for that purpose This explanation from the honourable Admiral and his tirft captain excited both aftoni ( hment and suspicion, I was amazed at their denial of such uncontrovertible fads, and af the Admiral’s adopting a language so incontinent with the high commendation of me in his public letter; and I then saw, that there was a plot concerted to destroy my character Without a trial, and Co to mafee me chargeable for the Admiral’s failures. My feelings on the occasion were the fbonger; because I was conscious, that the chief part of tbp battle had fallen to the share of me and my division; that f had set an example of forwardness to pursue our blow, by instantjy returning upon the enemy, and continuing to ( land towards them again; that, though the la ft out of the engage - mcm, I was advancing to be the tirft in the renewal of it;. and that I should have bad that honour, if the Admiral had not declined renewing the action, and taken his fleet in adi - rection from the enemy. Under these circumstances, it was natural, that I should ferutinize the Admiral’s conduct more rigidly, and no longer fee it with the partial eyes of a friend $ and on such a view of, the unhappy miscarriage, I at length imputed to real neglect, what I before had afcribeJ to causes which might be pajdqned, more especially in consideration of former services, and such a ? at tirft did not Teem to me to preclude the hopes of better management in case of again meet - ing the enemy, Indeed, if, ld Mr. Keppei’s place, there bad been a man indifferent to me, one of whom I had not before formed a very high opinion, it is probable, that my mind would bayeihaped a. different course, probably my first judgment of the matter might have been the/ame harm one, as is conveyed by the charges against the Admiral. But what apology c n he make for the lateness of his peculation; be, who had the charge of the fleet, and the command inj chief; be, in whom the nation reposed its confidence, not; only for the discharge of his own duty, but to see that those unaer him completely performed what they owed to the state ? Vol. III. 4T Whaf

le

PARLIAMENT ARY A. 178

What apology can he make for first praising me by a public letter, and in equal degree with Sir Robert Harland, and af - terwards accusing me for the fame affair ? Shall he be at liberty to recra& his applause, and to substitute accusation for it ? Shall he be allowed to say, that his heart dictated con - sure, whild his pen wrote praise ? And shall mere ( ilence restrain me from accusation, or be imputed to me as mfincc - rity and inconfiftcncy

As to the date of the proofs on the two trials, I purposely avoid all comparison; because that would be entering into the merits of them, which I think would at this time be improper.

If the Admiral’s friends choose to pursue the subject, and to contrail my trial and the terms of my acquittal with his, I do not fear the comparison. His sentence, it is true, is more pompously expressed than mine; but when the incidents to the two trials are considered, it will be more than a counterbalance for the external brilliancy of his acquittal. The Admiral had every advantage to favour him on his trial He was aided by the influence of the mod extensive family connexions; he wa9 backed by the whole party in opposition to government, the heads of which daily crouded the trial to countenance and prote£t him. He was not wholly unaided even by some of the profelTed friends of Administration. His judges throughout refused a hearing to me as a prosecutor. Having announced myself an accuser, I, from motives of delicacy, declined to appear as a witness. Before the trial. Parliament altered the place of trial in his favour, to accommodate him, without so much as a solicitation of this dif - tin&ion from himself; and a number of Admirals petitioned the King to throw a slur upon the accusation. But I had no such advantages. Indead of them, I had the mod trying difficulties to encounter : the prejudice from having been declared by Mr. Keppel’s judges, a malicious accuser : the prejudice from the inflamed and mad date of the multitude through the kingdom : the prejudice from having my accuser a witness : the prejudice from the votes of the two Houses of Parliament in favour of Mr. Keppel : the prejudice from the continual efforts of the party in opposition to government v against me, to deter me from having a trial : the prejudice from the efforts, nay from the menaces, of the fame persons, to aggravate the difficulties of such a disadvantageous trial : whilst, from beginning to end, there was the moil apparent passiveness on the part of those in government and their friends : the prejudice from the want of A ( pecific charge:

y ' i

A. i7 < i.

DEBATES.

691

the prejudice from the threats to my judges if they acquitted.

With the prejudice from the applause promised if they condemned. With such advantages on Mr. KeppeJ’s parr, acquittal became so easy to him, that, though there had been faults the most censurable, condemhation was barely possible.

With such disadvantages on my fide, it was even surprising, how innocence could escape the fiery trial. Which acquit -. til then was most honourable, Admiral Keppel ’ s, with every prejudice, every indulgence, every exertion, every advantage for bun; or mine, with every prejudice, every obliacle, every hardship, every advantage, against me

June 29.

The order of the day for examining witnesses on the petition of the American prisoners confined in Mill - Prison, at Plymouth, was read, and Dr. Farquharson, of the Sick and Hurt Office, was called to the bar. He informed the House, that the prisoners had an allowance per day, per man, of one pound of bread, three quarters of a pound of meat, one pot of beer, half an ounce of butter or of cheese, together with about half a1 pint of pease, or greens in proportion in lieu thereof This was not so much as the French, Spanish, and Dutch prisoners were allowed, for they had one pound and a half of bread a day. He said, that this allowance was made for them before the war with France and the other powers commenced, and they had in making the ratio referred to the precedent in 1745, as applicable to the case of the American prisoners; but the allowance was greater than that which was given to the rebels in that time, ' for they had only a pound of bread, half a pound of meat, and a quarter of a pound of cheese; they had neither beer nor greens allowed them. He said, that they were allowed the fame clothes now as they had been from the beginning, that they had a large airing ground, that they were healthy and vigorous; as a strong proof of which he would mention, that though they had been attacked by the small - pox, yet out of six hundred and thirty - one prisoners in four years only eighteen had died. Mr. Mullinan spoke to the fame fa&.

Mr. Fox then rofc, and said, that as the gentlemen had atMr. JV *. least confirmed one part of the allegations contained in the, petition of the American prisoners, viz. that they were not; treated so well, nor allowed the fame quantity of provisions that the French, Spanish, and Dutch prisoners were, - he would submit to the House the propriety and policy of rhT$ conduct. Whethrr it was fit, prudent, or wife, that we

4T *

should

9 *

C

PARllAMENTAftT A.

K < #tU

should make a didin&ion in favour of the did inveterate enemies of this country, to the prejudice of those who were, and whom we hoped would one day be again our fellow subjects. If any preference were to be shewn, he conceived it ought with prudence and policy to be made in favour of America, but at lead there ought to be no didindion made to their disadvantage. He would therefore he said move for an act - dress to his Majesty to put them on the fame footing, unless feme gentleman in office would give the House an a durance, that without any farther proceeding it ( hnuld be done.

Admiral Keppel spoke to the fame effe#; Supported the justice and the generosity of the idea of treating them at lead with equal kindness; and recommended to the House to adopt the wife policy of conciliating the minds of the Americans by offices of tenderness and predilection, by which they might be prompted to treat the subjects of this country in their hands with equal attention; and by this intercharge of kindness the old friendship and connexion might be renewed. He mentioned a circumdance which came within his own knowledge. When he was at Plymouth, in the command of the fleet, he received a letter from a person in that jail, dating that he was called upon by a large body of the American prisoners, then in custody, to apply to him to solicit his interference in their favour, that they might be permitted, to serve his Majesty on board his royal navy against the French, the ancient enemies of Great - Britain. They were eager to do this from the regard which they had for Britain, though as Americans they had taken up arms for the preservation of their domedic freedom, yet they were eager gnd anxious to exert themselves against the common enemy; and if they were granted this requed, they woulJ then cheers fully submit to be tried for their offence in taking up arms in the original cause of America against the mother country. The person who wrote this letter said, that he was not an American, but an Englishmen, taken on board an American privateer; that he had fought under the Admiral in the reduction of the Havannah, and was anxious again to share in the dangers and the triumphs of his country. This offer he considered as so honourable to themselves, as well as advantageous to the country, that he transmitted the letter to the Admiralty with an earned recommendation on his own part to accept theproposal, and give him liberty to take advantage of the offer. About two hundred excellent seamen would have been procured by this means for his Majesty’s service; bat the Admiralty, for what reason he was never able to learn.

6, 3

A « ty8i p E B A T E S.

bad thought proper to refuse the request. They hdd, however, adopted it since that time.

Mr. Pent an rose, he said, not to inform the honourable Mr. Pent™. gentleman that any measures would be taken to put the American prisoners on the fame allowance as the French,

Spanish, and Dutch prisoners; he thought that the provision made for the American prisoners was fully efficient. It was declared to be so by the witAefies at the bar, and the best proof of it was the remarkable health in which they had continued during the time of their confinement.

Mr. Bomber Gascoyhe said, that the American prisoners Mr. Bomber were not only put on a better footing than the rebels were in but they had absolutely more provision than our own soldiers when on board the transports. He thought it would bo wrong to put them on the fame footi ng as the French and other prisoners of war; they were not prisoners of war, but were entertained better than any other prisoners under the fame predicament. It was natural for prisoners to complain; and nobody could blame them; but it was wrong in gentlemen tobringevery complaint from prisoners before Parliament till the nature of it had been considered. He never knew a judge enter a town, on the circuit, but there was always a complaint preferred to him by the prisoners against the jailor; and he could say, that he seldom, if ever, found the charge to be true. As to promising that the Americans should receive a larger allowance than their present, he would do no such thing; he thought it already sufficient, and considerably greater than one half of England enjoyed. A motion for an address he thought prematore; for it should be preceded by a refolu - tion, flaring some grievance that had been proved to the House.

Mr. Fox admitted the propriety of the last observation, Mr. r « *.

and moved, " That it is the opinion of this House, that the American prisoners are entitled to an equal allowance of bread with the French, Spanish, and Dutch prisoners and before he fat down, he condemned the cruelty, inhumanity, and barbarity of treating Americans worse than other prU foners. He insisted, that if a pound and a half were necessary to a Frenchman, one pound was inefficient for an American : and on the other hand, if one pound was sufficient for the American, the odd half pound was unnecessary to the Frenchman; it was thrown away, and ought to be withheld,

Lord

L

694 PARLIAMENTARY A 178. 1

£ord Nwth, Lord North said, the present allowance to the Americans was sufficient for their purpose; and he was convinced, that every gentleman in the House knew, that the bulk of the people of England, particularly the labouring men, were not able to lay out, individually, so tauich money in the article of provisions as was allowed for the support of each American prisoner. He thought the Americans ought to be treated with humanity; and it was proved at the bar that they were so; and when it should be considered that they had a far greater allowance than the rebels in 1745; that they had a greater allowance even than our own troops fer - ving on board transports, he could not fee that they had the kaft cause to complain : they were fed and clothed so as that their health was preserved; and what was - sing, out of so many as six hundred and thirty - one, only eighteen had died in four years. He thought therefore, that it would not be sufficient to reje£ the motion before the House; but that other resolutions should be proposed, flating the fafts as they had been proved at the bar, that the wodd might be able to judge of the truth or false - hood of the charge. A precedent of allbwance in former wars, made the government incline to give the French, Spa - niih, and Dutch prisoners this greater allowance; but it was finely a bad argument to say that the Americans had too little, ' because the French had more than enough. This was exactly the state of the case. He did not believe that the British prisoners in America had the fame, or so good, an allowance.

Mr. Burke. Mr. Burke replied to Lord North. He began with ob -

_ serving, that the choice of precedents in this case was a little

unfortunate; for there being a good and a bad one, the bad one was cholen, though the good was the most recent; in - flcad of feeding men by the precedent immediately before our eyes, we flarved them by resorting to that of the year 1745. He denied that the British prisoners were worse treated in America than the Americans in this country; af - ferting, on the contrary, that they were quartered in the villages, and supplied with all that the markets could produce. ’ Fie aferibed the ill usage of these poor men to the rancour and revenge that had pervaded our whole system of politics with respect to America, and contended, that it would be as pernicious to our cause as it was inhuman in its nature.

With nefpeft to that declaratory motion the noble Lord intended to make, Parliament might, he said, make resolutions,

hut

6y

A. i ) 8ii DEBATES.

but people would look to fa£l$, and no declarations could convince contrary to plain evidence.

The Lord Advocate argued strenuously on the opposite fide, The condemning in very pointed terms the calumniative spirit Mvkm which had propagated these libels on the national munificence, and enforcing the propriety of defeating them, not by a general declaration, but by holding forth to the world specifi - cally what the allowance complained of actually is.

Mr. Fox answered the learned Lord, and with that open - Mr. ness which constantly marks and dignifies his conduct, declared, that his opinion had all along been of the American cause, that it was the cause of freedom, the cause of consti - ' tution, the cause of Whiggifm, and he had in its origin fin - cerely wished it fucccfs. If he had been an American, he believed he knew himself well enough to think that he would not have been inactive; but being an Englishmen, he had considered it as his duty, and it was his inclination to confine his efforts to an ardent opposition to those sanguinary measures that had involved us in this war, and which being hof - tile to freedom, he had considered as contrary to the true interests of his country. He passed again to the subject in debate, and said, that when the noble Lord attributed the good health of the prisoners to the allowance and supply from Government, his Lordship had omitted the liberal subscriptions that had been raised for their comfort and support; and which had this effect, that they convinced America that England was not yet without numbers who had hearts to commiserate the distreffes of prisoners; while Administration had nothing in view but to satiate their revenge.

The Lord Advocate said he resented the charges of malice, The Urd resentment, and revenge, brought by the honourable mem - ber against Aministration; they were as false as unmerited, and whenever the honourable gentleman should raise up the rod of correction, he would retort it back, and treat the honourable member according to the example he set. He wa9 not surprised that the honourable gentleman rejoiced at the succesles of our enemies; successes to which he had not a little contributed by his language and condnft in that House.

Sir P. J, Clerke called to order, as the Lord Advocate had £‘r J - spoken once before; this brought on a debate relative to er ' order, which lasted half an hour. When it was over,

Lord Fielding role, and laid, he need not treat with much ceremony the motion of a gentleman who treated several acts

of

60 PARLIAMENTARY A. ij8i *

of the legislature so disrespectfully : By those those the An > c - ricans were pronounced rebels; yet the honourable gentle - ? man had in fa&wished them success. The rebellion of 1745 had been mentioned; he was convinced that if the honour ? able gentleman had lived at that time, and had fpokenof the victories of the rebels at Falkirk and Preston - Pans, in the same manner he spoke of the American victories, twenty members would have ( farted up at once to have him committed to the Tower.

TbtScndtor The Solicitor General arraigned the condqft of Mr. Fox Gatrsl. iii very severe terms. He asked him if he intended to confine himself to bare wishes for the success of the Americans $ Did he intend to draw the sword, put on the American uniform, and inlist under Walhington, to fight the battle of America, and point his sword against the breast of his countrymen

1 Mr. Fox disdained to give any reply to calumnies drawn from misrepresentation.

The House divided. Ayes 27; noes 75.

M F « r. Mr. Fox haying loft his first question, nose again, and moved his addreis, as he at first proposed, introducing it by fomc animadversions on the language of the Loud Advocate io the former debate. He jprotefied to glory in ' having always adhered to whig principles, and, as a consequence of that way of thinking, to the claims of America : he did not deny that he wished America to be successful; but how, in any other manner, be promoted them, the learned Lord perhaps could tell; he could not : this be would say, however, no man had more strenuoufiy endeavoured to prevent those vi&orics than he had, by endeavouring prevent the quarrel which peceflarily gave rife to them *

Seerttary at The Secretary at War said, that after the resolution on fr which it was to have been founded had been negatived by the House, surely they could not agree to the present motion without making their proceedings ridiculous; he should therefore move the previous question.

Mr. Fox. Mr. Fqx9 in reply to this, answered, that be had no objection to make the former vote ridiculous.

Lord North. Lord North persuaded his honourable friend to withdraw his previous question, and to suffer the motion to meet its fate, a direct negative. The honourable gentleman vanced, that he wanted to make the House ridiculous and inconsistent; it was therefore a question between him and the House, whether they would gratify him in beco - 4 ming

A. 178/, 1 ) E f A t fi Si ’ 69 )

thing so, and their fenfc ought to be taken Upon it.. The honourable gentleman’s explanation of his fentimeats towards America, he could not but admire : The learned Lord had ill - treated him, in saying he promoted the victories of America} he did not accuse the honourable member of any trea sonable deiign against his country, he did not know of any; and he was very sure that no one would attempt to bring, as a charge against him, that he wished success to the British - arms; that was a charge of which the honourable member had taken no small pains to convince the House he was completely innocent. The honourable gentleman had gtorie L in his whig principles, and had frequently given such an ex - position of them, that he must confess for himself, if such was whiggifro, he was a ( launch tory; for the honourable gentleman’s principles went to no lefa than the establishing a power in every individul to renounce his allegiance at plea - > sure; a power absolutely incomparable with the rxistence of any society in the universe. Here his Lordship entered into an examination of whig principles, as applied to the American war; dating that it was reconcileable with the opinions of Lord Somers, and every other great character of that party. As to the subscriptions for the Americans, they were too trifling to be supposed the cause of the good health that had been remarked among them; and he was condrmed in that opinion by a paper in his hand, from which it appeared, that during the prei ' ent year one prisoner had died; in the last year two; and in the year before eight. Now it was remarkable that in the present and last year there had been no subscriptions; yet in both years there had died bat thrdeh prisoneTs; whereas eight had died in 1779, the year in which subscriptions had been raised.

The motion was negatived.

The Lord Advocate then moved a proportion, < c that it

appears to this House, that the allowance of provisions giveb #w. to the American prisoners is to each person in every week 1‘even quarts of beer, seven pounds of bread, four pounds and a half of meat, four ounces of butter, or fix ounces of cheese, together with two pints of pease, or greens in lieu thereof; and that the said American prisoners have during their confinement been remarkably healthy. " To this motion the Lord Advocate originally added, that this provision was greater than that allowed to our own troops when at sea on board transports, but this on the l ' uggeftion of his friends he omitted.

Vol. IIL 4U M *

$9 PARLIAMENTARY A. 1781

Mr. Fk >. Mr. Fox said, it would be only deceiving the world to state die bare fa&, without letting them know that a distin&ion was made between Frertch prisoners, who were treated ge - nerously, and Americans, who were cruelly oppreifed; and that the resolutions of this day would not only excite the indignation of all Europe against tis; but bring down the horrors of retaliation on our subjects, prisoners m America.

Cen. Bur - General Burgoyne said, that it was not a fair date of the VJ t case, that the Americans had more than our soldiers in tran - sports : The truth was, that the soldiers had their pay going on, which enabled the officers to advance them money to get a thousand little necesiaries to make their situa - tion more comfortable.

Lord tftrtb. Lord North said, that the honourable general was a little mistaken. The allowance was a pound of bread and half a pound of beef a week less to the soldiers than to the American prisoners, and their pay was not as great while at fca as on shore ., As to the indignation of Europe, and the terror of retaliation, he did not apprehend either : Let the allow -, ance ( peak for itself; it was sufficient; and Europe would think so with him. As to retaliation, he wished to provoke the Americans to such retaliation; our prisoners in America would have reason to rejoice at it, and reconciliation might grow from it, when the Americans should know their fellow citizens, prisoners in England, had a more ample allowance than their own soldiers in America, who were fighting their battles. The situation of our countrymen, prisoners in America, was truely deplorable; and we had been told more than once, by the rebels in authority, that if wc did not feed them they might starve : the honourable general could speak upon the subject; to his honour he appealed for a fair answer, whether our, soldiers, prisoners in America, were treated in any degree like American prisoners in England ? Cfn. Bur - General Burgoyne replied, that while he lay at Cambridge

l ynt. he had many causes of complaint respecting the treatment his troops had experienced; but still it was not on the fcorc of provisions.

I© dG or 1 Lord George Germaine replied, that many complaints had

term tin *, been made from the honourable general’s army while he was with it, but still more after he left it, on the score of provisions; and there was not a post that arrived from America which did not bring him letters filled with complaints of the barbarity experienced by our prisoners at the hands of the Americans. 1 he question was carried.

Mr.

AiiySu D £ B A 1 £ §•

Mr. Fox then moved, as a fit proportion to follow that of the learned Lord, " That it appears to this House that the said allowance is less by one half pound of bread per man per diem than is allowed to French, Spanish, and Dutch pri - Toners. "

Lord North moved the previous question, and the motion was got rid of by this means.

The Lord Advocate then moved another resolution : €t That The it appears to this House that the clothing furnished to the American prisoners has been fully sufficient, and has been Tent to them as often as the fame has appeared to be wanting; and that the said cloathing is furnifiled at the public expence, and has never been disconiinued. "

The motion was also agreed to.

The House then in a committee went through the Ekd - India Charter Bill, and received the report. — Adjourned to July 2.

July Zs

No debate.

7u/y 3•

Palled the India regulating bill.

The bill for allowing merchants to warehouse sugar, upon bond, was reported to the House, with several amendments. Counsel were heard in opposition to the bill on the behalf of the sugar - refiners, warehouseipen, and others, who had petitioned against it. They condemned its principle on several grounds, and contended that it was too late in the feihon for an act of such importance to pass, confident with the wisdom and justice of the legislature; but Mr. Erskine, who at. tended as counsel for the warehousemen, chiefly confined his objections to that particular clause, which enacted, that ho bonded sugars should be lodged in any other warehouses than those between London - bridge and the Tower, or within a quarter of a mile northward from that line. The learned ' gentleman reprobated this limitation as a mere job, calculated to answer the purposes of private intered; there could be no solid reason assigned why this region of preference was better calculated for the housing of such sugars than the south fide of the river, or any didrift within an equal didance, pad or wed of the Custom - house; and yet mould such a provision pass into a law, it mud infallibly ruin the owners ef warehouses in those parts, who had formerly employee )

4 V a 4 their

L

P AH LI AMENT AR V. A. 176

their premises in hooting sugar, several of whom wrere - poor widow and orphans : he observed, that this was a new kind of redri&ion; for when dmilar indulgences had been granted on rum and tobacco, the commissioners of the customs had a power of licensing any warehouses they pleased for the reception of such articles; a discretion, which, he believed, had seldom or never been abqled, and therefore he traded it would in this case be also allowed.

The counsel having withdrawn from the bar, a short de > bate arose on the subject of Mr. Erfkines argument, and at length his proportion was adopted, a clause being inroduced, empowering the commissioners of the customs to licence warehouses at fpffcrance for that purpose, though without the legal boundary, when they think in their discretion it may be done confidently with convepience and die intcreftof the revenue.

The report was then read a second time, and ordered to be engrossed with its amendments. After which, the House immediately adjourned to Thursday next. 1

7uIy 5 -

The Lord Advocate presented from the Secret - committee the appendix to the lad report on India affairs. —Adjourned to July 11.

July ur

No debate. — Adjourned to July 16.

July 16.

The Attorney General brought in a bill to amend a clause in the Cocoa - Hut bill, which jud passed the Lords; the clause was that which impowered two judices of peace to determine, and made their determination final in all cases litigated under the Cocoa - bill. This clause, which it was agreed to have expunged : and, in consequence of which agreement, an application for hearing4counfel against it was withdrawn, had inadvertently passed both Houses. To rtmedy this defect, this bill was read tfirec times to - day, and sent up to the Lords.

The Bengal Jurisdiction bill, with the amendments which had been made in it in the Upper House, was read, when fr. Burke• Mr. Burke informed the House, that there was certain

advice received in town from India, that a mod disgraceful agreement had been made between the Supreme Court and

L

? ot

A. 17&1. DEBATES.

the governor and council, and that the Chief Justice, in dif obedience of a poiitive act of parliament, had accepted of a valuable place. This condua would, require a very serious investigation in another fession, when the consideration of this subject w as to be renewed; and in the mean time, the bill, even with the amendments that had been made, might be Suffered to pass for the short time that was to elapse, be7 fore a regular and permanent system of law could be settled for that country.

Mr. Gregory said, that no official account had been receiv -

ed of the ftiameful transaction alluded to by the honourable gentleman, but he had every reason to believe the report which had been received to be authentic; and it certainly would merit the attention of the legislature at as early a pe riod as they could possibly take it up.

The bill then passed with the amendments, and was carried up to the House of Lords, — Adjourned *

July 17.

No debate *

July 18.

The Gentleman Usher of the black rod attended with his Majesty’s commands, that the Commons Should repair to the House of Peers, whereupon they immediately went; and the business there being finished, the Speaker and Several of the Commons returned to their own House, when the Speaker retired to unrobe, and then returning to the table, round which the members flood, he read the Speech which his Ma - Jefty had just delivered in the Upper House.

The Speaker then informed the House, that it flood prorogued to the 13th of September next.

&Hp OF THE THIRP VOLUflfc,

CATALOGUE of BOOKS and PAMPHLETS, Printed and sold by J. DEBRETT, ( Successor to Mr *

HE PARLIAMENTARY REGISTER. Contain -

ing the moil full and accurate account of the Debates and Proceedings of both Houses of Parliament, from the general Election, in 1774, to the Dilfolution, in 1780. In seventeen Vol. Price ol. 6s. half - bound and lettered.

This Work has been honoured with the Approbation and Afliilance of many of the first Persons in this Country; nor has the Encouragement given to this Work by the Public been a less honourable Testimony of their Approbation also. Flattered by these Rewards, the Editors have never helitated at any Expence in procuring authentic Copies of all important Papers, that might enrich the Work, and render it worthy of the public Patronage.

Considerations on the Principles of Naval Discipline, and Naval Courts - martial; in which the Doctrines lately laid down in the House of Commons upon those Subjects are examined, and the Conduit of the Courts - martial on Admiral Keppel and Sir Hugh Palliser are compared. Second Edition, Price 2s.

A Lilt of the Officers of the Militia of England and Wales, for the year 1781. Embodied the 26th of March, 1778. Tables of their Pay and Arrears; and a complete Index of the Officers Names. Ninth Edition. Corrected to June 1781, Price is. 6d.

A Letter to the Right Hon. William Eden, occasioned by a Pamphlet commonly attributed to him, and entitled Considerations submitted to the People, on their present Condition with Regard to Trade and Constitution. Price

Corrupt Influence Removed, in Two Letters to the People of England. Price is.

Observations on the natural and civil Rights of Mankind, by the Rev. Thomas Northcote, Chaplain in the Royal Artillery. Price is.

The Origin and authentic Narrative of the present Mar - ratta War, and also of the late Rohilla war, in 1773 and 1774; whereby the East India Company’s Troops ( as Mercenaries ) exterminated that brave Nation, and openly drove them for Asylum and Existence into the Dominions of their former mod inveterate Enemies. To which is added. The unaccountable Proceedings in the Ordnance and Military tore - keeper’s Office in Bengal, Price 2s.

Almon ) opposite Burlington House,

is. 6d.

BOOKS, PAMPHLETS, Vt.

’ Authentic Abstracts of Minutes in the Supreme Courted of Bengal, on the late Contrail for Draught and Carriage Bullocks, for victualling the European Troops, and for yi&ualling JForN William; the Augmentation of General Sir Eyre Coooote’s Appointment, and Continuation of Brigadier - general Stibbert’s Emoluments, though superseded in the chief Command; and a Remarkable Treaty, offensive and defendve, with the Rahah of Gohud, a Marietta Price is. 6d.

The Right, Intend, and Duty of Government, as concerned in the Adairs of the East Indies. The case ae dated, and Argument upon it, as find written by Governor Pownall,

M. P. in 1773 now revised. Price is. 6d.

Original Minutes of the Governor - general and Council of fort - William, in Bengal, on the Appointment recommended and carried by Mr. Hadings, in October, 1780, of Sir Elijah Impey, to be Judge of the Sadder Dcwanny Adawlet, with a Salary of five thousand six hundred Sicca Rupees a Month, or 77951. pet Annum. Price is.

This Day is published, Price Number 80, being the

lad Number of the Twelfth Volume, which may now be Lad, Price 6s. 6d. half - bound and lettered .; containing the authentic Accounts of every important Event, during the Summer, both at Home and Abroad. With many intered - I ing Papers, no where else to be found; and a complete Index to the Volume of the Remembrancer, or, Impartial Repofi - tory of public Eveots. This Number contains the whole Corrcfpondcnoe between the Speakers of the General Aflem - bly of Barbadoes and the Agent of the Iliand here; as also of the Proceedings of the Assemblyitfelf, and of the People at large, qn Occasion of the very unjudifiable and extraordinary Conduit of their Governor, Major General James. Cunninghame, in the Administratiou of the Government of that Illjincl.

In the Prefer and specdUy ' will be The intered -

ing Memorial of Nathaniel Weckes, Esq. late Judge of the Court of Vice Admiralty of the Island of Barbadoes, who who was unjudly suspeaded in his Office, by Major General James Cunninghame, Governor of the said Island, to die Right Hon. the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

