A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. ' C. 2—5.

cap. 11.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An API to prohibit, for a

limited ‘Time, the Exportation of Hay.

[Continued until one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six* 4 s.

CAP. IV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year-of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An ASI for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships

belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers

for the better carrying on Trade arid Commerce between the Subjects of his Majrflfs Dominions and the In-

habitants of the [aid United States; and for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An API to extend the Powers of an

Ac7, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his Mojefy certain Powers for

the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inha-

bitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Co-

ionics and Plantations in America, with rfpeft to certain Articles therein mentioned.

[23 Geo. 3. e. 39.—2qGeo* 3. c. 45.-25 Geo. 3. c. 5.—continued until April5, 1787.]

CAP. V.

An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland.

4 \T7HER E A S by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for repealing the Duty imp fed on Tea by an API passed in the last Session of Parlia-

4 merit, andforjgranting other Duties in lieu thereof j for repealing so much of several APIs as relates to the

4 Removal of Tea; for diretling the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of exciseable

4 Commodities; and for betterJecuring the Duties on (Candles; it was enacted, That from and after the tenth

4 Day of Atsguft one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it should be lawful for any Person or Persons,

4 who should have paid all his Majesty’s Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament payable for any of the

4 respective Commodities in that Act mentioned in that Behalf, or for any Person or Persons who should

4 buy or be lawfully intitled to any of the said Commodities from the Person or Persons who actually paid

4 his Majesty’s Duties thereupon, to export from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any such

4 respective Commodities for which all the Duties had been paid, to^my Foreign Parts by way of Mcr-

4 chandize, upon the Terms, and according to the Directions therein after mentioned: And whereas it is

4 expedient to allow the Exportation of Hops of British.Growth to Ireland, by way of Merchandize, upon

4 his Majesty’s Duties payable in respect of such Hops, having been duly charged thereon, and before the

4 said Duties have been paid;’ be it therefore enaftea by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Drelent Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the sixth Day of March one thousand

(even hundred and eighty-six, it mall be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, from any lawful Quays,

and in the lawful Hours, any such Hops to or for Ireland, upon the Terms and according to the Directions

herein after mentioned; that is'to say, The Person or Persons intending to export such Hops to or for

Ireland^ shall give fix Hours Notice of the Time and Place of shipping such Hops unto such Officer of

Excise, of the Place where the fame shall be shipped, as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Com-

missioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them, for the Time being,

and of the Name of the ship or Vessel in which the fame are intended to be shipped and exported, and of

the Master or Commander thereof, and of the particular Port or Place in Ireland to which such Hops are

intended to be exported; and such Officer shall take an Account of the Quantities of such Hops so intended

to be exported, and of the Mark of the Weight or Tare of each Bag, Pocket, and Cask of such Hops,

marked on the Outside of each such Bag, Pocket, or Cask, and of the Planter or Planters Name or Names,

and the Place of his or their Abode, together with the Dates of the Year in which such Hops were grown,

marked in Manner aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That if the Person or Persons so intending to ship such Hops, shall not begin and

proceed to ship the fame at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time,

then such Notice shall be void, and such Person or Persons, so intending to ship such Hops, shall be obliged

to give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers of the Time and Place when and where such Hops are

intended to be shipped in order to be exported; and the Officer of Excise of the Place where the fame shall

be shipped, shall attend and fee the fame put on Shipboard; and the Exporter of the said Hops shall also,

before the shipping the fame, give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners

of Excise, or the major Part of them, or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose, in treble the

B 2 Value

s

*5 Geo. J.c. 74*

From Itfarth

1786, Britishb

Hop* may be

exported to Ire-

land, before

Duties paid, o*

giting proper

Notice, Stc*

If not exported

agreeable to No-

tice, a freth No-

tice to be given*

Security to be

g ven that the

Hop? shall not

b« relanded. Sec.

