I i

i i

370 C. 32. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Niidm of Boat*

belonging to such

Veflfcli to be

fainted on their

Sterna, ice. on

Penalty of being

forfeited.

Boats not be-

longing to Vef-

f Is to have their

Names, &c.

painted oo their

Steins, on Pe-

nalty of being

forfeited, if

found *ithin

ft ur Leagues of

the Cojft.

A ft not to ex-

tend to toy Vd"-

iei in the Scrtice

of his Majesty's

Nary, Arc.

If VefTe’s having

a Licence from

the Admiralty

should be found

out of* 1 he Limits

thereof, they

may be fiired.

unit fs it be

made appear

that they were

driven rhereout

determined by Di ft refs of

Weather,

Licences to be

pr» du< ed to Offi-

cers of the Re-

venue who shall

hoard such Vef-

ftls within four

Leagues of the

Coast, otherwise

the WfTel ipay

be feia:d.

V<.fTel» feiseJ

IT?y difpt.fei

of a '.*eeibU ;o

rec.ud Ail.

27Oeo. 3.C. 30;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of every Ship or

Vessel belonging as aforesaid, shall paint, or cause or procure to be painted, upon the Outlide of the Stern of

every Boat belonging to such Ship or WfTel, the Name of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to

which (he belongs, and the Mailer’s Name within-fide of the Transura, in white or Yellow Roman Letters,

not less than two Inches in Length, on a black Ground, under the Pain of forfeiting every such Boat, and

such Boat shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of any Boat or Boats

not belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall and are hereby required to paint, or cause or procure to be painted,

upon the Stern of evtry such Boat, in white or yellow Roman Letters, oftwoInches in Length, on a Black

Ground, the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Boats, and the Port or Place to

which such Boat belongs, under Pain of forfeiting every such Boat which shall be found within the Limits of

any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, without having the Name

or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Boats so painted as aforesaid, and such Boat shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry,

Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, nor any Vessel or Boat whatever in the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, Vidual-

ling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post-office, nor any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop,

Smack, or Yawh nor any Vessel whatever, the Owner or Owners of which shall have a Licence for navi-

gating the fame from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for

the Time being, agreeably to the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions of the said herein-before recited Act,

with rtfped to certain VelTcIs and Boats therein mentioned, nor any Lighters or Barges used solely in Rivers

or Inland Navigations.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop,

Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, for which there shall have been

obtained from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the

Time being, pursuant to this Act, or the before-recited Act made in the said twenty-fourth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, a Licence limiting or confining the Navigation orTradeof such Cutter, Lugger,

Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to and from or within any par-

ticular Port or Ports, Place or Places, and such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or

Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be found in any Port or Place other than that to and from or

within which (he shall be so licensed to navigate or trade, such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop,

Smack, or Yawl, and such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the same Manner

as (he might be or would have been, in case of no Licence having been procured for her.

* VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

forfeit ^ny such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any such Ship, Vessel, or

Boat, which shall be found in any Port or Place other than that to and from or within the Limits of which

(lie shall be so confined or limited to navigate or trade, in case it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction

of the Commissioners of the Customs, that such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or

Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, was driven or forced thither by unavoidable Necessity or Distrefeof

Weather.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Commander, or other

Person having or taking the Charge, Command, or Care of any Cutter, Lugger,"ShalIop, Wherry, Sloop,

Smack, or Yawl, or of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which by this Act, or the before-recited Act made in

the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, is or are required to be licensed as aforesaid, shall,

and they are hereby required to produce such Licence to every Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise,

who shall board them within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coasts

thereof, on the fame being required by such Officer or Officers; and in case any such Matter or Com-

mander, or other Person having or taking the Charge, Command, or Care of any such Cutter, Lugger,

Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not have such Licence

on board, or shall not produce such Licence to any Officer or Officers of the Customs of Excise requiring

the fame, as before mentioned, or if the Licence is produced to the Officer of the Customs or Excise, with-

out an Indorsemetit thereon, that the proper Security has been given to the Collector of the Port to which

such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be-

long, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to seize such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry,

Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the fame shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop,

Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, and all and every Snip, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be ferzed by virtue

or in pursuance of this Act, shall be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied in such and the like Manner,

and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Velfclsand Boats forfeited by the said

herein -before recited Act are directed to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied.

IX. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majestyv inti-

4 tided. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capaci-

6 tics therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Ghfsy imposed by an Act made in the

4 nineteenth Year of the Reign of his latemMajefly y and for granting to his. Majesty other Rates and Duties upon

4 Glajs in lien thereof; and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass \ and'for repealing the several Kates

* and Duties charged by an Acly made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all

4 Perfnt%

