A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C 60.

ny

such Cafe, such Owner or Owners, Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of

such Ship or VtilH, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by rhe Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who

shall apply for a Certificate of the Registry of any Ship or Veil'd in Great Britain, Guerrtj.y% or the

ljk cf Man, which shall be built, or whole Building shall be compleated, after the firtt Day of Augn/l one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall, and they are hereby required to produce to the Pei Ion or Persons

authorised to grant such Certificate, a true and full Account, under the Hand of the builder of such Snip or

Vessel, of the proper Denomination, and of the Time when, and the Place where, such Ship or Vessel was

built; and also an exact Account of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Name of the firtt

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof (which Account such Builder is hereby directed and required to give under

his Hand, on the fame being demanded by such Person or Persons so applying for a Certificate as aforesaid); Entity,

and shall also make Oath, before the Person or Persons herein before authorised to grant such Certificate

(which Oath he or they are hereby authorised to administer), that the Ship or Vessel lor which such Certi-

ficate is required, is the fame with that which is so described by the Builder as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who,

from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall apply for such

Certificate as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty’s said Colonies, Plantations, or Territories, shall, before

such Certificate is granted, produce the like Account, under the Hand of the Builder, and take the like

Oath as is herein before required to be produced and taken by Persons applying for the like Certificate in

Great Britain.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Certificate of the Registry of

any Ship or Vessel which shall be obtained in pursuance of this Act, shall happen to be lost or mislaid, a

Register and Certificate de novoy in the Form herein before directed, shall be granted for such Ship or Vessel, _ _ __________

according to the Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- iccordm* to Act

jest King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade; and for 15 Geo.*.c.31.

Relief of Afer chants importing Prize Gcods fr<rm America; and/or preventing collufiye Captures there; and

for obliging the Claimers of rejfels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give

Security for Cojls; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehoujes, in order to be cleaned

and refreshed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Security to be

Cafe such Security shall be given as is herein before directed; and that kn lieu of the Oath directed to be s,?c.n»

taken by the said recited Act, the like Oath shall be taken and subscribed, as is herein before directed to cenificatei, and

be taken and subscribed by the Owner or Owners of such Ships and Vessels as are required to be registered oath made a*

by Virtue of this A ft. ' herein before

directed, infteid of the Oath 15 Geo. 2. c. 31.

Persons apply-

ing far Cenifi-

ca cs in Great

B llain, See, to

produce a parti-

cular Account '

of the Ships

from the Build-

ers, and make

Oath to their

Persons making

Application ia

the Colonies,

after Jan. 1,

1787. to con-

form to the Par-

ticulars in the

Uft Clause.

If Certificates

be loft, new ones

to be gran'ed,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel, after she shall

have been registered pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall in any Manner whatever be altered in

Form or Burthen, by being lengthened or built upon, or shall be altered from a Sloop to a Brigantine, or

from any one Denomination of a Vessel to another, by the Mode or Method of rigging or fitting, in such

Cafe such Ship or Vessel shall be registered de novo, in Manner herein before required, as soon as (he returns

to the Port to which she belongs, or to any other Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of

this Act, on Failure whereof such Ship or Vessel shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered, and deemed

and taken to be a foreign Ship or Vessel.

XXV. And be" it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of all such

Ships and Vessels as shall be taken by any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or

other Ship or Vessel, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty, shall, upon registering

such Ship or Vessel, before he or they shall obtain such Certificate as aforesaid, produce to the proper Officer

of his Majesty’s Customs a Certificate of the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, under the Hand and

Seal of the Judge of the Court in which such Ship or Vessel shall have been condemned (which Certificate

such Judge is hereby authorised and required to grant), and also a true and exact Account, in Writing, of

all the Particulars contained in the Certificate herein before set forth, to be made and subscribed by one or

more skilful Persons to be appointed by the Court to survey such Ship or Vessel; and shall also make Oath

before the said Officer (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer) that such Ship or Vessel

is the fame Vessel which is mentioned in the Certificate of the judge aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel

which shall be taken and condemned as Prize in any Court of Admiralty as aforesaid, shall be registered in

the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, although belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects residing in

those Islands. or in some one or other of them; but in order that the Duties now by Law due and payable

to his Majesty on such Ships and Vessels may be levied and collected, the fame shall be registered either at

Southampton, Weymouth, Exeter^ Plymouth, Falmouth) Liverpool, or Whitehaven, by the Collector and

Comptroller at such Ports respectively, who are hereby authorised and required, after the Receipt of the said

Duties, to register such Ship or Vessel, and to grant a Certificate thereof, in the Form and under the Re-

gulations and Rest ri ft ions in this Act contained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all the Cafes where any Ship or

Vessel, so taken and condemned as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or

Territories aforesaid, shall be registered, and obtain a Certificate of such Registry in Manner herein before

directed, an exact; and particular Account shall be subjoined to such Certificate, of the Sum for which such

. ’ Snip

Ships, if altered,

must be rtgifter-

ed anew, or to

be deemed so-

reign.

The Condemn*

lion of Prises,

and the Particu-

lars of the Vef-

fels, Sec. must bo

produced, to in-

title to a Certifi-

cate of Regtftry.

Prise? condemn*

ed in Guernsey,

See. toberegi-

flered at South*

ampton, dec.

The Sum on

Oath, for which

a Priae fold in

the Colonies, to

be subjoined to

the Ccruficue.

