A. P. 17S7. Anno vicesimo feptiiilo Georg 11 III. C. 13. 267

»ng to one

branch of the -

Revenue to an#

ether Brack*

1

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Ma- h»e *pp»>c4

jesty’s Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Comthissioners of ^oll<y

his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, finally to settle and

close the Accounts of such late or present Collectors or Receivers of any Part of the Revenue of Customs, or

other Duties under their Management, notwithstanding their having so erroneously applied to one Branch

of the Revenue of Customs the Money properly belonging to another; and thtTaid Commissioners are

hereby respectively empowered to correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such late

or present Collectors or Receivers from heing kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated ; and all such Cor-

rections shall, and are hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for better examining and auditing

die Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in the passing the general Account of Customs, Subsidies, and * ,

Impositions.

XXVI. 4 And whereas it is expedient that the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act should be

* paid into the Hands of the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs, as soon as may be,

4 and that the Accounts of the several Persons employed in the Collection or Receipt of such Duties fhouM

4 be frequently settled and adjusted, in order that the Balance of Cash remaining in their Hands (if any)

4 may at all limes be clearly ascertained and known / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority Eastlndia Com-

aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, Panrt0 p»y.«

the Onited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East India shall pay, or cause to be paid, the they

into the Hands of the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs for the Time being, all and i^w^tboir Du-

every Sum or Sums of Adoneydue and payable from the said United Company, on Account of the Duties ties to iheUe-

of Customs, at the several and respective Times and Periods when the fame {hall become due and payable ceiver General

by Law ; and that the said Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs shall give, or cause to be of the

given, to the said United Company, a Receipt for the Monies so paid for and on the Account of the Col- R<*e^l4

ie&or of his Majesty’s Customs, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money are by Law now due and payable, af cast! by Vhe

which Receipt, when delivered to such Collector, shall be received by him as Cash; any Law, Custom, or CclieCor.

Ufaee to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of Datlea college*

Anyone thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, every Person employed in the Port of London in the in the Port of

Collection or Receipt of any Part of the Duties of Customs, shall pay into the Hands of the said Receiver L™don

General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs the Whole of the Monies which he shall receive on Account £ifw°Oeneraf

of the Duties of Customs, on the Day on which he shall receive the same, or as near the Whole as may be, on the Daystbeyc

save and except such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, from Time^o Time, by virtue of the special Order vt received* 1

of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them

(as heretofore), be directed to be deducted, paid, or allowed therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of

Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall ap-

pear to be due on any Debenture for the Payment of any Part of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares,

.or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, or any Debenture, Certificate, or other Instrument or

Document whatever, for the Payment of any Money by way of Premium, Bounty, Allowance, or other-

wife, directed by this Atft to be paid out of the Duties of Customs, or by any other Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

seven, or by the special Order or Direction of the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England

for die Time being, or any four or more of them, where such Payment or Allowance shall become due in

the Port of London, shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, properly authorised to

receive the same, by the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs for the Time being, out

of any Monies in his Hands arising from the Duties of Customs; and every such Payment or Allowance, so

made by the said Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs, thaN* and is hereby directed to be

allowed by the Commissioners for the better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom,

in the settling or Auditing of the Accounts of the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs ;

any Law, Custom, or Osage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any of the Collectors or Receivers of his Majesty’s Customs

in any Port of Great Britain, other than the Port of London, from making such Payments or Allowances,

oat of any of the Monies in their Hands, arising from the Duties of Customs, on Account of any Debenture

or Certificate, or by virtue of any Instrument or Document whatever, as they would have been authored

to have done if this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to alter or any way affect any Bounty or Premium whatever, now payable by Law

out of any Part of the Revenue of the Customs, >on the Importation into, or on the Exportation from, this

Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 5 but that the fame shall continue, and be paid and

allowed as heretofore; and the proper Officers of the Customs, from and after the tenth Day of May one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, are hereby authorised and required to pay and allow the fame, out

of any Money in their Hands arising from Customs.

XXXI. 4 And whereas certain Rules, Orders, Directions? and Regulations, are annexed to the two

• Books of Rates herein-before mentioned, under the following Titles or Heads; (that is to fav,) Thole

4 annexed to the said Book of Rates made in the said twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

4 under the Title or Head of Certain Rules, Orders, Directions, and Allowances* for the Advancement of

4 Trade, and Encouragement of the Merchant, as also for the regulating, astvell of the Merchants in ?naktnp

27 Geo. III. - Nn 4 due

Moniev due on

Debentures for

Drawbacks or

Premium*, if

due in Lond<m,

to be paid by the

Receiver Gene-

ral*

SuchDcbenturfS

not due in Lon-

don, may be pi id

by the respective

C*lltrtorf«tthe

Out Puru.

This not to

alter or afteft

• ny Bounty or

Premium now

payable out of

the Revenue uf

Customs.

