2i6

Book* to be kept,

and open lo the

JnfpeeVion of the

I’ropiictorJ*

Countrrfeitipg

the Seal.

Limitation of

Achoa*.

Central Jffue,

Treble Coilt*

Foblick A&.

Preamble.

The Lieutenant*

of Counties, ap-

pointed by his

Majesty, to call

out the Militia

yearly, and ap-

point Deputies,

Officers, &c.

C. 106,107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Collegiate, Trustees, Tutors or Curators for Infants or Minors, Idiots or furious Pejfons, or other Persons for

whom they are Trustees, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised,

possessed of, or interested in any Lands and Tenements which the said Society shall judge necessary for the

Purposes aforesaid, whether by Titles held in Fee-simple or tailzied, to sell and convey to the said Society,

or their Successors, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all or any such Lands and Te-

nements, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, or

other Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage,

or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all Trustees,

Tutors, or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, or Incumbrancers, subje<2 to Tailzies, and all other Per-

fons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, or in pursuance of this Act:

Provided, That where Lands and Tenements under Entail are purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, the Price

of the Premills shall, by Authority of the Court of Session, be laid out upon Land, or other heritable Se-

curity, and the Rights and Securities devised and taken to the fame Series of Heirs as arc contained in the

original Title Deeds of the Subjects under Entail, purchased for the Uses aforesaid.

XX V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Book or Books in which the Ac-

counts relating to the Lid Society shall be stated and settled, and all other Matters and Things relating there-

unto, shall be deposited under the Care and Custody of such Person or Persons as the said Directors shall from

Time to Time appoint at the Office of the said Society; and every Proprietor, at all reasonable Times,

shall have free A reefs to such Book or Books, for his, her, or their Inspection.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge

or counterfeit the Seal of the Society, or any Deed or Writing under the Common Seal, or shall demand

any Money in pursuance of any such forged or counterfeited Deed or Writing, either from the Society or

any Members or Servants thereof, knowing such Writing to be forged, with Intent to defraud the said So-

ciety, or any other Persons whomsoever, every Person io offending, and being convicted thereof, in due

Form of Law, thall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported in Manner as by Law directed,

for a Term not exceeding ieven Years.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information fh ill be brought or commenced

against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this A6tf the fame shall be brought or

commenced within six Calendar Months next after the P ad committed, or in case there shall be a Continua-

tion of Damage, then within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall

cease, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and

may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Triifi to be had

thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear

to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time so limited for

bringing in the fame, then, and in such Cale, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or the

Court of Session in Scotland shall dismiss the said Suit; if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers,

shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit* or Information,

after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if a Verdict or Judgement of the Court of Session

in Scotland shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, Pursuer or Pursuers, or if, upon demurring or other-

wife, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken

to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as

such, without f'pecially pleading the same.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to

the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS a respedable Military Force, under the Command of Officers possessing Landed

4 yV Property within Great Britain, is essential to the Constitution of this Realm; and the Militia How

4 by Law establimed has been found capable of fulfilling the Purposes of its Institution; and through its

4 constant Readiness, on short Notice, for effectual Service, has been of the utmost importance to the in-

4 ternal Defence of this Kingdom of Great Britain: And whereas the Laws now in being relating to

the Militia are inconveniently numerous; and the several Powers and Provisions necessary for railing,

4 training, and regulating the Militia, would be more easily executed, if the fame were comprised in due

4 A& of Parliament Be it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may and shall, from Time to Time, conftrtute and

appoint Lieutenants for the Counties, Ridings, and Places herein after mentioned; and the several Lieute-

nants so appointed, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, ariay,

and cause to be trained and exercised such Persons, and in such Manner as is herein after directed, once in

every Year; and the said Lieutenants severally shall, from Time to Time, constitute and appoint such Per-

fons as they shall think fit, being qualified as hereip after is directed, and living within their respective Coun-

ties, Ridings, and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants (the Names of such Persons having been first pre-

fented to and approved by his Majesty), and shall also appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant

Colonels,

e

