562

iy«ic» on

M^rch Aod‘*e

exported, c n-

linaed <o J<ne

14, 1795, See,

7 Cm*'. * C. Io.

f.>r rhe tret

J rjt mif tat*on of

C’o« hipc«l ind

l.ing >, con i-

rueo ro S-pt.

29, 179s> &c*

*£ much of 11

CJ *0 z c. 36.

relays t<» ?ht

prohibiting lie

I nv.o 1 a*»jn or

Bodies reprint d

A*> oad, anc first

cotTipofrd or

■Vvticitn and

pein'ed in Great

corti-

nu* d to Sepr.

»9i*79Si &c«

*9 Geo.*.c. 27*

for the rr*ore

«ffj£lual ff-cur-

ing the Dutict

on foreign-made

Sail Cloth

imported, e- n i*

«ued to June

*4> *79$.

€ Geo. 3. c. *8.

so far a relates

to the prohibit*

ing thr Ivr.pnrt*

a ion ot foreign-

wrought Si ks

and Velvets,

continued to

June 14, 1795,

&c.

7CC0. 3.C. it.

to difeonunue

the Duties pay-

able upon the

C. 55- Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George \ht First, and in the feeond, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and

thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the sixth, fourteenth,

and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty-fourth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continuod until the twenty-fourth Day of

Jure one thousand ft veil hundred and ninety-five* and Irom thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made, in the seventh Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An A. 7 for the Revival of an ASl made in the thirteenth Year of the

'Reign cf his late Ahjcjly King George the First, intituled, 44 An Ac? for the free Importation cf Cochirua/,

44 during the Time therein limited \ and also for the free Importation cf Indigo which was to continue in

force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thoufjnd leven hundred and thirty-lour, for the Term of

seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Self;on of Parliament; and wmich, by several

subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his (kid

late Majesty’s Reign, and of the seventh, fomteenth, and twenty-fecund Years of t’ne Reign of his present

Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty*ninth Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.

V. And be it further jcnailed by the Authority aforefa:d. That so much of an Act made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his lace Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act J’cr prohibiting the Im-

portation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first compoj.d or written and printed in Great Britain; and for re-

pealing so much of an Ail made in the eighth Hat of the Reign f her late Ala] fly Queen Anne, as impozvert

the limiting the Prices of Books; which Act was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

tember one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to die

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation

of Books reprinted Abroad, and fiift composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subse-

quent Acts, made in the twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Regn of his said I ate

Majesty, and of the seventh, fourteenth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty.

was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be,

and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hun-

dred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more ejfeflual securing the Duties nrto

payable on foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a

Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first jetting out to Ssa, to hi fur-

nijhtd with one complete oet of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in force from the

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of (even Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts,

made in the twenty sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth,

fourteenth, and twenty-feeond Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the

Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further conti-

nued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,^;/ At7 to prohibit the Importation of foreign-wnought Silks arj

Fcivets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of I York men employed in the Silk

Manufacture) which was to continue in force for the Term of five Years, from the fourteenth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the

Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which

said Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, was,

by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until

the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, so tar as relates to the prohibiting the Importation

of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, and the fame is hereby further continued until the fourteenth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the seventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue) fer a limited Time, the Duties payable ups*

the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lardy andXIreaje^ which was to be in force for three Years, from the

8 ewenty-

I

