A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. C. 45. 389

yard, after the Expiration of eight Calendar Months from the Time when such Offence {hall have been

committed ; nor {hall any Prosecution -be commenced or carried on for Fornication at any Time after the

Parties offending shall have lawfully intermarried.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of T'kanet, in the County of Kent;

for ascertaining, eitablifning, and recovering certain Dynes in lieu of the ancient and

custcmary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the fa id Pier; for widening, '

paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways,

and publick. Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in

the said Isle of ihanet ; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and

Carmen within the said Town* and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and

Annoyances therein,

* 11/ H E RE A S the ancient Town of Margate, in the County of Kent, hath, from Time immemorial, Pretmble,

4 W had a Pier and Harbour very convenient for, and advantageous to the 'T'rade and Navigation of

4 the Nation at large, in the Preservation of Shipping in Stress of Weather, and in Time of War ; as well

4 as for the exporting and importing of many Sorts of Commodities : And whereas the Welfare not only of

4 the said Town of Margate, but of the adjacent Country, depends very much upon the Maintenance of

4 the said Pier; and although an Act of Parliament was passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of

4 King George the First, to enable the Pier Wardens-of the said Town of Margate more effectually to reco-

4 ver the ancient and customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier ; .yet the fame, w

4 although beneficial in its Effects, so far as its Powers and Provisions extend, hath not been found adequate

4 to all the good Purposes intended: And whereas the ruinous Condition and bad Confirmation of the pre-

4 sent Pier are such, that it would be very beneficial if the fame was entirely taken down, and a new Stone

4 Head built in its Room : And whereas, by reason of the great Resort of Nobility and Gentry to the Town

4 o{ Margate, for the Benefit of bathing in the Sea, and from other Circumstances, the said Town hath

4 very much increased, and is yet continually increasing, both in Extent of Buildings and in Number of In-

4 habitants ; and the Trade of the said Town hath increased, and is increasing, in the like Proportion; and the

4 Streets, Lanes, Highways, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town of Margate, and also

4 within the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, within which Parish the said Town is situated, by means of

4 such Increase of Trade and Population, and by means of Annoyances and Encroachments, are very dirty

4 and incommodious, and are frequently very difficult of Passage ; and it would tend much to the Prosperity

4 of the said Town and Parish, to the Ease and Convenience of the Company resorting thereto, and to the

4 Increase of such Resort, if some more effectual Powers were obtained for the ascertaining, establishing, and

4 recovering of the Droits of the said Pier; and if a new Stone Head was eroded in lieu of the present Pier;

4 and if the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Town, were pro-

4 perly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and preserved, and the Highways within the said Parish pro-

4 i>erly repaired and amended: And whereas there have Trom Time immemorial been paid certain

4 Droits, called Poundage and Laftage, and other Rates and Duties, which have been confirmed by

4 the Orders and Decrees of divers Lords Wardens of the Cinque Ports, and by the before-mentioned Act

4 of Parliament, of the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First; and it is necellhry to make

4 more effectual Provision, both for ascertaining and fixing what the said Rates and Duties shall in all future

4 Times be, and for enforcing the due Payment thereof, in case of Refusal or Nonpayment, as also for pro-

4 viding a Fund for the erecting and better securing of the said Pier and Harbour, and for the other Purposes

4 of this Act :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several Duties Duties, Rates,

and Impositions hereby and herein-after imposed in lieu of the ancient Pier Droits, and also the several other and Assessments,

Rates and Assessments herein-after mentioned, shall form one aggregate Fund, and be vested in the Commis- to form one »S-

sioners herein-after named for carrying this Act into Execution. , gregate Fund,

44 Commissioners appointed. On Death, Refusal, or Removal of Commissioners, new ones to be appointed.

44 No Commissioner to enjoy a Phce of Profit. Commissioners to defray their own Expences. Commis-

44 sioners wno are Justices may act as such. Suits to be brought in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer.

44 Commilftioners, to be reimbursed Law Expences. Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint

44 and remove Officers ; and may allow them Salaries. Commissioners impowered to take Security, and to call

44 their Officers to Account. Officers not to take any Fees. Pier VVardens to be elected. Pier and all

44 Lands and'Other Property belonging to the fame, and Pavements, veiled in the Commissioners; who may

" cause Actions to be brought, OV. and may let Lands. All Duties heretofore payable to cease.”

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Owner of any Ship, Masters of Vef-

IToy, or other Vessel liable to pay any of the Duties impoled by this Act, shall, before his Departure from fe!« liable to pay

the said Pier, not only pay and discharge all such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be due for such Rates the Duties Hull

£2 and give .Note of

J ibe Name* and

'

)og!e

