4

34*

C.i3. (F-) Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D.

s ° A p.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois oi Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which {hall be made

in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the

Maker thereof, Two-pence Farthing. — — — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap which shall be made in Great Britain, and

so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity ; to be paid by the Maker thereof, One

Penny Three Farthings. — — — —- —

•SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of

Great Britain called England on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-eight, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn,

Grain, or l ilts, or any Mixture with the fame; to be paid by the Makers or Distillers

thereof, Six-pence. — — — — — —

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor, which shall be brewed or

made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of Bfitish Materials (except such as are before men-

tioned), or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; to

be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, Five-pence. — — —

For every Gallon of Fermented Whi;t or Wash which {hall be brewed or made as aforesaid

from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home

Consumption; to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof. Eight-pence Three Far

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused

Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Molasses and

Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; to be

paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof. One Shilling. — —- —

For every Seventy-two Gallons of Wash, which George Bishop of Maidstone shall produce on

or before the Fifth Day of July One thohfand seven hundred and eighty-eight from a Weight

of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and

• twelve Pounds Avoirdupois; to be paid by the said George Bishop, and so in Proportion for

any greater or lesser Quantity of such Wash, Eighteen Shillings. — — —

For every Gallon of Wash from which Twenty-four Gallons shall be taken and distilled by the

Officer of Excise, according to the DireChons and under the Authority of an Act, made in

the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, to dif-

continue for a limited Time the Payment of Duties on Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof,

and such Twenty-four Gallons of Wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than

Two Gallons and Three Fourth Parts of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of One in Seven

under Hydrometer Proof; to be paid by tht said George Bishop, One Shilling. —

For every Gallon of British Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydro-

meter Proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland and brought from thence into any

other Part of the United Kingdom on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven

hundred and eighty-eight; to be paid by the Importer thereof, Two Shillings. —

And for every Gallon of all such Spirits as last aforesaid of a greater Strength than One to Ten

over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten

over Hydrometer Proof, Two Shillings. — — — —

. And also a farther Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed

the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof ; to be paid by the importer tbqreof,

or the Person bringing the fame.

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid by

^ the Importer before the Landing thereof. Four Shillings and Three-pence. — —

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid

by the Importer before the Landing thereof. Eight Shillings and One Penny. —

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vine, of die Produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the

Impotter before the Landing thereof. Three Shillings and Seven-pence. — —

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vu<e above Proof, of the Produce of the British Co-

ionics or Plantations, which shall be imported horn beyond the Seas into Great Britain; to be

paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof. Six Shillings and Eight-pence. —

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitas (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits,

or^ Aqua Vitae as aforesaid), which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great

Britain; to be paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof, Four Shillings and Three-

For every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua

Vitae as aforesaid), above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great

Britain; to b« paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof, Eight Shillings and One

)og!e

