A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. 0.31^—33. 423

or Edinburgh, or eight Miles of any Patent or Licensed Theatre, or ten Miles of the Residence of his Ma- '

jesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any Place within the same Jurifuidlion, at which, within iix Months

preceding, a Licence under this Act shall have been had and exercised, or within fourteen Miles of either of

the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or within two Miles of the outward Limits of any City, Town,

or Place, having peculiar Jurisdiction; and so also as no Licence under this A cl ftull have been had and

exercised at the same Place, within eight Months then next preceding' any Law or Statute for the Punish-

ment of Persons employed in theatrical Reprelentations to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted by the Justices as aforesaid, to be ex- Licrn^i not t*

ercifed within any City, Town, or Place, having peculiar Jurisdiction, unless Proof ihiil be made that be granted with-

the Majority of the Justices acting for such peculiar Jurisdiction, have, at a puldick Meeting, signed in *nJ p,acc.

their Consent and Approbation to the said Application, or unless an express Condition shall be therein 5i,’lur

inserted, that the fame shall not be valid and effectual until it shall have been approved by the Ma- Ihe’

jority of the Justices of such peculiar Jurisdiction, at a Meeting holden expressly for taking the fame into Content of the

Conuderation. Majority of the

* Justices aGtng for such Jurifii&ioiu

III. Provided also. That no such Licence shall be granted by the Justices aforesaid within any City, No Lice nee to be

Town, or Place, unless Notice shall have been given by the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, ^WeekV

at least three Weeks before such Application, to the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Civil Officer or Of- N^tict be given

ficers of such City, Town, or Place, of his or their intending to make such Application. • the Mayor, &c.

previous to Ap-

CAP. XXXI. p'lealion lor

a Licence.

An A<£1 for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have

suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Ceifion of the Province of East Florida to the King of

Spain. [Continued for a Tear longer.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for vetting the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money

arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

CAP. XXXIII.

An A£fc to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the

Importation and Exportation of "Wine (except Wine the Produce of thz European

Lomimons of t! e French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and

JMadeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the

King o\ Spain)i and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to

repeal the Duty of Excite upon foreign green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging

an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages,

the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported directly from

thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on white Woollen Cloths

exported; and for reserving to his Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the

Crown in Scotland.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the everal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other

Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compofptg the rublick

c Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Gcr ls^ JVares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Ma-

c ttiifacture of the European Dominions of the French Kingj into this Kingdom : and for applying certain un-

c claimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the

€ National Debt, certain Duties of Customs and Excise are charged and imposed respectively upon Wine

* imported or brought into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are allowed respectively upon the Ex-

* portation thereof from Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient that the said several and respective

* jDuties and Drawbacks, so far as the fame respectively relate to Wine imported or brought into Great

c JBriiairiy or exported from Great Britain, except Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of

* the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of

* the Produce of Spain ^ or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, should Cease, determine, and

€ be no longer paid or payable, or allowed, and that other Duties should be charged and imposed on the

* Importation thereof, and other Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain \ be

It therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

♦he several Duties of Customs and Excise, charged, and imposed by the said recited Act upon Wine imported

or brought intoGreat Britain, except upon Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French

%3 Geo. III. . 3K King,

Preamble.

27Geo. 3, c. IJ«

recittd.

From Sept. if

17S8, the Do-

ties imposed and

the Drawback*

allowed by the*

recited AO, to

cease on all

Winca, except

