A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 38. 461

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings,

Shortlings, Woolflocks, Worsted Bay, or Woollen Yarn, shall be packed up in any other lockage other-

wife than Packs or Trusses of Leather or Canvas, commonly called Pack Cloths, or in Linen 01 Woollen ;

and that all such Packs or Trulles of Leather, Canvass, Linen, or Woollen, shall be ft imped or marked

on the Ouifidc thereof with the Word Wool^ in large Charaeters, not less than three Inch s in Length, on

Forfeiture of all such Wool, or other the aforesaid Articles, to the Person or Persons seizing the fame,

and also upon Forfeiture, by the Person or Persons to wnom such Wool or other aforesaid Articles dull

belong, of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Shilling for every Pound Weight of such Wool,

or other the aforesaid Articles so seized, to the Person or Persons seizing the fame, as the Court or Justices

before whom such Wool, or other the aforesaid Articles, shall be condemned, shall direct: Provided

always, 'That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Person from packing or putting any

Worsted or Woollen Yarn in Paper, so that such Paper is Fairly directed to the Person or Persons to whom

the lame is intended'to be sent, and the Word WorJhd or Tarn, as the Caie may be, wrote or marked

thereon, in Letters not Ids than one Inch in Length, and that the Quantity in any one such Paper con-

tained do not exceed fourteen Pounds in Weight.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Complaint or

Information respecting the Word I Tool not being stamped or marked on the Outside of the Package of

such last enumerated Articles, according to the Directions of this ACI, shall be made, shall and may, and

they are hereby empowered, if they shall so think fit, to order and direct the Wool, and other the said

herein-before enumerated Articles which shall have been seized, to be returned to and delivered up to the

Owner or Owners thereof; but that in every such Cafe the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred by such Offence

shall not be mitigated or reduced below Sixpence for every Pound Weight of such Wool, or Articles so

seized.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who

shall pack any Wool, or other the aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Articles, in any Box, Barrel, Calk,

Cafe, Chest, or any other Package, otherwise than according to the Directions herein-before contained,

or who shall press together, or cause or procure to be prelied together, with any Screws, Prefies, or other

Engine, any Wool whatsoever, or any Yarn made of Wool, or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles

by this Act prohibited from being exported, into any Pack, Truss, or other Wrapper, or put, press, pack,

or ftean the fame, or cause to be put, preflbd, packed, or fteaned, into any Butt, Pipe. Hogshead, Chest,

or other Cask or Vest'el, upon any Pretence whatsoever, shall forfeit all such Wool, or other aforesaid

Woollen or Worsted Articles, with the Package thereof, and three Shillings for every Pound Weight of

Wool, or other such Woollen or Worsted Articles, so put, prefi'ed, packed, or fteaned, the Whole of

which Penalties shall go and be paid, by the Owner or Packer of such Wool, or other the aforesaid

Woollen or Worsted Articles, to the Person or Persons who shall seize the feme, or sue for such For-*

feiture.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall press

together, or cause or procure to be prefi'ed together, with any Screws, Prefies, or other Engine, any

Wool, or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, into any Truss,

Sack, Pack, Bag, or other Wrapper, or shall put, press, pack, or ftean the fame, or cause or procure to

be put, preifed, packed, or fteaned into any Butt, Pipe, Hogshead, Chest, or any other Calk or Vcifel,

upon any Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person or

Persons (b offending, and all Person and Persons aiding and assisting in such packing, shall, over and above

the Penalties and borfeitures before mentioned, be subject and liable to the feme Pains and Penalties as are

herein-before directed to be infliCted upon Exporters of Wool.; and the Court and Justices by and before

whoni such Person or Persons shall be tried and conviCted, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to

punish every such Offender accordingly : Provided always. That in case any Person or Persons who may

have assisted in such illegal Package shall, before his, her, or their being apprehended for the fame, appear

beforeany of his Majesty’s Justices.of the Peace, and then and there make a true Discovery of the Mailer

Packer, and other the Persons concerned in such illegal Package, so that he, flic, or they may be prosecuted

to Conviction, then the Person or Persons giving such Information shall not be liable to the Pains and Pe-

nalties aforesaid, and, on the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, shall be entitled to the Wool, or

other the Woollen or Worsted Articles so packed: Provided always. That in case the Mailer Packer,

or any Person or Persons assisting in such Package, shall, before any Information shall be taken against him,

her, or them therein, discover to any Justice of the Peace the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by

whom he, (he, or they was or were employed to pack or press the feme, so that such Person or Persons by

whom he, she, or they, was or were employed, may be prosecuted to Conviction for the fame, then fuen

Master Packer, or the Person or Persons who shall give such Information, shall no; be liable to the Pams

and Penalties aforesaid, and shall be entitled to the Woo), or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles 10

lent to be packed ; and the Person or Persons direCling such Wool, or other the aforesaid Woollen or

Worsted Articles, so to be packed, shall, on Conviction for the lame, be liable to and shall fuller the Pains

and Penalties herein-before directed to be inflicted on Exporters of Wool.

XXXII. 4 And whereas great Quantities of Wool are frequently lying at the publlck Wharfs in di Trent

4 Ports of Great Britain, which W ool being under no Controul of the Commissioners of the Custom \ c r

4 their Officers, eviLdisposed Persons may in the Night Time put the fame on boa d V t ifels ready for fai f

4 to Foreign Parts; and also in many Cafes, where Wool is regularly entered to he put on board V s

4 bound Coastways, it is taiy to put on board such Vessels in the Nigh* Time alirger Numb. ro

4 jof Wool than have been duly entered for that Purpose, and which, by being concealed under iuo. t ^ a ,

How Woo’, ScCm

is to be packed.

Penalty for Kok

Worsted Yarn

may he racked

in Paper if

marked, Scc.

Justice* may or-

der Wool, Arc.

unrtamped on

the Package to

be returned, but

not to mitigate,

the Penalty be-

1 w 6 d. per lb.

Weight.

Wool, See, not

packed accord-

ing to this Act

to be forfeited,

and 3 t. for

every lb.

Weight.

Persont packing

Wool, See, con-

trary to thtiAtf,

or assisting

therein, to be

liable to the

fame Penalties

as Er porters of '

Wool. r

Person* assisting

in (ueh illegal

Ptckage, giving

Intorma ion ut

the M «fler

Packer Ac-, or

Mailer r'acke s.

Sc difeovrring

their £,*r.plo\-

t«S to be tn«

taie.i to the

\N col,

an4 ’he Emp^r-

Cf> to be li i

to the P< n 'U-*

r n b x p ' cti v)f

Wool,

