A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgi 1 III. G. i3. (F.)

345

B O U N TIE S.

T'ORevery Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty hereby

X\ imposed on such Beer or Ale, which shall be proved to have been brewed in Great Britain from

malted Corn, and whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer or Ale shall be proved to have been

charged or paid, and which shall be exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, when Barley is at

Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter or under. One Shilling. — — —

For every Tun of Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from Corn* under, subject, and according

to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Act

of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefen^ Majesty, for the better re-

gulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits, and for securing the Payment ot

the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force con-

cerning Britiln Spirits made or drawn from Corn for Exportation* which shall be exported to

Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Three Pounds Twelve Shillings. — —

s. J.

I

3 12 —

DRAWBACKS.

BEER OR, ALE.

FOR every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty Hereby

imposed in respect of such Beer or Ale, and not being 1 wo-penny Ale mentioned and described

in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, nor being Beer or Ale commonly called Table

Beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid) for which the Duty by this Act imposed in re-

sped thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or Idler Quantity, deducing Three-pence per Tun for the Charges of the

Officers, Eight Shillings. — — — — — —

BRICKS AND TILES.

For all Bricks and Tiles respectively which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties

by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to

Foreign Parts, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed in respect of such Bricks or

Tiles.

CANDLES.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Tallow and other Candles whatsoever, which

shall beInade in Great Britain (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles, for which the Duties by

this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign

Parts, One Penny Halfpenny. — — — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles which shall be made in Great Britain of Wax,

or of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or fold for Wax or Spermaceti Candles (for which

the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchan

dize to Foreign Parts, Three-pence Halfpenny. — — — —

CHOCOLATE.

Por every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa

Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America imported into

Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and

exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Five-pence. — “

Forevery Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa

Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place imported into Great Britain (for which the

Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to

Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Four-pence. — — — —

CY DER AND PERR Y.

Forevery Hog (head of Cyder or Perry which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties

by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to

Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, the several and respective

Duties by this Act imposed in respect of such Cyder and Perry, deduding Three-pence j er Tun

ftr the Charges of the Officers.

v HIDES.

For all Hides and Calve Skins respectively which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed in Great

Britain, and duly marked (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof dial

d.

