3 2 C. 3 8. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 17 8 6.

Debtors found

puiltv of a Irau-

du’e it Con eal-

fr.e*i;- of the r

m»* be

imprifircd lor a

looker Tern).

Debtors not li-

able to pay Gaol

Tees.

Penalty onGaol-

ers demanding

such Fees.

Two Justicei

iruv dctcimine

Oftpnre? against

tin* A it.

Penalties and

Forf-i tire* how

to be applied.

Informations to

be exhibited

wi'hin a limited

Time.

Process not to

issue against the

Body and Goods

of the fame

Pc»fnn.

Qualification of

Commifiicners.

Penalty on act-

in£ not being

qualified.

the Debt does not exceed twenty Shillings, shall be kept or continued in Custody, on any Pretence what-

soever, more than twenty Days from the Commencement of this Act, or from the 'l ime of his, her, or

their Commitment to Prison; and where the original Debt does not amount to or exceed the Sum of forty

Shillings, more than forty Days from the Commencement of this Act, or from the Time or his, her, or

their Commitment as aforesaid; and all Gaolers, Keepers, or ff urnktys, arc hereby directed and required

to dill barge such Persons accordingly.

II. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debt to the said Courts from

the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

in case, upon the Summons of any Person ror Debt before the la>d Court or Commissioners, Iufoimation

of any such Practice shall be given, such Court or Commissioners Hull have Power to hear Evidence as to

such fraudulent Concealment; and ;n case it Lull be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oaths of two or

more credible Witnciics (which Oath the said Court or Com mi dinners are hereby impowerrd to ad mi niff er,

and which Oath, if falsely taken, 1 nail subject the Party or Parties so taking it to all the Pains and Per. a hies

of wilful and corrupt Perjury), that any iccii Debtor has Money or Goods whion he has wilfully and frau-

dulently concealed; in that Caie, the Court or Commifiicners shall have Power to enlarge the aforesaid

Times of imprisonment for Debts under twenty Snillings, to any 'Time not exceeding thirty D^y.s, and

for Debts under forty Shillings, to any l ime not exceeding sixty Days; which laid Circumstance or

Ground of further Detention lh.dl be Ip edited in the said Commitment; and the Dcpoiitions of the Wit-

nciies {lull be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to each respective Court or

Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Expiration of the said respective

Times of Imprisonment as at or da id, every such Person or Persons {hall immediately be dischargul ami ftt

at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity

whatioevtr, to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of such Gaol or Prison, or others, by Way of Gaol

Fees, or Discharge Fees, or otherwise, on any Prctenee whatsoever; and every Gaoler, Keeper, or

Turnkey of any such Gaol or Prison, or others, demanding, taking, or receiving any Fee or Fees, Sum

or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons, committed or to be

committed to his Custody as at’oreiaid, or keeping or detaining any such Person or Persons, Prisoner or

Prisoners, after the respective Times limited by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of live Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall 2nd may be lawful to and for

any two Justices or the Peace where the Offence {hall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence

argainff this Act; which fa;d two JuRices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any In-

formation exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, to fuinmon

the Party accu fed, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fad; and

upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or VVitneiles, or by the vo-

luntary Confellion of the Party, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and

by this Act is directed, and to award and iiiue out their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, for levying

the said Penalty of five Pounds so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made

thcicor, in cale they Hull not be redeemed in four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any);

and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to anfvvei the Penalty, to commit such

Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of two Months, unless such Penalty {hall be sooner paid

and satistied.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties in Huffed by this Act (the necessary

Charges for the Recovery thereof being tirlt deducted) shall be divided and diffribuicd in Manner following ;

.that is to say, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Sup-

port and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parffh in w'hich the Offence shall be committed; and the other

Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to be convicted be-

fore any Jufficis of the Peace, for any Offence committed against this Act, unless Complaint or Informa-

tion shall be made or exhibited against: such Person or Perfot.s within two Calendar Months after such Of-

fence committed.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it {hall not be lawful for any such Court or Commissioners

to iiiue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, where the Party intitled to the

Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, {hall at the fame Time have obtained any Warrant or Fro-

cess against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of

any of the Acts for conffitutir g such Courts, unless such Person shall be a lloufeholder within the County*

Diffrid, City, Liberty, or Place, for which he {hall ad, and shall be poilelicd of a real Effate of the annual

Value of twenty Pounds, or of a personal Fffate of the Value of five hundred Pounds: And if any Per-

son, not being so qualified, {hall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Aids for

constituting such Courts, every Person so acting {hall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any

Person or Persons who {hail sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt

or on the Cafe, wherein no Effbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one imparlance*

{hall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or other wise ihatl

pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of any

