A.D. 1786, Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 52.

Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, all and every the

Party or Parties u> offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

rmpoted by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fucti Ways, Means, and Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law

or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every

such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, and the other Moiety

to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done in pur-

fuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or

Thing done, and Huh be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or

Suit may plead the General lffuf, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial

to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Profecu-

tion, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or other wise, then such

Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs.

® CAP. LI I.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for

the Ease of the fair Trader ; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds be-

fore due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the

British Plantations, and the United States of America.

4 \X7 HERE AS the several Provisions for preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or

4 VV Water, contained in an Act made in the twenty-filth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 tituled. An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco, have Commencement from the first

4 Day of January one thousand leven hundred and eighty-six ; notwithstanding which Provisions, such To-

4 baccoas was imported before that Time hath been or may be removed by Land or Water, otherwise than

4 as by the said Act is directed, inasmuch as the fame having been imported before that Time cannot be

4 subject to the Regulations prescribed by the said Act: And whereas the Continuance of this Liberty may

* encourage the Importers or Pofleflhrs of uncustomed Tobacco to pretend that the fame was imported be-

4 fore the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and, under that Pretence*

4 Tobacco imported fmee that Time, and Tobacco Stalks stripped, and Snuff manufactured therefrom,.

4 may be removed otherwise than by the said Act is directed, to the great Prejudice both of the Publick Re-

4 venue and of the fair Trader : And whereas it is expedient that all such T obacco as shall have been law-

fully imported, and was Stock in Hand before that Tune, should be subject and liable to all and every die

4 fevtial and respective Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, directed and contained in the said herein-be-

4 fore recited Act;’ be it therefore enacted by the King s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty- fix, no Tobacco which shall have been imported into Great Britain before the said tirft Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, nor any Tobacco Stalks stripped, nor Snuff manu-

factured from Tobacco so imported, shall be removed, carried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water,

in any other Manner than as is directed by the said recited Act, and the fame shall, in every Respect, be

under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, Oaths, and Restrictions directed and contained in the

(k;d Act; and that all and each and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted and incurred by

the said recited Act, on the Removal of Tobacco imported since the said first Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, or Tobacco Stalks (tripped, or Snuff manufactured from

Tobacco so imported, contrary to the said recited Act, and the several Rewards and Distributions

therein directed, (nail extend, and be construed to extend, to all Intents and Purposes, to the Removal of

Tobacco which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, previous to the said hrlt Day of January one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix, and to Tobacco Stalks stripped, and Snuft manufactured from To*

bacco so imported.

4 II. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act, it is provided. That if any Importer or Proprietor of

4 Tobacco, who hath given Security for the Payment of the Duties in eighteen Months, shall be ddirous to*

4 diteharge his Bond or Bonds, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than the Expiration of the said

4 eighteen Months, so much shall be abated upon such Bond or Bonds, as the Discount, at the Rate of seven

* Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, in Proportion to the Time unexpired : And wiiereas it is

4 expedient that the said Discount should be discontinued be it there.ore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That so much of the said recited Act as provides, that if any Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco, that hath

riven Security as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Duties in eighteen Monihs, shall be dclirous to discharge

his Bond or Roads, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than the Expiration of the said eighteen

Months,

79

their Duty, form

toit 50I.

How Penalties

are to be reco-

vered and ap-

propriated.

Limitation of

A&iona.

General I flue*

Treble Cof!t»

Pteamblt.

Recital of

25Geo. 3*c.Sr«

From June 24,

1786, all To-

bacco. fee.

though imported

prior to Jan. V,

1786, liable to

the Regulation*

of the recited

Aa.

No Pifcourt to

be allow) d on

Diitharg- of Se-

curity bond*.

