A. D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 36, 37,

all Persons with respedto advising or carrying into Execution his MajeJbfs Orders of Council already made for

allowing the Exportation of rVheat and other Articles), as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was tp con-

tinue in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and which by

several A£fs, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-feconJ,

twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued

until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; and also. That so much of the said Act, made in the said twenty-fifth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat

and other Articles from the Port of Lancaster to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance

and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, which was to be in force until the said first Day of May one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, and no longer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That an A& made in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and XJten-

fils, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act to prohibit

44 the Exportation to foreign Parts, of Tools and Utenjils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

44 Kingdom; and to Prevent the Jeducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into

44 Parts beyond the Seas” which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

and no longer, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Par-

liament, and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled. An Act for granting a Bounty upon cer-

tain Species tf/’British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw

Linen Tarns made of Flax), which said Act was by two other Acts, made in the tenth and nineteenth Years

of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty* fourth Day of June one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament j shall

be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

c. XWHERE AS an Act was passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

* V V George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the thirtieth Tear

4 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, “ An Act for the more effectual Puni/J)-

44 ment of Persons who /hall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by faife or untrue Pre*

44 tenets; for preventing the unlawful pawning cf Goods ; for the easy Rede?nption of Goods pawned; and for

44 preventing Gaming in Publick tioujes, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices,” so far as

4 the fame related to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, and the easy Redemption of Goods pawned :

4 And whereas the said Act, parfed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was

4 thereby declared to have Continuance from the Day of passing thereof, for one Year, and till the End of

4 the next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament for con-

4 tinuing the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the further Term of

4 one Year, which Term will be concluded upon the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

4 eighty-seven : And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for further regulating the Trade

4 and Business of PawnbrokersMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

it shall be lawful, from and after the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for

all Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of

and from all and every Person and Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or

pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the following Rates, over and above the principal Sum and

Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respeflive Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawn-

broker shall be obliged to re-deliver the fame $ videlicet:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Six-

pence, the Sum of one Halfpenny for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not ex-

ceeding one Calendar Month, and the fame for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current

Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and Sixpence, one Penny Half-

penny :

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings two Pence:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and Sixpence, two Pence Half-

penny :

For

377

gar Colonies la

America}

and of *5 Geo.3.

c. 69. as rclatca

to the Exporta-

tion to those Co-

ionics of Wheat

from Lancaster,

continued to

May 1, 1788.

a6Geo. j,c. 89.

to explain 15

Geo. 3. c. 67. to

prohibit the

Exportation of

Tools used in the

Iron and Steel

Manufactures,

continued to the

End of the next

Session.

2 9 Geo. a. c. 15.

granting a Boun-

ty on Bririffi

and Irish Linena

exported conti-

nued to June 24, N-

1788, &c.

Preamble.

24 Geo. 3.c.4fc

Pawnbrokers al-

lowed to take

the following

Rate for Profit.

