388 C. 43, 44. Anno vicedmo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

No Affidav’t to missioner as aforesaid, nor the said Prothonotary, or his Deputy, shall take or swear any Affidavit within

br taken within 011c Mile of the Cattle of Chester during the Time of holding the Session for the said County.

• Mile cf Chef- JO o 7

ter Catfle dining the County Session

Justices of the

f.‘id C\urr may

im power Person*

to t«ke Reeogni-

zancet.

Manner of

making < ut

million*

lor taking such

Recognizances,

& c.

Fee* to be paid

for ComT.iflions

to take Recog-

nizances.

JufHces of the

laid Court may

make Rules for

justif\ing Bail

by Affidavits be-

fore the Com-

m i Burner t.

Power of Pro-

tKonotary, or

hi? Deputy, to

take Recog-

nizances not to

be affected by

this A^*

If «r»y Person re-

p:efent another

in entering into

special Bail, he

shall be adjudged

a Felon,

Preamble.

Suit? in Eccle-

fi a ft i c a I C' iu<*

I or de^mitory

Weil? to be

cr^mm-nci d

WMihia fix

Monhf.

Limi'a’irn of

Suits in tcc!e-

fuilical Court*.

II. 4 And, to give greater Eafc and Benefit to the Persons residing within the said County Palatine of

4 Chester, in taking Recognizances of Special Bail in all Actions 2nd Suits deluding or to be depending in

4 the faiu Court of Session;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the

&nie Court lor the Time being, or either of them, shall and may, by one or more Com million or

Commissions under the Seal of the said County Palatine from Time to Time, as Need shall require, im-

povveT such and so jr.any Person and Persons (other than common Attornicsor Solicitors) as they or either

of them F'.all think ft and nccelRry in the said County Palatine of Chester, to take‘and receive all and every

such Recognizance or Recognizances of oaii or Bails, as any Person or Persons shall be willing and desirous

to acknowledge or make before any Person so impowered, in any Action or Suit depending, or hereafter to

be depending in the said Court, in such Manner and Form, and by such Recognizance or Bail Piece as

Special Bails are usually, or by Law ought to be taken ; which laid several last-mentioned Commissions

shall be made out by the Prothonotary of the said Court, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Justices for

the Time being, or one of them, and which laid Recognizance or Recognizances, Bail Piece or Bail Pieces,

so taken as aforesaid, together with an Affidavit made of the due taking of the Recognizances of such Bail or

Br.il Piece, by lome credible Person present at the taking thereof (and which Affidavit the Person lb

impowered to take the said Bail shall be, and hereby is authorised to take and swear), shall, within ten

Days after the taking such Bail, he transmitted to the Office of the Prothonotary of the said County,

there to be filed of Record upon Payment of the Sum of five Shillings and four Pence; and which Re-

cognizance of Bail or Bail Piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of like ElFcdt as if the fame were

^taken before the Justices of the said Court, in open Court; and the following Fees, and no more,

shall be paid for each of the said last-mentioned Commissions, and for taking the Acknowledgments of the

Bail and Affidavits respecting the fame ; (to wit,) The Sum of two Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant; thtr

Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence for making out the Commission, besides the King’s Duty and Parch-

ment ; the Sum of four Shillings for the Seal; the Sum of five Shillings for taking every such Acknow-

ledgment or Bail Piece; and the Sum of one Shilling for the fwcaring the Affidavit of the due taking

thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th?t the said Justices for the Time being shall

and may make such Rules and Orders for the justifying of such Bails, and making the same absolute, as to

them shall seem meet, so that it may not be neceftaiy for the Cognizor or Cognizors of any such Bailor

Bails to appear in the said Court to justify him or themselves, but that the fame may be determined by Affi-

davit or Affidavits duly taken before any of the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid (or before

the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy ex officio, as Officers of

the said Court, and without any Commission for that Purpose), touching the Value of the respective Estates,

and other necessary Qualifications of such Cognizor or Cognizors ; and for the swearing of each such Affida-

vit shall be taken the Sum of one Shilling, and no more: Provided also nevertheless. That nothing in

this Act contained shall prevent the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating.

]deputy, from taking and receiving cx officio, and as Officers of the said Court, Recognizances of Bails in

Actions or Suits commenced, or hereafter to be commenced in the said Court, in such Manner as he and they

have done, or by Law might do, and as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons \vho shall,

before any Person or Persons impoivered by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid, to take Social Bail or

Flails, represent or person ate any other Person or Persons, whereby the Person or Persons so represented'

or personated may be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for Debt or Damages, to be re-

covered in the fame Suit or Action wherein such Person or Persons is or are represented or perlonated, as if

he, flie, or they, had really acknowledged and entered Jnto the fame, being lawfully convicted thereof,

shall be adjudged, esteemed, and taken to be a Felon or Felons, and shall fufTer and incur the fame

Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Persons convicted of the like Offences are liable to by virtue of an Adf,

passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King IFilliam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking Spe-

cial Hails in the Country, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Picas, and

Exchequer, at Westminster.

CAP. XL1V.

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

4 XT 7H E REAS it is expedient to limit the Time for the Commencement of certain Suits in the

4 VV EccLfiastical Courts May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty*seven, no Suit for de-

famatory Words {hall be commenced in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts within England, IValcs, or the

Town of Berwick upon Tweedy unless the fame shall be commenced within six Calendar Months from the

Time when such defamatory Words shall have been uttered.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Suit shall be commenced in any EccJe-

fustical Court, for Fornication, or Incontinence, or for striking or brawling in any Church or Church-

6 yard,

