A.D. 1789* Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 57.

Chattels so pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof* without being paid any Thing for Principal or Profit

in rtfped thereof, and shall also pay such Excess, if any, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, under

the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace,

upon Complaint made to him on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or W itnefies, where

any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended against this Act, or respecting any

Dilpute between any Pawnbroker and Person havingpawrted Goods, or the Owner or Owners of Goods pawned,

or rd‘pe£ling any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Occallon whatsoever, which, in the Judgment of

any Justice or Justices, shall make the Production of any Book, Note, Voucher, or other Paper necessary,

which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or Power of any Pawnbroker, to fmninon such Pawn-

broker before him, to attend, with all and every or any iiook, Note, Voucher, or Paper, which he or

she may or ought to have in his or her Custody or Power, relating to the fame, which he or she is hereby

required to produce before such Justice or Justices in the State the fame was or were made at the "l ime

the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erafcment, or Obliteration whatsoever ; and in’

calc such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the fame in its true and perfect State,

such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, to the

Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for the Use, and to be levied in the

Manner, herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in caf* any Pawnbroker shall, from

and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, in any wise offend against tills Act, every such Pawn-

broker shall, for every such Offence, in neglecting to make or cause to be made, in a fair and regular

Manner, in such Book or Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be made by him, her, or

them, by this Act, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds ; and for every other Offence against this Act, where

no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific Offence against any Part of

this Act, the Sum of live Pounds ; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against

this Act shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Of-

fenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace

for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed ;

and it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices to award to the Party complaining, out of the said Penalty,

the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties, not

otherwise disposed of and applied by this Act, to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the

Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the

Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further emitted. That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to

any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of this Act, for any

Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within

twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of

the Poot of any Parish Or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any

Pawnbroker against this Act, or some or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justice

of the Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence beine supposed to have

been committed, shall, and they, or some or or.e of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid,

are and is hereby required to prosecute every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice

to have been committed against this Act, at the Expence of the respective Parish whereof they or he are,

is, or shall be, for the Time being, such Officers or Officer.

XXIII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Person or Pci Tons whomsoever, who shall lend Adoney to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

upon Pawn or Pledge, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking

any further or greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence

wbftsoever.

XXIV. And bejt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall

be had, taken, or received, by any Tuftice of the Peace, or his Clerk, or by any Person whomsoever, for any

Summons or Warrant, or other Proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or made by any Justice or Justices

of the Peace in pursuance of this A£L

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Provisoes, Regu-

lations, and Clauses contained in this present Act, shall, from and after the End of this present Session of

Parliament, extend to and include the Executors, Admin id rators, and Assigns, of all and every deceased

Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the lame extend to and include the Pawnbroker when living, save and

except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable for

any Penalty or Forfeiture perforially, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless

the fame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own Act or Neglect.

XXVI. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may

plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence ; and if

upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff'or Plaintiffs shall be-*

come non-suited, then fuph Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, or

them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

*9 Geo. in 4F XXVII. Pro-

571

Pawnbrokers to

produce their

Books when oe«

c diary.

Penalty on

Pawnbroker!

offending against

this Act.

Limiting the

Time of Prose-

ention or In*

fcrmat:OB.

Churchwarden!,

&c. topiofecutc,

&<•

Ad not to ex-

tend to Persont

tending Money

at 51. per Cent,

without fuitber

Profit.

Justices not to

have any Fee*

or Gratuities for

ad ing under this

Ad.

The Ad to ex-

tend to Execu-

tors, See. of

Pawnbrokers

General IOue*

