i6

Secret Com*

snitteet may em-

ploy Tran-

fcribcrtj

'who shall take

an Oath of Se-

crecy,

Commence-

ment of this

a a.

PoblukAd,

C. 16—20. Anno vicemo sexto Georg 11 III. A.D» 1786.

foeSive Members of the said Committee to each other; and being so by them taken and fubltribed, the feme

(nail be recorded by the Secretary of the said Court of Directors for the Time being, amongst the A3s of

the said Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That if the said Secret Committee, in the Execution of their said

Powers and Trusts, shall find it necessary to employ any Person in transcribing or preparingany secret Dif-

patches, Orders, or Instru3ions, required to be transmitted by them to India, under the Direction of the

laid former A61, the said Dilpatches, Orders, and Instructions shall be transcribed andprepared, either by

the Secretary of the Court of Dire3ors for the Time being, or by the Officer called The Examiner of In-

dian Correspondence, for the Time being, and by no other Person or Persons, unlefe with the Approbation

and Consent of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of India, or any three or more of them, for that Pur-

pose first had and obtained; and that as well the said Secretary and Examiner, as every other Person who shall

be intruded with the transcribing or preparing any of such Dispatches, Orders, or Instructions, shall, before

they shall respeSively enter upon that Duty, take and subscribe, before two or more of the Members of die

said Secret Committee, an Oath of Secrecy* as near unto the Tenor and Form of the Oath herein before

provided, and directed to be taken by the Members of the said Secret Committee, as the Cafe will admit;

• and the Members of the said Committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to frame

and administer such Oath accordingly, and to attest the taking and subscribing of the fame by the said Secre-

tary and Examiner, and all other Persons who shall be employed by them as aforesaid, and to cauie the feme

to be recorded amongst the Acts of the said Court of Diredfors.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this A3 shall take place and have Commencement, in Great Britain* im-

mediately after this Act shall have received his Majesty’s Royal Assent; and shall take place and have Com-

mencement, in the several Presidencies aforesaid, and in the Territories thereunto belonging, from the first

Day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

AX. And be it further ena3ed, That this A3 shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, a Publick

A 3.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and

Places within the Town of Tewkejlury. and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for the

Removal of present. and Prevention of niture Encroachments, Nui fences, and Annoyances therein; for

regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening some Part

of the Street called Church-Street, within the said Town.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and

the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tihnanftone, Bet-

Jhanger Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend and render more effedhial two Acts, made in die sixth Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne, and the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for ere£1-

in% a IVcrkhouJe in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the Counts of Devon ; and forfeiting toe Poor on

Ivork, and maintaining them there ; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute

towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouft

certain Surplus Monies which have formerly an fen by the Assessment for raising the Lana Tax in the said

Town-, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the

County of Devon.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend, and render effectual, two A3s of the ninth and fifteenth Years

of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the

Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

14 A3 9 Geo. 3. and 15 Geo. 3. cap. 9. recited. Power given to raise the further Sum of 60,000/. by Mort-

u gage. Arrears of interest upon the Share due at Midsummer 1785, made Stock. Proprietors of Shares

44 to have such Dividends as the Company shall dire3, not exceeding 41, per Cent. per Ann. till the Canal

44 is completed, and 30,000 /. paid offi or c/. ter Cent, per Ann. afterwards. interest of the Money bor-

44 rowed to be paid, in Preference to Dividends upon the Shares. interest of the Money borrowed, by vir-

44 tue of A3 15 Geo. 3. to be first paid. Proprietors may become possessed of one hundred Shares each.

44 Power given to convey Water to the Canal from Churctover”

4 VIII. And whereas by a Clause in the said recited A3 of the ninth Year of the Reign of his pre-

* lent Majesty, all Persons arc restrained from navigating or conveying any Coal or Culm, or Cinders burnt

' 4 from

^.ooooie

