A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 26. 527

€ upon and payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Persons going from Town to Town,

or to other Men’s Houses, and to grant other Duties in lieu-thereof , and also to explain ami amend

c the aforesaid A3, with respect to the Regulations therein contained:’ Therefore, we your Majesty's most

dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly pray your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailem-

bkd, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand l'even

hundred and eighty-nine, the aforesaid A3, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty King

George the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, uni

Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade; so far as relates to the said Duties, and so far as is not re-

enacted by this A3, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it cna3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the ninth and tenth Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty King TVUliam the Third, intituled, An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, jor

a further Provifnn of intereji for the Transport Debt for reducing of Ireland, shall, from and after the

said first Day of Augujft, be revived and put in force, and shall be executed in such and the l*ke Manner as

before the passing of the said A3 made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far

as the fame is not hereby altered or explained.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August, there

shall be raised, answered, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, the Rates

and Duties following; (that is to say,)

By every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Person and Persons, going from

Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horle, Horlts, or

otherwise, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale,

any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, a Duty of four Pounds for each Year:

And by every Person so travelling with a Hoise, Afs, or Mule, or other Bead bearing or drawing Bur-

then, the Sum of four Pounds yearly, for each Beast he or she shall so travel with, over and above the said

sint mentioned Duty of four Pounds.

IV. And be it enn&cd by the Authority aforesaid, That, from 2nd after the said first Day of August, it

shall not be lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other trading Person or Persons

going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or

Horses, either by opening a Room or Shop, and exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes

by Retail, in any Town, Panlh, or Place (such Person not being a Householder there, or the fame not

being an usual Place of his or her Abode, or of his or her carrying on Bulincls), or by any other Means

or Device, to vend or fell, either by himself or herself, or by any Auctioneer (whether licensed or not],

Broker, Appraiser, Agent, Servant, or other Person, on his or her Behalf, any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandizes whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, Candle, Lot, Parcel, or any other Mode

of Sale at Au3ion, or whereby the belt or highest Bidder is, or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser;

and that every Person and Persons so vending or selling, contrary to such Prohibition as last aforesaid, shall

forfeit and pay for every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after

mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Au-

gtift* every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and other trading Person or Persons, so travelling as aforesaid,

shall, at the Time of receiving his or her Licence as herein-after mentioned, and without any Discount

whatsoever, pay all Duties granted or made payable by or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the

Commissioners for the Time being for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, or some Person or

’ Persons in that Behalf authorised or deputed by them, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their

Hands and Seals; and upon Payment thereof, and not otherwise, a Licence shall be granted to them,

subscribed by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any two of them, for him or her to travel

and trad-, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said A3 made in the Reign of

King William the Third, and according to the Duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such

Licence.

VI. And be itena3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Person or Persons shall receive, or

be entitled to receive, any Licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall pro-

duce to the Commissioner or Commissioners, or their Deputy or Deputies, appointed for licensing Hawkers,

Pedlars, Petttt Chapmen, and other trading Persons as aforesaid, a Certificate, signed by some one Clergy-

man officiating within the Parish, Chapelry, or Place, wherein such Person so applying for such Licence has

his usual Residence, and also by two reputable Inhabitants of the said Parish, Chapelry, or Place, attesting

that the Person so applying is of good Chara3er and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise

the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman.

VII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Certificate so to be produced as

aforesaid shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

44 *TOrE A\ B. the Minister, and C. D. and E. F. being two HouseholJers residing at

44 in the Parish (Chapelry, or otherwise, as the Cap may be) of in the County

44 of do hereby certify that G. Id. hath been known to us for the Space of

4‘ Years last past, and during all that Time hath usually resided in the said Parish (Chapelry, or otherwise,

“ as

and fro m A tig-. '

I. 17^9, ic.'cl*

ed, so far as re-

lates to the Du-

ties, and so fur as

is not re-enacted

by this AO.

9 Sc 10 Gul. 3.

c. 17 revived

from Aug. 1,

17S9, fj far as

tint hereby alter*

ed or explained.

From Aug, i,

1789, the fol-

lowing yearly

Duties to be

paid, viz.

Every Ha*kerj

&c. 4l.j

and a like Duty

for each Horie,

See, lie en.ployt.

Every Hawker

felling C'.o ids

by A uCtion to

lo.leit 50U

Duty to be paid

on taking out a

Licence*

Personi apply-

ing for Li entes

to produce a

Certificate of

ihMf cood Cha*

lifter.

Form of such

Certificate.

