532

Diries to be

paid io the

la [hi; r of the

Jj.i’ie-, on

iiuwkMS, fee.

general IflTue.

Treble Costs.

C. 26—34. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789!

Tufticcs of the Feace, or appeal ing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such

Suffice or Justicts of the Peace, before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person

shall forfeit, for every such Otfince, the Sunt of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid> hi such Man-

ner, and by such Means, as are herein directed as to the other Penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That me ttveral Duties herein-before

granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Cornier, for the Time being, of the Duties

on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Pcitv Chnpg/iC,if tvho shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several

211 i i>ui.»cs, ann pay the"fame (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the feme

being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Thine, and in such Manner, as the Duties now

charged on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, arc directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the

A miner of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and

apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon ary Account

whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund

for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all other Charges and Expences as are directed to be

paid and payable, pursuant to an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to Satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Tran/port Bids? and Ordnance

Debentures*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be feed,

mole fie J, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any

Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue,

and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall.

pass for the Defendant or Dcfendants,or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall

be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer; or if the Plaimiffor Plaintiffs shall difepntinue his, her,

or their Action, or be non-proffed therein, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs.

awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII,

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating die Streets, Lanes, and other public!;

Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the rarish of Saint Clement, in the Town and

Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex \ and for removing and preventing Nuifences, Annoyances*

Obstructions, and Incroachments, within the said Town and Port.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for appropriating the Sum of three thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus

arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at

Edinburgh to publick Uses in that Part of the Kingdom.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworthy in the County of Wilts; and for

appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish*

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An ABU

for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for re-

pairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church \ and for removing the present

Watch-hotfc, and providing another for the Use of the juid Parish.

CAP. XXXI,

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chady in the Town of Shreufbury and County of Salop;

and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to

the said Church and Cemetery.

CAP. X-XXII.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and PotUrban*

worthy in the County of Lincoln $ and in the Parish of Branftony in the County of the City of Lincoln*

CAP. XXXIII.

. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery* £771,562/. 10

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for ratfing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year otte

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine. [3,500,000l.]

CAP.

