642

Th« Power* of

IS Car. II. cap*

14, and of any

other Law re-

speriing the Ex*

rife, crept

where hereby

altered, tobe*x-

crcifed in levy-

ing the- Excise

Duties hereby

impoied, See.

4 Gao. II. cap.

4«i

and to much of

ao Geo. 11* cap.

*3i

god of 13 Geo.

III. cap. 11, at

relates to To-

bacco, Tobacco

Sulkfyor Scuff;

at »lfe s5 Geo.

111. cap. 811

and 16 Ceo. 111.

£ap. 5s, repeal-

ed j exceptio

respect ot Duties

thereby imposed.

limitation of

■Adbont.

General line.

Treble Costs.

Commencement

mfJta.

2. 68—70. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Fine*, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things respe&vdy, were particularly repeated and rt-

enacted in the Body of this Act.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the

Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An AtI for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries,

and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his

Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other La\y now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue or Excise,

arc provided and established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging,

or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cafes for which other

Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution,

in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating* recovering, and paying the Excise Dubes

by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present

Act.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon

Tobacco j so much of another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of hi* said late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of

Tobacco, by Land and by Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco \ and for ascertaining the

Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the

Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, as relates to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff; so much of another

Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an

Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the

44 more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain

44 in f mall Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso in an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of

44 his present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be

44 imported in Jmali Casks for private UJe; and for taking off the inland Duty payable upon the Importation of

44 Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandise ft as relates to Tobacco, To-

bacco Stalks, or Snuff; another Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco \ and another Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent

Removal of Tobacco, and for the Eaje of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on

Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations end

the United States of America (other than and except in respect of any Duty or Duties imposed under or by

virtue of the said Act or Acts,or any or either of them), shall be, and the feme are hereby, from and after the

Commencement of this Act, repealed.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoYefeid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done by

virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Mouths next

after the Matter or Thine done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants

in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in

Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or

Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be non-

suited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such

Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs.

CLXXIil. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect, as to all such

Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or

provided, from and immediately after the tenth Day of October one thousand (even hundred and eighty-

nine.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the better paving, repairing, clcanffng, lighting, and watching the H;ghways, Streets, Lanes,

and other publiqk Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faverfnam, in the County of

Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing incroach-

ments, Obstructions, Nuifences, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of Dunstan, in the

County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed

Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metberingham, in the said County.

CAP.

