i

\

i

i

» i

i

!•

I

i

3«2

•C. 3a. > Anno viced mo feptimo Georgii in. A. D. 1787.

3 l. in. if 15U

and under jo I.

4I. if 301. and

under 401.

.4 1. 8 f. if 40 1.

and under 50 I.

4 I. i6«. if $oh

or upwards.

Person or PerTans shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the lame the Sum of three Pounds and

four Shillings:

If such Dwelling-house {hall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occu-

pied, be rated, as aforesaid, at twenty-five Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under thirty Pounds, then

such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, ai\d pay for the lame the Sum of three Pounds

and twelve Shillings:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, a^nd Gardens, therewith occu-

pied, be rated, as aforesaid, at thirty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under forty Pounds, then such

rerfon or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of four Pounds:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occu-

pied, be rated, as aforesaid, at forty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under fifty Pounds, then such

Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for die fame the Sum of four Pounds and

eight Shillings:

And if such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith

occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at fifty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, then such Person or Persons shall

take outaLicence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of four Pounds and sixteen Shillings.

Mode of p*y!ng

4ot Licence*.

AVfcoftretngrsat

Licences, and

to whom theDu-

tif* for the faint

nt€ to he paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who {haH take out such

Licence as aforesaid, shall immediately pay down one eighth Part of the Money hereby directed to

be paid for such Licence so to be taken out as aforesaid, and shall, at the End of every A c Weeks,

to be reckoned from the Time of taking out such Licence, pay down another eighth Part of the Money to

be paid for such Licence, until the whole of the Money hereby directed to be paid for such Licence shall

be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Licence shall be taken out

within the Limits of the chief Office of Excise in London, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and

Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as

the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time,

appoint for that Purpose; and the said several and respective Duties shall be paid at the chief Office of Excite

in London \ but if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called England not

within the said Limits, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and

*Supervisors of Excise, within their respective Colledions and Distrids; and.the said several and respective

Duties shall be paid for the fame to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so

granted: And that in case any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh,

the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scot-

land for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or

the major Part of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose $ and the

several and respective Duties for the fame shall be paid at the chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; or if any

such Licence mall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called* Scotland, without the said Limits of the

City of Edinburgh, then the feme shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Coliedors and

Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Colledions and Distrids; and the several and re-

fractive Duties for the fame shall be paid to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence

mall be so granted 5 and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them reipedively, an 1

the Persons so to be appointed by them reipedively, or the major Part of them respectively, and ai(b all Inch

Coliedors or Supervisors, are hereby reipedively authorised and required to grant such Licences to the Per-

fons who shall apply for the fame, upon Payment of one eighth Part of the Money hereby directed to be paid

for the fame, in Manner herein-before directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons shall retail any

distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, after the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of

taking out any such Licence as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall take out fresh Licences, in the

Manner herein-before directed, ten Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of

taking out such former Licence, and so in like Manner from Year to Year ; and that if any Person or Per-

fons shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, retail any distiBed

Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the fame yearly,

in Manner aforesaid 5 or if Default shall be made in Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money hereby

directed to be paid for any such Licence, the Person or Persons in that Behalf offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided always. That Persons retailing distilled Spi-

rituous Liquors or Strong Waters, in Partnership in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take

out more than one such Licence, in any one Year, for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Wa-

ters ; and that no one Licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or impower any

Person or Persons, to whom the feme shall be granted, to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Wa-

ters in any other Place than the Houses or Places wherein he, (he, or they, did retail distilled Spirituous Li-

quors or Strong Waters ax the Time of granting such Licence.

f/*e;wef to^e

renewed jearly.

’Pjerfon* retail*

*itvg Spirrtucot

J.icuors without

Licence, or not

paying the Duty

lor the fame, to

forfeit 1001.

One Licence

f efficient for t

Partner ship ia

one House.

Licence not to

authorise the

Sale of Liquor*

in any other

House than the oee for which it iui granted.

SVthV-M^0IU* 4 And, the better collcding, railing, levying, and securing the Duties by this A&impefed upon

r«i<ment of the 4 Licences as aforesaid,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such of the said Duties as

ComnrfTioner* are charged upon such Licences in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under

ot Eftcite in the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise in England for the

Enghnd and Time

I

'

