A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 107.

be taken in pursuance of this Act shall and may be respectively administered by any Lieutenant or Deputy

Lieutenant.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number

of Men is sufficient, the Militia shall be formed into Regiments, confuting of not more than twelve, nor

less than eight Companies, of eighty Private Men to a Company at the most, and sixty Private Men at

the lead ; and the Pield Officers of such Regiments shall be as follows ; (that is to lay), one Colonel, one

Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major ; and where the Number of Militia Men shall amount to a Number

under eight, and not less than five Companies, such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion, and the Field

Officers of such Battalion shall be one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major only ; and where the Number of

Private Men shall amount to any Number under five, and not less than three Companies, such Militia shall

be formed into a Battalion with one Lieutenant Colonel, or Major, and no other Field Officer; and in

each Regiment or Battalion of Militia there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each

Company: Provided always. That it shall be lawful for every Battalion, confiding of five Companies, or

upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which two Lieutenants shall be appointed,

instead of one Lieutenant anJ one Ensign; and it shall be lawful for every Regiment, confiding of

eight Companies, or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers, and one Company of Light In-

fantry, to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed, instead of one Lieutenant and one

Ensign.

Ll V. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number

of Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion, according to the Intent and Mean-

ing of this Act, the Militia of such Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall be formed into Independent Com-

panies, each Company to consist of eighty Private Men at the most, and sixty Private Men at the lead,

with one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, to each Company ; and that his Majesty may, when-

ever he thinks proper, join together any Number of such Independent Companies, and form a Battalion or

BattaLons, or may incorporate them with any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, provided the Num-

ber of Companies in any such Regiment or Battalion be not.thereby made to exceed the Number of Com-

panies of which a Regiment or Battalion of Militia is herein before directed to consist.

. LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or

Place, to act as Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of

Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, for and during such Time as there shall not be any Colonel or

Commanding Officer appointed to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, but no such Lieu-

tenant shall, at any one Time, aft as Colonel or Commanding Officer to more than one Body of Militia,

whether Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company ; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Rid-

ing, or Place, shall take the Command of any Body of Militia not being by this Act deemed a Regiment,

heiha1! be intitled to the Rank of Colonel, except when the Laid Company shall be formed into Battalion as

aforesaid, but shall receive no greater Pay than the proper Commanding Officer of such Body would be in-

titled to.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regi-

ment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the Powers by this Act

given to such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be veiled in and lawfully may be exercised by the

next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be rending

within Great Britain, until such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be returned to Great Bri-

tain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, to which

such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, and the Clerk of the Peace is hereby re-

quired forthwith, upon Receipt of such Notification, to transmit an Account thereof to the Officer who shall

have been next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things done by such Officer next in

Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers given by this Act to Colonels, and other Commanding

Officers, shall be good and valid in the Law, equally as if they had been done by the Colonel or Command-

ing Officer himself.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That when a Battalion of Militia is commanded by a Lieute-

nant Colonel, who shall have been Commandant of the fame for Five Years, or longer, it shall be

lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Battalion shall belong,

>vith the Content of his Majesty, to give to such Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Commission

of Colonel.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Counties where the Number of Men are sufficient to form

fix Companies, but not sufficient to form a Regiment, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant to appoint three

Persons, qualified according to the Directions of this Act, to serve, with the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant

Colonel, and Major, but with no higher Pay than if they were appointed Lieutenant Colonel, Major, and

Captain ; and where the Number of Men mall be sufficient to form four Companies, but not sufficient to

form fix Companies, it shall be hwful for the Lieutenant to appoint two Persons qualified as aforesaid, to

serve, with the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel and Major, but that only one of them shall be intitled to any

higher Pay than that of Captain ; and in all Counties and Places where the Number of Militia Men is not

sufficient to form more than two Companies, the eldest Captain shall rank as Major, but shall only be

intitled to the Pay of Captain.

LIX. And be it further enacted. That any* Person duly qualified as a Lieutenant may be ap-*

pointed to the Rank of Captain Lieutenant in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia,* confiding of

not less than fix Companies; but that no Captain Lieutenant shall, by the Date of his Com-*

. . . - mission

229

How the MilU

tia are to be

formed into Re*

giments, and

officered.

How Independ-

ent Companies

are to be form-

ed ; which may

thereafter be

formed into

Bit ta I ion*.

County Lieutc*

nantt may aft

and bear Rank

as Colonels,

though the Qo*

dies of Men do

not inti le their

Commanding

Officers to that

Rank.

The senior Offi*

cer in Great

Britain to be le-

yelled with the

Powers given to

Colonels.

The Rank of

Colonel may be

given *0 Lieute-

nant Colonels

Commandant of

five Years Ser*

vice.

How the Mili-

tia is to be offi-

cered, where the

Numbers are not

sufficient for a

Regiment,

4

L:eutenants may

be appointed

Captain Lieute-

nants, where

