The TITLES of

his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a

Duty cm Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of

Moay in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the

Pier of the said Harbour.

14. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admea-

furementof Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the fe-

veral Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhitke, both

inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

15. An Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of

the Redtors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of

Liverpool.

16. An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an

Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Ma-

nagement of the Affairs of the East India Company,

17. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the Streets, Lanes. Ways, Passages, and Places,

within the Town of Tewkefiury, and the Precincts thereof,

in the County of Gloucester; for the Removal of present,

and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and

Annoyances therein ; for regulating Carts and other Car-

riages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for

widening some Part of the Street called Church Street,

within the said Town.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small

Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the

Pari fhes of^ Ripple, Sutton, North bourne, Great Monge-

ham, Little Mongeham, 77ImanJIone, Bctjhanger, Ham,

and Sbolden, in the County of Kent.

19. An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and

the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for ere fling a Workhcuj'e in

the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of De-

von; and for Jetting the Poor on Work, and maintaining

them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of

Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon;

and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Work-

house, certain Surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by

the AJfJfment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town ;

and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the

Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Dtvon.

zo. An Act to amend and render effectual, two Acts, of

the ninth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, for

malting and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Co-

ventry Canal Navigatu n to the City of Oxford

si. All Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the

County of Dumbarton.

22. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small

Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of

Ranfate, and the Parishes ot Min/ler and Saint. Law-

rence, in the Isle of Thanet, JLaimer Ash next Sandwich,

EajTy, W.nffoam, Staple, Goodncstone next Shin, ham,

CIjiileaden, Nonningjon, Woodneflorough other wise

borow, Eythorne, I ford otherwise Worth, Eane/lone, Pres-

ton next Wingkam, lekham, and Wickbambreux, in the

County of Kent.

23. An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overfecer

for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of

IVeJlbury, in the County of Wilts.

24. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correc-

tion for the County of Salop, anti the several Boroughs,

Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchiies, and Places

within the same; and for explaining and amending an Act

made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, Ai Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guild-

hull for the County of Salop and the Town of Shrewsbury, in

the said County; and for the Giber Purposes therein mentioned.

the STATUTES.

z§. An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arlferr,

or might ai ife, with rel'pect to the exclusive Power of the

Court of Directors of the Eq/l India Company to nomi-

nate and appoint the Governor General and Council of

the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

26. An Act to amend and render more effectual the several

Laws now in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on

at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain,

~ Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europf\ and for

granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain Terms

and Conditions.

27. An Act for authorifm^ the Lord Chief Baron, and re-

manent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out

of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and

lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to

the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Know-

ledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein

mentioned.

2& An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better

regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the

Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Ejfex~

29. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse

within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Ille of

Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions

therein limited.

30. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal ta

Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford \ and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at

the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied

to the Reduction of the National Debt.

32. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-six.

.33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Yea rone thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-six.

34. An Act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long

Annuities, and Annuiti&s for thirty and twenty-nme

Years.

35. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act, made in the last Section of Parliament, intituled.

An Afl to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act*

pa fed in the twenty-third Tear of Ids present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled,. u An Afl for authoring the Treajurer of

“ the Navy to pay to the Gar r if on and Naval Department at

u Gibraltar, the like Bounty for. deft raying certain Spaniftl

u Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers a?:d Men on

<c board any of his Maj(fly's Ships of War taking or destroy~

u ing Ships of War belonging to the Enemy P

36. An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament,with relpcdt to the Allowances to be made for

Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock-Salt-to

the IjJeof i\dan\ for limiting the Quantity-of British refined

Sugar to be exported to the Ijic of Man \ and for repealing

so much of an Act, made in the ieventh Year of the Reign,

of his present Majesty, intituled, .An Afl for encouraging

and regulating the Trade and Manu fa Mure of the Ilie -of

Man ; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there

with a certain Quantity of Wheat,. Barley, Oats, Meal, and

Flour, authorised by an Afl made in this Session to be tranj*

ported to the said Island, as relates to permitting any Per-

son to import into the IJJe of Man Fish from any Place

whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of

any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

37. An Act for laying.a 'Loll upon all Horses and Carriages

passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for ap-

plying

