A.D. 1789, Anno vicesimo norio Georgii III. C. 76—78.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained {hall extend, or be con-

flrued, deemed or taken to extend, to give to, or veil in the said Commissioners, or any two of them,

or the said Court of Duchy Chamber, any Power or Authority to change, vary, or alter the Rule for

stinting the said Land as prel'cribed or provided by the said general Award, nor to allefs, charge, or subjedfc

any Person or Persons whatever, to or with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in or about, or by

reason or means, or on account of the draining, levelling or planting upon the said Land, or other Improve-

ments thereof, or for protecting the said Springs of Water, or other Matter directed to be done by any such

Rules, Orders, or Directions, to be made or given as aforesaid, lave only to the laying out and expending

such Sums of Money as any Person or Persons shall voluntarily contribute to the Expences incident to

such Improvements as shall be directed to be made by or in pursuance of any such Rules, Orders, or

Directions.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Ground to be taken up and inclosed from the

{aid Spot of Waste Land, and the said Slips of Ground, so as aforesaid added thereto, whether it be for the

Purpose of a gradual Improvement of the whole, or for railing and protecting any Trees thereon, or for

any other Purpose whatever, shall in nowise, at any one 'Lime, exceed the Quantity which the whole

shall be found on Admeasurement to exceed two hundred Acres, Roads and Paths included j and for the

Certainty thereof, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to make

an exact Survey and Admeasurement thereof, and to file the fame amongst the Proceedings of the Courts

of the Honour of Knaresborough, for the safe Custody thereof, and Infpc&ion of all Parties concerned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons {hall conceive himself, herself, or them-

selves aggrieved by any such Rule, Order, or Direction, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, touch-

ing or concerning the said Spot of Land, augmented as aforesaid, or by any other Matter or Thing what-

soever to be done by the said Commissioners, or any of them in pursuance of this Ac!, then and in every

such Cafe, he, {he, or they, shall and may, and are hereby severally authorised and empowered to appeal to

the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for tho Weft Riding of the said County of York^ within three

Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arilen ; and the Justices in their said Quarter

Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order

therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy

such Costs by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties made liable to the Pay-

ment thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after

deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Determination, Order, and

Award of the said Justices upon every such Appeal, shall be final and concluhve to all Parties concerned,

and {hall not be subject or liable to Removal or Transmission by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process

whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejiminster or elsewhere.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual the A<£ts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, re-

pairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Gpen^ Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Wade

Grounds within the Towntnips of JVtJi Haddlefeyt and HadJ/jly, and Tc'rnp/e

Hirj1,in the Parish of Birkitty in the Weft Riding of the County of l"oik.

i P 2

645

ReHrl&ioni.

Ground to be

inclosed from

the Wide Land,

&c. not to ex-

ceed the Quan-

tity herein men-

tioned

Appeal to the

Qu artcr Sessioai,

