459

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo odavo Georgii III. G. $8.

mmpton aforesaid (out of which the fame Wool is to be exported), a Writing under the Hand and Seal of

the Governor of the said Isle of JerJcy, or of his Deputy or Deputies, as to the Wool which is to be ex-

ported to the said Island ; and under the Seal of the said Governor of Guern/ey, or of his Deputy or Deputies,

as to the Wool which is to be exported to the said Isles of Guenfey, Alderney, and Sark, or any of them 5

in which Writing it shall be expressed that the Party named therein is authorised and appointed to export or

eause to be exported out of the Port aforesaid so much Wool, expressing the Number of Tods, to the fame

Isles, or some or one of them, to be used and manufactured in one of the fame Isles, or in fomc of the Mem-

bers or Parts of the fame, and that such Party, so authorised and appointed to export or eause to be exported*

such Wool, hath, before the making and (ealing of the said Writing, entered into sufficient Bond to his

Majesty’s Use for the landing of the said Wool in Manner aforesaid.

XVII. 4 And, to the Intent that the Quantity of Wool to be exported out of the Port of Southampton

€ aforesaid into the said Isles, or either of them, in any one Year, accounting the Year to begin from the

4 first Day of 'January now last pad, and so from the first Day of January in every succeeding Year, may

* not exceed the Quantity hereunder specified ; (that is to say,) unto the isle of Jersey four thousand Tods,

€ and no more, of uncombed Wool; and unto the Isle of Guern/ey two thousand 'Tods, and no more, of

* uncombed Wool; and unto the Isle of Alderney four hundred Tods of uncombed Wool, and no more; and

€ unto the Isle of Sark two hundred Tods of uncombed Wool, and no more, each Tod not exceeding

* thirty-two Pounds in Weight;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor

of the said Isle of Jersey, or his Deputy, for whom he shall answer, shall not make to any Person or Persons

any Writing or Writings, such as is above specified, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as

aforesaid to (etch, export, or transport, out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid unto the said Isle of Je fey,

in any one Year, accounting the Year from the said first Day of January, any greater Quantity of Wool

than four thousand Tods ; and thafc the Governor of the said Isle of Guern/ey, or his Deputy, for whom he

shall answer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any Writing or Writings, such as is above speci-

fied, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as aforesaid to fetch, export, or transport out of the

Port above specified, unto the said Isles of Guern/y, Alderney, and Sark, in any one Year, accounting

tile Year from the first Day of January as aforesaid, any greater Quantity of Wool than two thousand

Tods for Guern/ey, four hundred Tods for Alderney, and two hundred Tods for Sark; and that the Cuf-

tfcmer of the Port of Southampton aforesaid shall keep a true Account of all the said Quantity of Wool so

by him permitted to be laden by this Act, and shall not permit any greater Quantity of Wool to be laden

than by this Act is prescribed, in any one Year, to any of the said islands reflectively, under any Pretence

whatsoever, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of his Place, and of the Sum of five hundred Pounds in

Money, one Moiety whereof to the King s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him

or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or YVager of

Law* nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And if any of the Governors of the said Isles,

their or either of their Deputy or Deputies, shall give, grant, or make any Licence or Licences for export-

ing from Southampton aforesaid into the said Isles respectively any greater Quantity of such Wool than is

before, by the true Meaning of this Act, limited and appointed in that Benalf; that then the respective

Governor or Governors of such of the said Isles shall forfeit and pay to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors, the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for e^ery Pod of Wool which

shall be so licensed to be exported, over and above the Rate or Proportion of Wool in and by this Act, or

the true Meaning thereof, limited or appointed, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the King’s Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court

of Record, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Governors aforesaid,

or their respective Deputies, or any of their Clerks, Officers, or Servants, for the granting, making, signing,

or (ealing of every such Writing of Licence before din died, and for the entering a Remembrance of the

fame into some Book which they shall have and [teep for that Purpose, shall have and take the Sum of one

Shilling, and no more.

XIa. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool, or any of the herein-

before enumerated Woollen or Worsted Articles, Fuiiers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay,

shall, on any Pretence whatever, be put on board any Ship or other Veilel, Hulk, or Boat, whereof any

Alien-born, or whereof any Natural-born Subject, not inhabiting within the Kingdom of Great Britain,

shall be Owner or Part Owner; and every such Ship or Vefl'el, Hulk, or Boat, wherein any such Wool, or

other Articles herein-before enumerated, mall be shipped, put, or laid on board, contrary to the true Intent

and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited to and for the Use of the Person and Persons seizing the fame:

Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to any Lamb Skins ready dressed and prepared, fit and

uleful for Fur or Linings.

XX. 4 And whereas, by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

* King William the Third, it is enacted. That no Person or Persons residing within fifteen Miles of the

4 Sea, in the Counties of Kent and SuJ/ex, shall presume to buy any Wool before they enter into Bond to

4 the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Suco flors, with Sureties, that all the Wool they buy shall not be fold

4 by them to any Person or Persons within fifteen Miles of the Sea; and in case any Wool be found carried

4 towards the Sea Side in the Counties aforesaid, unless such Wool be first entered, and Security given, the

4 fame shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons offending therein shall also forfeit three Shillings for every

4 Pound Weight of all such Wool; and that no Wool removed from the Place where it was hrft houseci,

4 lodged, or laid after (hearing, within ten Miles of the Sea Side, in Kent or SuJ/?x9 shall be lodged

4 after

Quantity that

may b« exported

annually to

Jersey, &c.

Governor of

Jersey, &c. not

to authorise the

E«p nation of

more thaa rhe

Quantity fptci*

fied.

Customer of

Southampton to

be displaced, and

forfrit$ool,if be

permit a larger

than the allowed

QMamity to be

laden.

Governora, &c.

authorising a

larger Quantify

to be exported,

to forfeit 101.

per Tod.

x a. to be paid

for Licence a ad

Entry.

No Wool, &c.

to be /hipped,

but in Veflela

belonging to

Naiural-born

Su' je£tar«fiaent

in Great Britain.

Not to extend to

Lamb Skina

d re fled for Fuf

or Lininga.

Recital of Part

of ioGuL 3«

c. 40.

