4-SS C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

To whom iht XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of Money to be paid

Di nt* are to be for such Licences respe#ively, shall be paid to such Persons as are herein-after in that Behalf respe#ively

pal mentioned; that is to say, Such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be granted to authorise

any Person or Persons to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid within the Limits of the Chief Office

of Excise an London, (hull be paid to the said £ommiiiioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and

such thereof as shall be paid for such Licences which thall be granted to authorise any Person or Persons to

make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid in any Part of the Kingdom of England net within the Limits

of the Chief Office of the Excise in London, ihali be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such

respective Licences.

DlfthlerfinEng- XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Corn-

land wth’rvw missioners of Excise in England, and they are thereby authorised and required, to allow and repay to all and

irg their Entriet every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called?£*£-

for Sp^i- larjrf^ who shall be duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, and shall have withdrawn his, her,

ation°andXmlk or t^leir Fntry for making Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, and shall afterwards have made due Entry

ingErtryfor for making Spirits for Home Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called England, a proportional

HomeConfu pp. Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, for

lion, to be allow- or jn rei',)c£f of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their licensed Still or Stills, corresponding, as herein-

ofibeln1 lT”' mciU'onedi to the Time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ such his, her, or their

(fnee ivv, a» Still or Stills, for the making Low Wines or Spirits from any of the iMaterials aforesaid, for Home Con-

foliowe, vi*. fumption, in that Part of Great Britain called England; (that is to say,)

For every Day For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any hcensed Still or Stills, to him,

the Still ii used her, or them belonging, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or

in making Spi- Perry, or other Wash or l iquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture there-

fiti, if fiom Bti. with, for Home Consumption as aforesaid, two Pence and four Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the

ad. ind'^ioha, Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

for every Gallon of the Contents$

if from Mehflts For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for making

nr Sugar, j Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for Home Consumption as afore-

said, four'Pence for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head,

so used:

and Jf from so* And for every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for making

reign refused Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign

Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for Home Consumption as aforesaid,

and 8 ioths. four pence ancj eight Tenths of a Penny foe every Gallon of the Cubical Content of such Still, including

the Head, so used.

Dirt;Hen in XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for die Com-

Scodand extra&- missioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and re-

Ug Spirit* for quired, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, to allow or repay, within two Months, to every Dif-

E^Und to be ^ er or Distillers who shall have given or left such Notice as aforesaid, of his, her, or their Intention to

Howtd «n° C brew Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be distilled into Low

Abatement of Wines, in order to extra# Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that

the Licence Du- Part of Great Britain' called England, a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such DistiUer

ty,*» follow 1j or Distillers, for or in respe# of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their Still or Stills, corresponding

?w‘ to the Time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any Still or Stills for the making Low

Wines or Spirits from any of the Materials aforesaid, for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Manner following; (that is to (ay,)

For every Day For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills for the

the Still i* used making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or any Sort of British

in making Spi- Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of two Pence and four Tenths

. Jjfh Materials”" a Fenny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head,

td. and 4-ioths, so ufedi

for every Gallon

of the Contents; For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for the making

if from Mviaflea of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid,

or Sugar, 4d.; the Sum of four Pence for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the

Head, so used:

and if from so* For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or enmloy any such Still or Stills for the making

reign refused of Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder or Wash prepared from foreign Ma-

Wine*, dec. 4 d* terials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of four

and 8-iothi. pence and eight Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still,

including the Head, so used.

Dutie* to be paid XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Distiller and

in a Week, on Distillers shall from Time to Time pay and clear off all the said Duties, within one Week next after the

Fain of forfeit* If respeOiv*

