6*2 2

Any Zxcefi in

Stock of the

Credits, to be

deemed a

Quantity

brought in

without Permit*

If Scales and

Weight* are n^t

kept for the Use

of the Excise

Officer?, or if

they are not

permitted to

we gh Tobacco^

&c. the Mrnu>

faflurer or Deal-

er to forfeit

look and 200I.

if the Scales or

Weights be

fa lie, See.

MannfaAurerl

and Dealers to

alTift the Officer!

in taking Ac-

counts, on Pe-

nalty of 50I,

Cffi cers not to

weigh Tobacco,

See. in Oper.ti

or', rxc* pt Snuff

Work lent out

t r icceived by

Permit,

Unmanufactor-

ec T« bacco, To-

bacco in Oj era-

lion. and ma-

nufactured To-

b&ccc, to be kept

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A, P. 1789.

Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk Flour; and so in proportion for any greater or Ms Quantity of Tobacco

Stalks so manufactured.

And in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time discover or find in the Stock of any Ma-

nufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff' any Quantity of Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco,

Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco* Spanish, British> Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, To-

bacco Stalk Flour, or Returns of Tobacco, greater than the Credit herein-before in that Behalf allowed to

such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot

Tobacco, Spanish, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and

Returns, respectively, so found in Excess, shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the House,

Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Tlr.ce made ufc of by such Manufacturer

or Manufacturers, without giving Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Manu-

facturer or Manufacturers shall be, and without an authenuck Permit granted and given, according to the

Directions of this Act.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer

and Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff dial!, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient

and just Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where he, (he, or they shall and do keep), manufacture,

ordeal in respcCfcively any'Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanijhy 'Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

Snuff Work, T obacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excite

to use the fame for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks,

Spani/hy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff* re-

IpeClively, which shall at any Time be in the Possession of such Manufacturer and Manufacturers and

Dealer and Dealers respectively: And if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers,

shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer

or Officers of Excise to use the fame, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of one hundred Pounds, and if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers,

shall in the weighing of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanijhy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Sulk

Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, make use of, or caule or procure or suffer to be

made use of, any false, unjuff, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Act, Device, or Con-

trivance by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the tuft and

true Weight of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanijhy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, then, and in every such Cafe, such Manufacturer or

Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hun-

dred Pounds, together with all such falie, unjust, or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the

fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

C. And be it further enacted. That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and

Dealers in 'Tobacco or Snuff shall, when and so often as he, (lie, or they shall be thereunto required

determined by the Officer or Officers of Excise tinder whose Survey he, the, or they shall then be, and with a

sufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid, and alfilt to the utmost of his, her, or their Power,

such Officer or Officers in taking an Account of all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, T obacco Stalks

for T obacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, 'Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, rtfpedfcively, of such Manufac-

turer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, on Pain of forfeiting, for every NeglcCt or Refuted thereof*

the Sum of fifty Pounds.

Ci. Provided always, and be it ennCted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of

Excise to weigh any T obacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff Work, whilst actually in the Operation of

Manufacture, save and except such Snuff Work as any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall

intend to lend out or receive by Permit; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise not-

withstanding.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Tobacco fha!l

from Time to Time, and at all Times, keep all unmanufactured Tobacco, 7'obacco in the State of O,*-

ration, and manufactured T obacco, in his, her, or their Custody or Poilession, separate and apart from

each other, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds*

separate on Penalty of 5c!.

Officer? to be CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all Officers of Excise, and all such

permitted to Officers are hereby authoris'd and empowered to take, at any Time or Times, a Sample or Samples of

T• bscco P&c.° Tobacco, T obacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or

paying for the Snuff, from or out of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks* Stanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

fame, on Penalty Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in the Custody or Poliession of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of,

t>f tool, fov or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, paying for the fame (if demanded) the Value or usual Price

Rsfu£*l. thereof; and in case any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall refuse to permit

such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their so paying for the

fame (if demanded), or shall any wife obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples such

Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence

forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

M,nnla?ttrer* 01V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer

lucp Account* an<* ^ea*ers *n Tobacco, shall from Time to Time keep an Account of all Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks

urtuh

