95

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii lit. C. 59.

4 additional Duties, and other Impositions whatsoevfer, due or payable for all Wines imported into Great

4 Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised, levied, collected, and

paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates,

4 or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards, or Drawback upon Re-exporta-

4 tion afterwards; (that is to say), For every Ton of French Wine which should be imported into this

4 Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and also

4 for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds, and so after

that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity: And also by another Act, made in the eighteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon

4 (Vines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom), it was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of

4 April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight^over and above all Subsidies of 'Tonnage and Pound-

4 age, and all other Subsidies, additional Duties and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines

4 imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised,

4 levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the addi-

4 tionai Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards whatsoever,.

4 or any Drawback upon Re-exportation afterwards, except as therein after was provided; (that is to say),.

4 For every Ton of French Wine which should be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds

and eight Shillings, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and also for every Ton of

4 all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds and four Shillings, and so after that

4«Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity: And whereas, by virtue of another Act, made in the nineteenth

4 Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty (intituled, An Atl for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

4 upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respeltive Commissioners of the Customs

and Excise in Great Britain), an additional Impost or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum,

4 became charged upon the Produce and Amount of the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, so by

the said in Part recited Acts imposed on French Wine and other Wines as aforesaid; and also by another

4 A&, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to

4 his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom), it was enacted,

4 That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty, over and above all

4 Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, additional Duties, ana Impositions whatfb-

4 ever, due and payable for all Wines imported into Great Britain by any Act or Acts of Parliament then

in force, therelhould be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (bc-

4 fore landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or

4 Deduction Inwards whatsoever; (that is to say). For every Ton of French Wine which should be im-

4 ported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or Idier

4 Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four

4 Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or leller Quantity; and that the said additional Duties

4 thereby granted should be also subject and liable to an additional Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum,

4 as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by virtue of another Act, made in the twenty-second Year

4 of the Reign of his said present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon

the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the r typed ive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise

in Great Bnta‘19), an additional Import or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, became charged

4 upon the Produce and Amount of the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, so by the said in Part

4 recited Acts imposed on French Wine and other Wines as aforesaid, except and exclusive of the additional

4 Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, commonly called The impqft one thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy~mne% which was granted Dy an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign (intituled,

4 An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Ala-

1 nagement of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain): And whereas it is

4 expedient to repeal the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties herein before particularly mentioned,

and by the said in Part recited Acts imposed on French Wine and other Wines respectively as aforesaid,.

and allb the said additional Imports or Duties so charged as aforesaid upon the Produce and Amount there-

4 of; and in lieu thereof to grant unto his Majesty the several Inland Duties herein-after mentioned Be

k therefore enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said addi-

tional Impositions, Rates, or Duties herein before particularly mentioned, and by the said in Part recited

A£te imposed on French Wine and other Wines respcdlivdy as aforesaid, and also the said additional Imports

or Duties so charged as aforesaid upon the Produce and Amount thereof, shall cease and determine, and be

no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering any Arrears thereof respec-.

tively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures,

relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before the said filth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdlors, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all

other Subsidies, Duties, and Impositions whatsoever (not repealed by this Act), due and payable for any

Wine imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, the several Inland

Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For every Ton of French Wine, which shall be imported

into Great Britain, the Sum of thirty-live Pounds fourteen Shillings, and so alter that Rate for any greater

or

Act iS Geo. j.

c. 17; and

Act 19 Geo. 3#

c. a5; a

Act to Geo. 3*

C. 30; and'

Act 11 Geo.

c. 66.

From fu!v 5.

1786. ?he idd»-

lit nal Dbiict on

Winrs before

fpreified 10

cease.-

From July

1786, thr ft I-

I twiner Du res'

to be 1 aid for

Winer implied j-

F« r Frencji

Win'* 3 s I 14

per Ton s

