544

Officers of th«

Xxch=quer

taking Feel to

iorteit I cl.

and misapplying

Money, to be

incapacitated,

fcc.

'Officer! pa>ing

Annuit es upon

forged Ceilifi-

cates, unknow-

ingly, not to in*

cur any Penalty,

General Issue.

‘Treble Costs.

C. 41—44. Anno vicesimo nono Geo jig n III. A. D. 1789,

Purpose ; and he and they so to be appointed is and are hereby refoedively required from Time to Time,

yearly and every Year, to deliver (gratis) to every Person or Persons so entitled, or to his, her, or their

Agent or Agents, upon Demand, one of the said Lifts or Schedules, to the Intent that the several Nominees

may be known, and that there maybe no Concealment of the Death of any of them, so that the Persons enti-

tled to the said Annuities, whose Nominees shall survive, may have the Benefit thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demandedor

taken by any Officer of the Exchequer for paying the said Life Annuities, or any of them, or for the Entry of

any Alignment thereof to be made in pursuance of this Act, or for any Thing hereby directed to be done at

the Exchequer, upon Pain that any Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or

Gratuity, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full

Costs of Suit; and in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall misapply or divert any of the Monies to be

paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out the fame otherwise than according to the

Intent of this Act, or shall not keep such Books or Registers, or make Entries, and do and perform all other

Things which by this Act they are directed and required to do and perform, every such Offender shall for-

feit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of holding any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever; and if

the Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to whom any such

Annuity or Annuities shall belong, shall any ways fufl'er thereby, he, (he, or they respectively shall be entitled

to treble Damages against such Officer or Officers, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVcJhninJier, wherein no

Efloin, Procedion, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance,

shall be granted or allowed.

XXXIX, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of the Exchequer

shall make Payment of any Share or Shares of the said Annuities upon Lives, upon any such Certifi-

cate or Certificates as aford’aid, such Officer shall not incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability, though

the said Certificate be forged or false, or the said Nominee be dead, unless the said Officer did know,

at the Time of such Payment, that the said Nominee was dead, or that the said Certificate was forged

or false.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued,

molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons

fh til and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or

their Defence or Defences; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs (hall'discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given

against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Coils awarded to him, her, or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLH.

An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of the unexbaufted Balance or Surplus arising

from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or

Pass of Gockburr.jputby in the County of Berwick.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled. An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the

fnvn cf Greenock ; for Supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and whohjome Water\ and for pavings cieerf-

ingy lighting* and watching the Streets and other Bub lick Places within the said Town.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, publick Passages, and Places, within the Town of

Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Aloulflmm, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of EJfex\ and for

cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet; and for removing and preventing Nui-

fauces, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein. '

CAR

G( ^le

