i86

^rom Aup. it

1786, the Oath

inquired by the

teeired Art. nr>ij

he ■dministered

by the Revenue

Oficer at the

Port in the Isle

of Wan, where

Herr ng* are

Aipt, Sec,

Cormui/fioner*

«f Customa may

adti to the Sala-

ries of Officer*

m consideration

of the Abolition

of Fees,

Perfoos counter*

feitingXernft.

Oates, Sec. to bt'

pur.ished u

J-orgrn.

Persont making

false Oaths to be

deemed guiky

of Perjury.

How Penaltte*

are to be applied

*nd recovered.

General I flee.

Double Costs.

a Cent j.c. 18.5

and

9 Geo. a* c. 33.

«tcu$d

C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

4 made before him or them, in the Presence of the Officer of the Custojns for the Port or Place where such

4 Herrings were put on board, that the fame were bona fide taken on the CoafU of the lfle of Man, and

cured there; which Certificate or Certificates were also to be nttefted by the said Officer of the Customs,

and to express the Number of Barrels, and Quantity of such Herrings respectively, and the Marks of the

4 Package expressed in the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of

4 such Person or Persons as shall have made the Oath thereby directed, and where and to whom such Herrings

4 shall be consigned in Great Britain: And whereas such Herrings are frequently exported from Parts of

the said 111 and so distant and remote from the Place of Residence of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor,

4 Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate for the Time being, that the Exporters thereof cannot, with-

4 out great Inconvenience and Expence, make the Proof, and obtain the Certificate required by the said rc-

4 cited Act:’ Now, for the Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said Oath, required by the

said recited Act to be taken before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief

Magistrate for the Tune being, shall and mav be administered by the Collector, Comptroller, or other

. Chief Officer of the Revenue, at the Port or Place in the said Island where such Herrings shall be shipped

or loaden, who is and are hereby respectively authoiifcd and required to administer the fame, and to grant a

Certificate thereof, in the Form and to the Effect required by the said recited Act, under his Hand and Seal

of Office; any Thing in the said recited Awl to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX Villi Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Commissioners of his Ala jelly’s Customs, and they are hereby authorised and required to make such Addi-

tion to the present Salaries of the Officers, whose Incomes shall be reduced by the Abolition of such Fees,

or other Perqtiilites as aforesaid, in lieu of, and by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for (he fame, as

they in their Diicretion (having Regard as well to the creditable Subfirtence of the Officer as publick (Econo-

my) shall judge necessary, and so order or direct; any Thing in this present Act, or in any other Act or

Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Pefon or Persons do presume to counterfeit, erase, or

alter any Certificate, Debenture, or Cocquet, by this AS. directed to be made, or shall use any such Certi-

ficate, Debenture, or Cocquet,. knowing the fame to be so counterfeited, erAled, or altered, such Person or

Persons shall be liable to such and the fame Punishment as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is pro-

vided for Persons convicted of Forgery.

.XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in making any Oath directed or required to be made

by this Act, shall wilfully and fall'cly swear any Matter or Thing which* if the fame had been sworn in any

Cause or Suit depending in any of his Majesty’s Courts, would hav$ amounted to wilful and corrupt Per-

jury; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to such and the fame

Punishment as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is provided for Persons convicted of wilful and cor-

rupt Perjury.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before given by this Act,

shall be distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and

shall be sued for, recovered, levied, prosecuted, and determined, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmbiJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, re-

spectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall

be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall happen to be sued or prosecuted for

any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall or may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon Trial a Verdict

ihail pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, discontinue,

or forbear prosecuting such Action or Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to Double

Costs against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as a Defendant can

have in any Cafe where Colts arc given him by Law.

4 XLIll. And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fijhy taken by Foreigners, being imported

4 into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Lave to import Lobfiers

4 anoTurbcts in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within everal Rivers in that

4 Part of this Kingdom called England: And also, of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Aid to render the Law more ejfcduatfor preventing the

Importation oj fresh Fish taken by Foreigners; and to explain so much of an Act made in the thirteenth andJour-

4 teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to Shivs exporting Fish to the Ports of the

4 Mediterranean Sea; and for the better Preservation of the Fry of Loojlers on the Coajl of Scotland; no

4 Fieri ing. Cod, Pilchard, Salmon, or Ling,frelhorfalted, dry or bloated, nor any Grill, iMackarel, Whiting,

4 Haddock, Sprats, Coal-fish, Gull-fish, Congers, or any Sort of flat Fish, nor any other Sort of fresh

4 Fish whatsoever (except Turbets and Lobfiers), can be legally imported into, fold, or exposed to Sale in

that Part of this Kingdom of Great Britain called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or received

4 from, any Foreigner or Foreigners, or out of any Stranger or Strangers Bottom (except ProteftantStran-

gets), inhabiting this Kingdom; and every Person offending by such illegal Importation, Sale, or Ex-

4 pofai to Sale, is liable to forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Informer,

in any of the Courts in V/ejhmrJlcr Hall, and to be distributed and disposed of in the Manner following;

(tuat is to lay,) one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other. Moiety thereof to the Poor of tie

4 Parish

