A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 0. 30,31. 363

Time being; and such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licenses in Scotland, shall be under the

Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by

an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second ('intituled, An Act for taking

away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and tenures in capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and

for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof); or by any other Law now in force relating to his A4a-

jesty’s Revenues of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are

provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying,

mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for pre-

venting, detedling, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties

or Provisions are prescribed by this Act, shall be excrciled, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution,

in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and

paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effedtualiy, to all intents and Purposes, as if all and

every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters,

and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures im-

posed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods,

as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or

Laws of Excile, or by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

JVefminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by

this Act imposed upon Licences as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame

excepted), shall,from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at WestminJier ;

and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made

Part of the Fund called The Corfolidated Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act,

such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and

shall be laid in the proper County 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and

if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

nonsuited,or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him,

her, or them, upon Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs

awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Scotland rtfpec-

lively.

Powen of any

Acts now in

forte relation ta

the Revenue? of

Excise ro extend

to this Act.

Ffow Fen^lret

are to be re-

covered and di-

vtded.

Duties tob« paid

into the Exche-

quer, and cariied

to the Consoli-

dated Fund.

Limitation

Aftiocs.

General Issue.

Treble Cofli.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines for the Stock of

certain foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on

Importation have been paid; and for amending several L^ws relative to the Revenue

of Excise.

44 Out of the Duties on foreign Wine imposed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. are to be paid to the Dealers in such

44 Wine for their Stock between May 9 and 15, the Sums following, viz. For every Tun of French Wine

44 imported into the Port of London, 49/. 4d. For every Tun of Portugal or Spanish Wine so imported,

44 14/. 9 j. 1 od. For every Tun of French Wine imported into any other Port than London, 4 SL ijs.$d.

*4 For every Tun of Portugal ox Spanish Wine so imported, 12/. i8j. 8 d. No Allowances to be paid

44 unless applied for before Juh 5, 17^7, &c. $ nor unless a Certificate be produced, that the Duty of Cuf-

44 toms had been paid. No Dealer to be entitled to any Allowance until a Month after Application, nor

44 unless his Stock exceed a Turn Allowances to be paid at four equal Payments. If such Wine be export-

44 ed, the Drawback to be the fame as for Wine imported after May to, 1787. If any Excels be found in

44 the Stock of any Dealer, it is forfeited, and also double its Value. Allowances may be paid out of any

44 Excise Duties, if those on foreign Wines should be insufficient.”

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days next after the Master wMdn thirty

or Purler, for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel wherein any French printed, stained, painted, or dyed D'J* after Re-

Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Suff (other than such fcYbringiii*

as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only), or French Beer, Ale, or Mum, for or in respect where- French c»ilt-

of any Duty of Excise is imposed by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, shall be imported or coe», &c. Entry

brought into this Kingdom, mall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report, upon Oath, of the Gown t#

of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, {£eCoir.a'or of

made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for E

preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's CuJlomS, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or penalty of their

Importers, Consignee or Conflgnees, of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, shall being forfeited,

make due Entry with the Collector of Excise in the Port or Place where the fame shall be so imported, of

*7 Geo. III. 3B all

Goo< 2

