A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 73.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Low Wines shall, within the Space

of twelve Hours after the fame shall have been run off from the Wash Still, be conveyed into the l ow Wine

Stii], and shall, within the Space of the next twelve Hours, be drawn off and distilled into Spirits; and if

any Diibller or Dibillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall keep any Low Wines more

than twelve Hours after the fame shall have been run off from the YVafh Still before the fame shall be put

into the Low Wine Still, or shall not, within the Space of the next twelve Hours after the lame shall have

been put into the Low Wine Still, work off and diltil the fame into Spirits, he, (lie, or they shall, for every

such Ostence, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds by the Hour, for each and every Hour beyond the

Time or Space hereby limited for that Purpose, during which he, she, or they shall keep any such Low

Wines without drawing off or diddling the lame into Spirits.

XXIil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Rcflifier and Rebli-

fiers. Compounder and Compounders of British Spirits, shall, before he, (he, or they shall begin to draw

©ft" any Spirit^ from his, her, or their Still, charge the fame in the Proportion of not less than seven Parts

in ten of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing ;

and such Still shall remain and continue lo charged until he, llie, or they shall begin to draw off Spirits

therefrom; and every such Still shall be worked off within eighteen Hours, tobecomputed from the Time

of the Officers taking the Gauge of the Still ; and if any Rectifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Com-

pounders of Spirits 1 nail begin to draw off any Spirits from his, her, or their Still not so 'charged, or shall

not work off the lame within such eighteen Hours, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence,

forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Maker, or Distillers

or Makers of Spirits for Exportation, {hall have or be intitled to any Allowance for or under any Pretence

of any Increase by Water, or any other Fluid mixed with the Walh put into his, her, or their Still, but the

whole Charge of such Still shall be considered as Wash; and he, she, or they shall, in respect of the said

Charge, produce to the proper Officer the several and respective Quantities and Proportions of Spirits spe-

cified and directed in and by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, amongst

other Things, for the better and more effcblual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties

upder the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein, under the Pains

and Penalties in and by that Act directed and provided in that Behalf.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise, having any Still or Still House, or

other Place used for the Purpose of making or distilling Spirits for Home Consumption, under his Survey,

shall keep exabt Accounts in his Books ot all Wash, Wort, Tilts, and other Liquors, whereon the said

Duties are imposed by this Act; and shall in his said Books of Accounts give unto the several and respective

Distillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, a Credit according to the following Rates or Proportions;

that is to say,

149

Penalty on keep,

ing Low Wines

more than 12

Hours after they

have been ru»

ntT fr in the

Wash Still, &c.

Penalty of 2001.

on Rectifiers

who do not

chargetheirStill*

as hrrrin cHiedl-

ed, or work

them < ff in doe

Time.

No Allowance

to be made for

any Fluid mixed

with Wash, &c.

Directions of

Alt 21 Geo. 3.

c. 55. to be fol-

lowed.

Officer* to keep

Account* of

W^fh, and give

Distillers the

following Cre-

dits, fix.

For every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts,

or any Mixture with the fame, a Credit for twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over

Hydrometer Proof;

For every one hundred Gallons of Cyder, Perry, Wash, or other Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort

or Kind of Bntifl) Materials, except Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, a Credit

for fifteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid:

For every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Melasses or Sugar, or any

Mixture with the fame, a Credit for twenty-two Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid :

For every 100

Gallons of Wort

made from

Grain, 20 Gal-

lons of Spirits s

For every ico

Gallons, made

from oiber Ilii-

tish Materials,

15 Gallons t

For every ico

Gallons made

from Melasses or Sugar, 22 Gallons:

And for every one hundred Gallons of Wash, composed of foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or

Wash prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, a Credit

for twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if, on carting up the Stock of any

Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers of Spirits for Home Consumption (such Maker not being also

a Redtifier), at the aforesaid Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, any Officer or Officers of Ex-

cife shall find the Quantity of Spirits, contained in such Stock, to exceed the Quantity for which the Dif-

tiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers thereof is or are intitled to such Credit as aforesaid, after making the

proper Deduction and Allowance for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to

such Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers, then, and in every such Cafe, such Excess shall be deemed

and taken to haveanfen, and been occasioned by Wort, Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor, not duly charged

with the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and so much of such Stock as shall be found increased,

{hall be forfeited and lost, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity so found in Excess {hall and may

be seized and taken by any Officer or Officers of Excise from and out of any Part of such Stock, and

the Person and Persons, in whose Stock such Excess shall be found, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Officers of Excise {half,

within thirty Days after the Commencement of this Act, and so afterwards once in every three Months

at the least, and oftenec when Occasion {hall require, or when directed by any principal or general

Officer

For every ico

Gallons made

ftom other so-

reign Materials,

20 Gallon*.

Encrease of

Stock, above

due Quantity,

to be forfeited,

and also 50!.

Officers to take

Stock of Distii-

lers every three

Months, or when

