408

Commissionerf

not to gi»c Di-

rcflions for Pay-

ment of any

Gratuity, but

such as shall be

specified in Dif-

patches proposed

by tbeDireOori,

&c.

Directors to lay

before euh

Houseo* Par-

liament an an-

nual Account of

the Produce of

the Revenues of

their respe£hvc

J’reiidcncics, &c«

Preamble*

* Sc 3 Edw. i.

c,a6. recited \

C. 8—16. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

IV. And be it further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to give, or cause to

be given, any Direction for the Payment of any extraordinary Allowance or Gratuity from the said Reve-

nues, to any Person, on Account of Services performed in India, or on any other Account whatever, to

any greater Amount, or to any other Person, than shall be specified and contained in some Dispatch proposed

by the said Court of Directors to be sent to Indiay and transmitted by them to the said Commissioners for

J:heir Approbation ; and that in every Cafe where any such Directions shall be so given, a distinct Account

of all such Allowances or Gratuities shall be added to the next Lift of Establishments laid before Parliament

by the said Court of Directors.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Directors of the said United Com-

pany shall, within the first fourteen Sitting Days after, the first Day of February in every Y ear, lay before

each of the two Houses of Parliament respectively, an Account (made up according to the latest Advices)

of the annual Produce of the Revenues (distinguishing the fame under the several Heads thereof) at their

several Presidencies respectively, and of the annual Disbursements at each of the said Presidencies and Settle-

ments respectively (distinguishing the fame under the several Heads thereof), and of the Amount of the Bond

and other Debts at each of the said Presidencies respectively, the Rate of Interest which such Debts re-

spectively carry, and the annual Amount of such Interest,

CAP. IX.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge

• over the River Avony in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

CAP. X.

An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkemvelly in the County of Middlesex, and fot

building a new Church, and making a new Church-yard, or Cemetry, in the said rari(h, with convenient

Avenues and Passages thereto.

* CAP. XI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight,

CAP. XII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and theit

Quarters.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to

the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the Town of Liverpooly and for

removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor of

Township of North Kymey in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. XV.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields^and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping

resorting to the said Town.

CAP. XVI.

An Act: for repealing an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King

Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the

Realm•

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Edward the

Sixth (intituled. An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm), it is enacted,

4 That no Person or Persons, after the first Day of April then next coming, shall ship, lade, prry,

4 or convey any White Afties to the Parts beyond the Seas, upon Pain of Forfeiture of six Shillings

4 and eight Pence for every Bushel of such Allies, so to be shipped or laded to be carried or conveyed to the

4 Parts beyond the Seas, the Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the King, and the other Moiety to him

4 or them that will sue for the same, in any of the King’s Courts of Record, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or

4 Information; in the which Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, no Wager of Law, EHoin, or Pro-

4 testion, shall be admitted or allowed: And whereas the Reasons for passing the said Act do not now exist,

• and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be repealed ;* May it therefore pleafi; your Majesty, that it

may

