224

Person* herein

specitml i x-

emp'ed from

laving, 5cc.

Lifti for two

Fl irt-s may he

mdued together.

Kew to he

made out when

any are left.

Penary on Con-

ft 'blcs ne^l <£)-

ii g their Duty,

&c,

50 1. PcnvVy on

Pnflnsen ea-

to iring ’O pro-

cure talfe Re-

turn', and IQ 1.

on Per'ons

in^ in tmfe

Kaxr.es, &c.

Pirfons must

trr e, though

removed friim

the 1 1 ice where

bailutted for,fcc.

Pa-t/h to hfc

deemed belong-

iag to the Coun-

ty wherein tl e

Churthis B;u<»te,

C. 107.

Anno vicesimo1 sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and inrolled as a Militia

Man.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person

who flnall serve as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company in h.s Majesty’s other

Forces, or in any one of his Majesty’s Cadies or Forts, nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private

Man, serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces, nor any Commissioned Officer serving, or who has

feived four Years in the Militia, nor any Person being a Member of either of the Universities, nor any

Clergyman, nor any licensed T eacher of any separate Congicgaiior, nor any Constable or other Peace Of-

ficer, nor any Articled Cleric, Apprentice, Seaman, or Sea-fari.tg Man, nor any Person mustered, trained,

and doing Duty, or employed in any of his Majesty’s Docks or Dock Yards, for the Service thereof, or

employed and mustered in his Majesty’s Service in the Tower of London, JVookvich Warren, the several

Gun Wharfs at P0ri[month, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses be-

longing to his Majesty under the Direction of the Hoard of Oulnance, nor any Person being free of the

Company of Watermen of the River Lhaincs, nor any poor Alan who has more than one Child born in

Wedlock, shall be liable to serve personaily, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; and no Person

having served personaily, or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this A cl, or any former Aci

or Acts, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who

has served only as a Substitute shall by such Service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by

Ballot.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any

two or more of them, within their respective Subdivisions, to add together, vvhensoever they shall think

neccfury, the Lifts for two or more Parishes, Ty things, or Places, and proceed upon such Lilts added to-

gether, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, Tything, or Place, so as to

make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every fuen Subdivision as equal and impartial as

possible.

XXIX. And be it futther enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish, Tything, or Place shall be loft or

destroyed, it (hell be lawul for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, to cause a ne

Lift in such Parish, Tithing, or Place, to be made and returned to them at their next Subdivision Meeting,

in the same Manner as the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them, by

Du xftion of the General Meeting.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdi-

vifton, or any two or more of them, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant, under their

Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, of-other Officer

of any Parish, Tything, or Place, within such Subdivision, at such T ime and Place as in such Order or

Warrant shall be exprdfed; and if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall

refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Chief Constable or other Officer

of any Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Head-

borough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tything, or Place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as

before directed, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from

the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, or shall in making

such Return be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect, in his Duty, the said Deputy

Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, arc hereby impowered and required to commit the Person so

offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month,

or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding live Pounds, nor less than forty

Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by

Promise thereof, or of any Indemnification, or by Menaces, or other wise, endeavour to prevail on any

Chief Constable, Constabc, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, to make a false Return of any

Lift for any Parish, Tything, or Place, or to erase or leave out of any such Lift the Name of any Person

who ought to be returned to serve as a Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay^the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall refuse to tell his Christian and Surname, or shall

falsely tell a Christian or Surname, pretending the fame to be his true Christian or Surname, or shall refule

to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or refilling within his or her House, or shall knowingly

tell any faife Name, pretending it to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Constable, Tything-

man, or other Officer authorised by this Act to demand the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay

the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia shall be

liable to such Service, although he may have removed from the Place where his Name was inserted in the

Lift, provided he was redding in such Place at the Time when the Lift was, according to the Directions of

this Act, prepared; and every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than one Place of Rest-

dence, shall serve for the County, Riding, or Place where his Name shall have been hi ft inserted in such

Lift as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivifiqn Meeting to which such Lift (lull be returned, shall, if such

Person requires the fame, grant a Ceitfficate grai's under his Hand, that such Peribn’s Name was inserted in

such Lift, and specifying the T ime when such Lift was made and returned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. T hat where any Parch shall lie in two or more Counties or Rid-

ings, the inhabitants of such Paruh shall serve in the Militia of that County or Riding wherein the Church

belonging to such Parish is fttuatej, and that such Paruh shall, for all the Purposes of this Adft, be deemed

Part of that County or Riding.

XXXIV- Provided

-

