524 C. 6—14. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. t>. 1789.

4 by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices

4 therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List?) the Office of Paymaster of the

4 Pensions, amongst others, is suppreflfed, abolished, and taken away ; and it is thereby also enacted, That no

4 Pension whatsoever on the Civil Establishment shall thereafter be paid but at the Exchequer, and in the

4 same Manner as those Pensions which were then paid and entered at the Exchequer, under the Head, Title,

4 and Description of Pensions, and that those which were transferred thither by the said Act, shall be subject

4 to no Taxes or Fees whatsoever, except the Taxes and I;ees tq which before the said Act they were subject:

4 And whereas the Pensions which were before the passing of the said Act paya61e at the Offic^of theray-

t master of the Pensions, and to the Servants of the late Queen Caroline, and the late Princds Dowager of

4 Wales, were nearly one Half of the Amount of the Whole of the Pensions which'in pursuance of the said

fion Lift ftaif b" * Act are now Paya^e at Exchequer ;* 'be it enacted, That, from and after passing this Act, one Half of

rated to the * Amount of the Pension Lift shall be rated, charged, and assessed, and continue to be rated, charged.

Land Tax, &nd afteflfed to the band* Tax; in the said Division-of ^ the- Palaces, of .Whitehall and Saint James* and in

no other Division, in each Year; and the other Half of the Amount of the Pension Lift shall be rated,

charged, and aiTefTed, and continue to be rated, charged, and assessed to the Land Tax, in the Division

or Place where the Pensions payable at the Exchequer are rated, charged, and assessed, and in no other Division

' or Place, in each Year.

CAP., VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reiga

6f his prtrfeqt Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County

‘ of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County,

CAP. VIII.

An Act for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex.

CAP. IX.

An Act to repeal two Acts, made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

44 25 Geo. 3. Cap. 30. and 26 Geo. 3. Cap. 9. recited ; and from April 5, 1789, repealed ; except in Cafes

44 relatii>g to recovering Arrears of Duties, or to Penalties incurred on or before that Day.”

* CAP. X.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

. . the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

CAP. XI.

An Act to enable Mary Alfager, Margaret Alfager, and Judith A.Jager, to finish and complete a new Church

or Chapel, in the Parifo of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the fame ; and to establish-

a Charity School within the said Parish ; and vesting the Right of Prcfent3tion to the said Church or Chapel

in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alfager, within the said County.

CAP. XII.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, and Publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York ; for preventing In-

croachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters

there; and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River Efk, within the said Town.

CAP: XIII.

An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An /til for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and for

indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into,Execution, from the Penalties they may have

incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

44 28 Geo. 3. Cap. 36. redted, and suspended until April 5,1790'. AH Persons indemnified who have omitted

44 to do any Thing required by the recited Act. This Act not to prevent the passing during the present

44 Session any Act to repeal or amend it or the recited Act.”

CAP. XIV-

An Act for amending an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church f

the Parifi) of Saint Mary Wanftede, alias Wanitead, in the County of Essex.

CAP.

