552

before they act,

on Penalty of

aoU

Duties to be

levied according

Vo Li As made

out parfuant to

*5 Geo, 3.

tin left Omif-

fio.ns are di (co-

hered, and then

A Met furs are to

make a Sur-

charge.

First A fit Ament

to be for ihree-

louiths of a

Year, from Tuly

5, 1789, and af-

terwards yearly.

Carriage* with

two or three

Wheel?, if used

for Pleasure, and

not generally for

Husbandry or

Trade, to be

liable to the

Duty imposed

bj *5 Geo. 3.,

and if not so

entered, the

Owners to for-

feit 7I. for each \

wh'ub may be

levitd by Dif-

trcft.

Application ot

Penalty,

Constables to

* * did in the

C. 49. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1789.

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners, in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City,

or Place respectively where the Assessments are to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer;

and it any Person so appointed or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as Assessor, Surveyor, or In-

speftor, shall nrefume to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment before he shall have taken

the aforesaid Oath or Affirmation, as the Cafe may be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the

Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That the Duties by this Act granted shall and may, from Time to

Time, be assessed, levied, and paid according to such Lifts in Writing of the Number of Horses and Car-

riages liable to the said Duties, as shall be kept or used by any Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall

from Time to Time be delivered to any such Affefior or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or

Inspectors respectively, in pursuance of the said AS of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, and

according to the Number of Horses and Carriages respectively contained therein, unless such Afieifors, Sur-

veyors, or Inspectors respectively, shall find, upon due Examination thereof, that any Hotfe or Horses,

Carriage or Carriages, is or are omitted in such List or Lists, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be

lawful for such Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors respectively, and they^and every and each of them shall

and may, and they are hereby required to surcharge the fame, and to make a true Assessment upon every

Person keeping or using such Horses and Carriages, according to, and under such Rules and Orders, Re-

gulations, Penalties and Allowances, as are in the said Act of die twenty-fifth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, or any Act therein recited or referred to, prescribed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment made under this AS, of the additional Duties

on Horses sgid Carriages hereby granted, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and afterwards the said Assessments of the said Duties

shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of April in every Year.

XVIII. 4 And whereas by the before-mentioned Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, it

4 was, among other Things, enacted, That the yearly Sum of three Pounds ten Shillings should be paid

4 for and upon every Calash, Chaise, or Chair with two or three Wheels, or by whatsoever Name such

4 Carriages should or might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses that should be kept

4 by or for any Person or Persons, for his or their Use, or to be let out to hire: And whereas several Car-

4 riages are constructed and used for the Purposes of Pleasure, and are entered and paid for as Carts or

4 Carriages liable to a smaller Duty, by virtue of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present

4 Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon IVaggons, wains,

4 Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commijjieners of

4 Excise, and the Names of the Proprietors or Owners of the said Carriages are sometimes put thereon in

4 order to evade the Payment of the higher Duties granted, to his Majesty by the before-mentioned

4 Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, greatly to the Detriment of his Ma-

4 jesty’s Revenuebe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Carriage or

Carriages with two or three Wheels, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages now are or here-

after may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, which shall be used at any Time for

the Carriage or Conveyance of Persons, and not generally used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the

Carriage of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place in the Way of Trade, shall be deemed a

Carriage and Carriages within the Meaning of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, and shall be entered and paid for accordingly ; any LHage or Custom to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if, at any Time, any Person or Persons,

to whom such Carriage or Carriages with two or three Wheels as aforesaid shall belong, shall not have

entered the fame according to the Rules, Regulations, and Directions contained in the said Act of thetwenty-

i fifth Year of his present Majesty, or any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, so far as the fame shall

be applicable to the Duties on Carriages with two and three Wheels, such Person or Persons to whom such

Carriage or Carriages shall belong, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of (even Pounds for every such Carriage

so used, over and above all Expences in prosecuting for the fame, upon Proof of the Offence before one or

more Justice or Justices of the Peace, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or upon the Oath of

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; which Oath the said Justice or Justices, to whom such Inform-

ation shall be given, are hereby authorised and required to adtninifter; and in case of Non-payment, the

said Justice or Justices are hereby also required to levy the said Penalties by Distrefc and Sale of the

k Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and

the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and Costs, and the Expences of Distrtfs and

Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and the said Justice or Justices shall pay one Moiety of the said Pe-

nalty to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Col left ors appointed by the Commissioners

authorised or appointed, or hereafter to be authorised or appointed, for putting in execution this Drefent Act,

for the Parish or Place wherein the Person or Persons, to whom such Carriage or Carnages shall belong,

shall reside \ and the said Justice or Justices shall render an Account thereof in Writing, (taring the Name

and Place of Abode of such Persons respectively from whom the Money has been so received, in order that

the said Commissioners may fee'the fame duly added to the Assessment of the respective Pariln or Place to

which the fame may belong.

XX. And be it further enacted. That all Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other his Ma-

jesty’s Officers, shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and af&fting in the Ex-

ecution

