142

Form of Con-

tiftion whrn'the

laid Penalty ii

D t paid.

Act not to ex-

tend 10 Currcr'f

ire. killinjr dif-

temperedHoifej,

Ac.

'CVilUr-makeri,

ice. killing

found Horses,

Ac. liable to

Penalty.

Witnesses refut-

ing to attend the

Justices, to for-

feit iol.

Pari ft!oner* to

be deemed com-

petent Witne/Ici.

General Jflue.

Treble Cofti.

Preamble.

C. 72. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg ii 111. A. D. 1786.

ceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner

paid$ and the Form of such Conviction shall be as follows, or to the like Eifedt:

44 BE rernem^ere(^> That on this Day of Ar. B. was con-

44 vidted, upon the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, before me C, D. one of his Majesty’s justices of

44 the Peace for the County of # , for occasionally lending a House [or Place, as the Cafe moj

44 bej, for the Purpose of (laughtering Horses [ory as the Caje may be, of (laughtering Cattle for other Pur-

44 poles than for Butchers Meat], without a Licence for that Purpose first obtained, according to the Statute

44 in that Cafe made and provided.

44 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written.”

XIV. Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to any Currier, Felt-maker, Tanner, or Dealer

in Hides, Who shall kill any distempered or aged Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull,

Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, or purchase any dead Horse, Mare, Gelding,

Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, for the bona fide

Purpose of felling, using or curing the Hide or Hides thereof, in the Course of their respective Trades*, nor

to any Farrier employed to kill aged and distempered Cattle, nor to any Person or Persons who shall kill any

Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or

other Cattle, of their own or other Cattle, or purchasing any dead Horse, or other Cattle, to feed their own

Hounds or Dogs, or giving away the Flefh thereof for the like Purpose.

XV. And be it further enacted. That if any Collar-maker, Currier, Felt-maker, Tanner, orDealerin

Hides, or Farrier, or other Person, shall, under Colour of their respective Trades or Occupations, know-

ingly or willingly kill any found or uleful Horse, Gelding, Mare, Foal, or Filly, or boil or other wise cure

the Flefh thereof for the Purpose of felling the fame, such Collar-maker, and other Tradesman or Person,

shall be deemed and taken to be an Offender within the Meaning of this Act, and shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, 'That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace before whom

Complaint shall be made for any Offence against this Act, to summon such Person or Persons, other than

the Party or Parties complained against, as he shall think proper, to appear before him at a Day certain, then

and there to give Evidence touching any Offence committed against this Act; and in case such Person or Per-

fons shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend, or give Evidence touching such Offence, he, (he, or they shall

forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and in Default ot Payment thereof, or in case of Inability to pay the fame,

shall stand committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Ca-

lendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the Parish where any Offence against this AS

shall be committed, shall, upon any Complaint or Hearing before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or

upon any Trial or Examination by virtue of this Act, be, and be deemed to be, a competent Witness, not-

w ithstanding his or her contributing to any of the Rates or Dues to such Parish ; or being a poor Person re-

lieved or relicvable by the said Parish, and intitled as such to receive any Benefit or Interest from any Penalty

or Penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enadlecfby the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may

plead the General IlVue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if

upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her,

or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hack-

ney Coaches, and for explaining and amending everal Aids of Parliament relating to Hackney

Coaches.

4 T T 7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Vear of his present Majesty’s

4 VV Reign (intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and

4 amending everal Atis of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches)y the several Rates and Fares to be taken

4 by Hackney Coachmen, and Persons legally acting under them, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach,

4 from and after the fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, are therein enu-

4 merated and set down : And whereas such Rates and Fares have been found insufficient to enable the

4 Hackney Coachmen to pay the Duties imposed, and also unsatisfadlory to the Publick :* Be it therefore en-

siled by ihe Xing’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present ^Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

irom

