A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 46—48. 499

--m J ^ A a! a4 A 1a ? A A if A ! a/X KjT *a am a 4b TJUfdrn/^mmm « 4« /J . A « J 4!* A /T. a/t IV A A A« AM /a a m! tf] 1a fk# O AA On\t A

to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Monies so paid

into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The

Confohdated Fund.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and

take etteft, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in refoeft whereof no special Commence-

ment is hereby directed pr provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-eight, and shall remain and continue in force, as to all such Matters and Things therein

contained An respect whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the Space of one Year, to be computed

from that Day.

CAP. XLVII.

to the Confbli*

dated Fuad.

A ft to com-

mence, at to alt

Matter* where

no special Com-

mencement is

provided, from

July 5, 1788,

and continue ia

force one Year*

An Act for allowing further Tiftie for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers.

44 Act 3 Geo. I. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &e. made since Sept. 29,1717,(0 be good in Law,

44 if inrolled before Sept. 1, 1788. Not to extend to Deeds, &c. the Validity whereof has been brought in

4‘ question before Jan. 1, 1788. Purchasers made not to be avoided, on account of the Title-deeds not

M having been inrolled, &c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Prelentation to any

44 Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist.”

Chorchwardeoa

and Overfcertof

the Poor, with

Consent of two

Justices, may

b-nd Boys

chargeable. Arc*

Apprentices to

Chimney

Sweeper*.

CAPa XLVIII*

An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers, and their Apprentices.

1 \\ 7 HEREAS the Laws now in being respecting Matters and Apprentices do not provide sufficient Preamble*

Regulations, so as to prevent various complicated Mileries, to which Boys employed in climbing

and cleansing of Chimneys are liable, beyond any other Employment whatsoever, in which Boys of tender

4 Years are engaged: And whereas the Misery of the said Boys might be much alleviated, if some legal Powers

and Authorities were given for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices:’ May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

grefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of

juh one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chuchwardens

and Overseers of the Poor, for the Time being, of the several and respective Parishes, Townships, dr

Places, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by and with the Consent and Approbation of two or more

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for any County, Riding, City, Town Corporate,

Borough, or Division, within Great Britain (such Consent and Approbation to be signified by such Justices

in Writing, under their Hands, according to the Form prescribed by the Indenture contained in the Sche-

dule hereunto annexed), to bind or put out any Boy or Boys, who is, are, or shall be of the Age of eight

Years or upwards; and who is, are, or shall be chargeabb, or whose Parents are or shall become chargeable

to the Parish or Parishes, or Places, where they shall so be; or who shall beg for Alms; or by and With the

Consent of the Parent or Parents of sech Boy or Boys, to be Apprentice and Apprentices to any Person or

Persons ufingorcxercifing the Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, for so long Time, and

until such Boy or Boys mall attain or come to the Age of sixteen Years; and such Binding out any such

Apprentice and Apprentices, shall be as efteftual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Boy

or Boys was or were of full Age, and by Indenture had bound himself or themlclves an Apprentice or

Apprentices.

II. 4 And, to the End that the Time of the Continuance of the Service of such Apprentice or Apprentices.

4 may plainly and certainly appear / be it further enacted, That the Age of every such Boy or Boys, so to

be bound Apprentice or Apprentices, shall be mentioned and inserted in such Indenture, being taken truly

from the Copy of the Entry in the Register Book, wherein the Time of his or their being baptised is or

shall be entered (where the fame can or may be had); which Copy shall be given and attetted by the Mi-

mfter, Vicar, or Curate of such Parish or Parishes, or Places wherein such Boy or Boys Baptiiin shall be

registered, without Fee or Reward, and may be written upon Paper or Parchment, without any Stamp or

Mark; and where no such Copy of such Boy or Boys being baptized can be had, such Justices of the Peace

shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of his or their Age or Ages, and from such Information shall

infeit the fame in the said Indenture; and the Age of such Boy or Boys, so inserted and mentioned in the

said Indenture (in relation to the Continuance of his or their Service) shall be taken to be his and their

true Age and Ages, without any further Proof thereof.

III. 4 And, to the End and Intent that there may be no Doubt or Uncertainty as to the Form of the I11-

4 denture, by which such Boy or Boys shall be bound Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, and that the

4 Stipulations and Agreements to be made and entered into by the said Master or Miftrefsmay plainly and

4 fully appear / be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Indenture shall be made and written out

according to the Form in the Schedule heieunto annexed, and that the fame shall not be charged with, or

liable to, the Payment of any higher or other Stamp Duty, than is now charged upon Indentures for

binding out poor Children by their refj>eftive Parishes or Placet; any Law or Statute to the contrary not-

withstanding.

The Age of die

Apprentice to be

inserted in the

In dent we.

Reference to the

Form of the In-

denture in the

Schedule*

