421

A. 13. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 27, 28.

CAP. XXVIF.

An Act for reducing the Duties on die Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of the European

Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, into this Kingdom.

f X 7 HEREAS byaT reaty of defensive Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and Preamble,

their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces, signed at the Hague the

4 fifteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it is, by the tenth Article thereof,

4 agreed, That until the two Powers conclude a Treaty of Commerce with each other, the Subjects of

the Republic shall be treated, in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as the most favoured Nation;

and the lame shall be oblt rved in the United Provinces towards the Subjects of his Britannick Majesty,

4 with an Exemption in the said Article, that it shall not extend to a Diminution of the Import Duties pav-

c able upon Linens;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellant Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 'That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand

(even hundred and eighty-eight, there shall be paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his He rs and Suc-

ceflors, on the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Linens), into Great Britain)

from any of the Dominions in Europe of the States General of the United Provinces. and which Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, shall be of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of those Dominions, the fol-

lowing Duties; (that is to say,) Such and the like Duties respectively as are now payable on Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize of the like Nature and Descriptions, particularly set forth and enumerated in the Table

marked (C), annexed to an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign (intituled, fn Act for reheating the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in

Ben thereof^ and for applying the said Duties, together with the ether Duties composing the Publick Revenue;

for permitting the Importation of certain Goodsy Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of

the European Dominions of the P rench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies,

remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt))

and which Goods it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain directly from any of the Domi-

nions in Europe of the said States; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and

upon all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Do-

minions (except Linens) which may be legally imported or brought into Great Britain) the lowest Duties

which are now payable by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of the like Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize respectively, from any other foreign Country or State in Europe.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the due Exportation of any the said

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, upon which the lowest Duties have been paid on the Import-

ation thereof, as aforesaid, to Places on the Exportation to which a Drawback is now allowed, the Exporter

shall be paid and allowed the like Drawbacks as are allowed upon the Exportation from Great Britain of the

like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into Great Britain from any other foreign Country or State

in Europe.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties and Drawbacks, charged

and allowed by this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, paid, allowed, appropriated,

and applied, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as the

Duties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in general are raised, levied, collected,

recovered, answered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament

in force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to exempt certain Licences, granted to Stipendiary Curates, from Stamp

Duties.

'Good 1 (<?*

cept Linen*)

of ih<* Growth

or M nwfa^ure

of the Europe All

Dominion* of

the United

Province?,

be imported

into Gieac

Btitain, on Pay*

ment of the Du-

ties payable on

like Good}, as

frt forth inTable

(C), annexed to

17 Geo. 3.C. 13.

and all other

Good* (except

Linens) which

may be legally

imported, on

Payment ofibt

L weft Duties on

like Goods from

any foeign Eu-

ropean Country.

Exporters of

Good*, for which

the lowtftDutiea

have been paid,

to be allowed the

usual Draw-

backs.

Duties and

Drawbacks un-

der this Act, to

be levied and

paid as Dutiee

and Drawbacks

are by Alls in

force on July 5,

178S.

4 \X7 HEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of their late preamble;

VV Majesties King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majest ies several reciting

4 Duties upon Vellum) Parchment) and Paper) for four Ttars% towards carrying or Pthe War against F ranee), 5 Gul. & Mar.*

4 it was enacted, That for every Skin or riece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which c.a»}

4 suiy Licence that should pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or

4 any Ecdefiastical Court whatsoever, should be engrossed or written, there should be paid the Sum of five '

4 Shillings: And whereas, by another AS of Parliament, made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign 9Gul.0.15;

4 of his said late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs

and SucceJforS) further Duties upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment) and Paper)) another Sum of five Shil-

4 lings was imposed upon all such Licences: And whereas by another Act, made and passed in the

4 twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties 12 Ann*, Star.

4 on Soap and Paper* and upon certain LinenS) Silks) Calicoes, and Stuffi) and upon Starch) and exported *c 9

4 Coals^ and upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for rai/ing one million four hundred thousand

4 Pounds, ’

