73

A.D. 1786. Anno vicelxmo sexto Georgii III. C. 51.

tothcUfeof his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of

the Customs as shall fuc or prosecutc for the fame in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at TVcjlmi*ifler%

or in the Court of Exchequer in «SV0//d/?'/respe£lively, where the Offence shall be committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Action or Suit shall be

commenced a gain ft any Person or Persons whatever, for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, the De-

fendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the

special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of

and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear lo to have been done, the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his Action, after

the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if Judgment shall he given upon any Verdict or

Demurrer against the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like

Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. LI.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the

said Duties.

1  WHEREAS, notwithstanding the many Laws made for securing the Duties on Starch, and for

YV proteding the fair Trader, many gross Frauds are still frequently practised by various Persons, to

the great Loss of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader . For Remedy thereof, be itenadled by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from

and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, before any Starch shall

be Dut into the Stove or any other Place to dry (except for crufting), all such Starch shall be put or wrapped

in Papers, and shall be tied in Manner herein after directed; and that when any Starch-maker shall be

desirous of papering Starch for drying, he, she, or they, shall give to the Officer for the Duties on Starch,

of the Divilion or District where his, her, or their Starch-house is situated, twelve Hours Notice in Writ-

ing, if such Starch-house shall be situated within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or if

such Starch-house shall be situated in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice in Writ-

ing, of the particular Time and Hour when he, she, or they, intend to begin to paper his, her, or their

Starch for drying, and shall in such Notice express the Number of Pieces intended to be papered, and into

what particular Stove or other Drying-place such Pieces are intended to be put to dry; and in case such

Starch-maker shall not begin to paper his, her, or their Starch at the Time and Hour mentioned in such

Notice, or within one Hour next after, then every such Notice shall be void, and such Starch-maker shall

be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice in Writing before he, she, or they shall begin to paper his, her,

or their Starch; and when any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall begin to paper such Starch, he, (he,

or they shall proceed and continue to paper the fame until all the Pieces of Starch mentioned in such No-

tice shall be papered.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Starch shall cause every

Piece of Starch, when papered, to be tied with Strings crossing each other on that Side of the Piece where

the Ends of the Paper (nail be folded, and shall cause to be strongly affixed or passed, with warm Passe made

wirh Glue, on every Piece of Starch so papered and tied, a Label, or Piece of thin Papery three Inches

long, and three Inches broad at the least, of a different Colour from the Paper in which the Starch shall be

wrapped; that is to say, if the Starch shall be wrapped in blue or brown Paper, the said Label or Piece of thin

Paper shall be white; and if the Starch shall be wrapped in white Paper, such Label or Piece of thin Paper

shall be blue; and such Label or Piece of thin Paper shall be affixed on that Side of the Piece of Starch

where the Ends of the Paper shall be folded, and in such Manner as to prevent the opening of the said Paper

ef Starch without tearing the said Label or Piece of thin Paper; and the Officer of the Duties on Starch

for the Division or District where such Starch-house shall be situated, shall attend and fee such Starch papered

ind tied in Manner aforesaid, and such Label or Piece of thin Paper affixed on every Piece of such Sttuch,

and shall take an Account of every Piece of such Starch; and such Officer shall cause every Piece of Starch

(o papered as aforesaid, to be stamped or sealed upon such Label or Piece of thiq Paper aforesaid, with such

Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners for the Duties on Starch in England and Scotland

respectively for that Purpose, before any such Piece of Starch shall be put into the Stove to dry; and if any

Starch-maker shall begin to paper his, her, or their Starch without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or having

given such Notice, and begun to paper his, her, or their Starch as aforesaid, shall not proceed and continue

10 paper such Starch in Manner aforesaid, or shall not cause the fame to be tied in Manner aforesaid, and

such Labels or Pieces of thin Paper to be affixed thereon as aforesaid, every Starch-maker so offending shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of

Jkne one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, ifany Piece or Pieces of Starch papered, not being stamped in

Manner aforesaid, or any Piece or Pieces of Starch not papered, or loose Starch, or Scrapings of Starch, shall

be found in any Stove or otherPlacefor drying belonging to any Starch-maker (whether such Place shall bean

entered Place or not'aft entered Place), all such Starch paired and not stamped, or not papered, or loose

Starch, or Scrapings of Starch, shall be forfeited, and the Starch-maker, in whole Possession such undamped

Starch, loose Starch, or Scrapings, shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds: Provided,

266*0. III. L That

Ceneral I (Toe*

Treble Code,

Preamble.

From June 24,

1786, Notice

shall be given of

the Intention to

paper Starch for

drying, and of

the Quantity.

Starch still be

begun to be pa-

pered wi'h n an

Hour after the

Time exprefl'cd

in the Notice.

Every Paper of

Starch /hall have

a Label therein,

flan-ped by the

Officer, on Pe-

nalty of ico U

Every Pat cel,

&c. of Srarch

found unftampf,

to be f«»rfr ite 1,

»nH the O* vet

fined 20c 1

