C. 5.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786,

Fxpnrtertomake

Oaihthat he be-

lieves the Du-

ties hive been

duly charged.

Sc c.

Particulars to be

complied with

be^ re any De-

benture frail be

granted for a

Drawback,

Collector to pay

the Drawback,

Taking a false

Oath, Sc c. deem-

ed Perjury*

Hops relanded

after giving Se-

curity, Arc . frail

be forfeited.

Act not to au-

thorifeexp^rting

of Hops to any

Place, or in

any Manner, not

Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular Hops so intended to be exported,

and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unladed, or

laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vcliel in Great Britain (except in case of Snip-

wreck or other unavoidable Accident) ; which Security the Officer of Excise of the Port or Place

where the said Hops shall be exported, appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise iri

England or Scotland reflectively, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, is hereby directed

to take, in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’s Use; and the said Exporter shall also, before

the shipping of fuen Hops, make Oath (or Affirmation if a Quaker), that he believes the Duties upon

such Hops had been duly charged (which Oath or Affirmation the Officer appointed for that Purpose

by the Commissioners of Excite in England and Scotland refi>edtively, or the major Part of them, for

the Time being, is hereby authorised and required to administer) ; and before any Debenture or Certi-

ficate shall be granted for the Repayment of the Duty on any Hops so exported as aforesaid, the Exporter

shall deliver to the Officer who shall have taken such Security as aforesaid, or to the Officer who shall ba

then appointed to take such Security as aforesaid for the Exportation of the Flops for which a Debenture or

Certificate is claimed, a Paper, containing the Quantity of Hops exported, and for which such Security

was given as aforesaid, together with the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which such Hops were exported,

the Name of the Matter or Commander thereof, and the particular Port or Place in Ireland to which such

Hops have been exported, and containing also the Weight or Tare of each such Bag, Pocket, and Cask of

Hops, and the Planter or Planters Name or Names, and the Place of his or their Abode, together with the

Dates of the Year in which such Hops were grown ; and the said Exporter shall also make Oath (or Af-

firmation if a Quaker) before the Officer appointed to take Security as aforesaid, that he believes the

Duties upon such Hops, mentioned 2nd described in such Paper, have been fully paid (which last mentioned'

Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer) ; and such Oificer being

satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall, within one Month after such last mentioned Oath or Affirmation shall

have been made, and after the a£lual Exportation of such Hops, give to the said Exporter, or his Clerk or

Agent, a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the Quantities of such Hops so shipped and exported/and

the Duties which have been paid for the fame respectively, and that Security hath been given before the

shipping the fame for the due Exportation of the fame; and such Certificate or Debenture being produced

to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Hops were so exported, he shall forthwith

pay or allow the Person or Persons so exporting the fame, or their Agents, a Drawback or Allowance of

the Duties before paid for such Hops so exported, or of such Part and so much of the said Duties for such

respective Hops so exported, as may now be drawn hack or allowed on the Exportation of such Hops by

any Law of Laws now in force; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the fame,

then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said Drawback

or Allowance, out of such Duties as Drawbacks or Allowances granted upon the Exportation of such Hopa

are now payable by Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That^my Person or Persons who shall be con—

vi£led of making or taking a false Oath or Affirmation to any of the Fadfs herein before directed or re-

quired to be sworn or affirmed,.shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Pe-

nalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. Provided always, That if after the (Flipping any such Hops, and the giving or tendering such Se-

curity as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid or charged

thereupon, the fame Hops, or any Part thereof, shall be again unfhippctl, relanded, or laid on Land, or

put into any other Ship or Vefl'el within Great Britain (except in case of Shipwreck, or other unavoidable

Accident), that then, and in every such Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied

and recovered to his Majesty’s Use, all the said Hops which shall be so unshipped, relanded, or laid on.

Land, or be put into any other Ship or Vefiel, within Gre it Britain (except in Cafe of Shipwreck, or other

unavoidable Accident), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may. be (eized by any Officer of the

Customs or Excise.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise any Pe/fon or Persons

to export any Hops whatsoever to any foreign Parts whatsoever, other than such Person or Persons might-

have done by Law before the making this Act*

heretofore allowed j

VI. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise any Person or Persons to export

Hops, in any Manner whatsoever, other than such Person or Persons might have done before the making,

this A cl, save and except as in this Act is expressly provided.

VIE Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to entitle any Person or Persons to

any other Drawback or Allowance, upon the Exportation of any Hops whatsoever, than such Person or

Persons would have been entitled to by Law, upon the Exportation of such Hops, before the passing of

this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures^

Forfeitures how imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods,

to be recovered as any pine^ Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or

Laws of Excise, or by Adlionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in, any of his Majesty's Courts of

Record at IVeJt'ininflery or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiet'y of

every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to him or them who shall inform, difegyer, or sue for the same*

IX. And

•xeept, &c.

No additional

Drawback to be

allowed.

Penalties and

and applied.

