588 C. 66. Anno vicesimo nono G.eTorgii III. A.D. 1789.

port to Parliament the is. om.

pcnf.iion to be

mjde.

Corntmllicner*

to <*ke tnc lol-

loping

Claimants, in consequence of ^he aforesaid Act, and which the said Claimants (hull not hava,been able to

avoid, and shall report, as soon as conveniently may be, to both Houses of Parliament, what Compensa-

tion IhHl appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable to be made to such Claimants* and the said

Commissioners, before they proceed to take any Step in pursuance of this Act, shall take an Oath before

the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of iris Majesty s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench

or Common Pleas, or one oY the Barons or tiic Exchequer (which they or tuner of them are hereby autho-

rifed and requited to admimiUr), in the Form following \ (iuat i? tohy,)

Oath, “ T A. B. do swear. That, according to the best cf my Skill and Knowledge, 1 will faithfully and im-

46 pania-iy execute the several rowers and Trulls veiled in me by virtue of an Act, intituled. A* Ad to

4C continue a i.nitca Prne, and amend an Act, mane in the last Scfon of Pornament, in tunic a, “ An Act

41 to rtgtdoie, fj. a tea Pi me, tnc Jurying and car? yin* Staves in Bruifil I'rjfels from the Cutft of

ct Africa.”

Trfafmy t»* or-

der 2,1 cel, «o

be >(lu-d lot ihe

P»> ment ot

CJtilti, Sec,

XIII. And l e it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea-

surer, or the Lord High Trealm tr for the l ime being, is ai d are hereby author ffied and required to dice and

cause to be paid all such Sums or Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Pu ion or Persons

by W

under their Hands, tic lire or diie^t, out of any i'art of toe

H*s M?jessy to

spj tint ir> V »-

car rie* of Corr.-

m ffiorers dur-

ing the Reeefi

of Parliament*

Before any Vef-

iel is cleared

outwards. the

K1 after, Othcen,

and Mariner!,

H execute Ar-

ticles of Agree-

ment, Sec in

the Forms here-

unto annexed j

and no «iher

Form to be used,

n Penalty of

50I,

Muller Rnil to

be regularly

kept, dec.

Penalty for

signing fa'.fe

Muller Kelli,

&c.

No Officer, &c.

to be turned

ter or dif

charged, hut

under the Cir-

eumft^ncei

herein mend-

cned.

No Slops, &c.

t > be 1 u/p tied

beyond 1.4th of

the monthly

Wa^et,

as the said Commissioners than,

Pubiick Monies remaining in his Ivi.ijdty's Exchequer* winch Sum so iffiatd and paid shall be employed

l\»r the Payment of Clerks, Alehengers, ai.ci other Officers, and m defraying ah other neceiLry Charges in

or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and, in such Proportions, as shall be

appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing unuer thtir Handi and Seal? in:that behalf; the fame to

be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be lifuctl and paid, according to the Course

of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken or demanded for cue hilling and

Payment of the fame, or on the passing or the luH Accounts, other than loch Sum as the said Commissioners

shall appoint; and which Money lo iilued shall not be subject to any 1 ax, Duty, Rate, or AiLiiment what-

loever nnposed by Authority of Parliament. ,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies,by

Death or Resignation of any one or more of the Lid Commissioners during the Receis of Parliament, it shall

and may be lawful for his i\l a jelly to nominate and appoint such perton or Pencils as he may think proper,

to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Peribn lo nominated and appointed shall be held and

considered to be inveited With all the fame Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this

A i\.

XV. And for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and PreLrvation of the Health of the Officers

and Seamen employed in Ships and Vessels trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves* and from thence to

the IVcft Indies and America,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the firil Day

of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-niue, before any Ship ,or Vefei is cleared outwards

from any Port in Great Britain, the Mailer, Udicers, and Manners, shall sign and execute Articles of

Agreement, and a Muller Roll, in the Presence of, and: witnessed by the Clearing Officer, and one of the

Tidclmen of the Port from whence the Ship departs, and :a Duplicate of the Articles of Agreement and

Muller Roll, duly ligned and executed, shall be delivered to tire aforesaid Clearing OiEcer, in order to its

bcifig lodged with the proper Officer in the Custom House, according to thtf Forms hereunto annexed,

which Agreement shall be couclusive to all Parties for the 'l ime contracted for; and no other Form whatio-

ever of Articles of Agreement or Muller Roll shall be used, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, one PL It to

be paid to the Use of Greemiich Holjmal, and the other Half to the informer, or. other Person^ who ihaii lue

for the fame in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record,

X\ I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Continuation of the Muller Roll

shall be regularly and duly kept during the Voyage, also a Log Book, wherein all Penalties, P'orteitures,

2nd Charges, againik any Officer or Seaman, shall oe regularly,entered, and ligned by the Mailer, Chief

Mate, and Surgeon, and delivered in upon Oath, together with the Muller Roll, on the Arrival ol* the Sffip

or Vessel at her dilchaiging Port in Great Britain, to the Collector or outer Chief Officer thereof* and K

any Mailer, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, shall be convicted of signing fdlfe M.ufter Rolls, Articles of Agree-

ment, or Log Book, he or they mall forfeit and pay the Sum ^f one hundred Pounds, and shall also fuher iix

Months impiifonment. . ’

XVII. Ard be it further enacted, 1'hat no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or dffi-

charged, upon any Pretence* whatfover, unless to aihlt a Ship jn,actual Dillrels, which is to be certified by

the principal Officers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in Writing with the said Officers or

Men so ient, or upon Preferment, with the Content of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from

the Captain of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels (if any are present), or in their Abience two Justices

of the Peace, or the ColiedYor and Comptroller of the Cuiloms at the Place or Port where such Ship or Veilel

shall be or shall rirfl arrive; which Certificate shall be returned wim ffie Muller Roll and Log Book, 00 the

Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Port in Great Britain* ,.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer, Commander,or dther Person shall supply the Officers

or Mariners, Seamen, or Seataring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article what-

soever, than to the Amount of one-fourth Part of the monthly W ages of such Officer, Mariner* Seaman, or

Seafaring Man.

2 XLX. And

