A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 57. 87

cuting thereof (save and except in the particular Cafes herein after specially provided}, shall be valid or

effectual; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever the said Special Commissioners shall not Majority to de-

concur in Opinion upon any Question or Matter to be decided by or before them, every such Question or termioe, and tb«

Matter shall be determined by the greater Number of the said Commissioners who shall be then present, so Pre<ld-Cnt

that the Number of Commissioners then present be not less than ten as aforesaid; and if the said Commis- ac*fllD* wle#

sioners shall at any Time be equally divided in Opinion, on any Question or Matter depending before them,

the fud^e then fitting as Preficient (null have two Voices, or the calling Vote.

X. And be it further enacted, 'That if any of the said Special Commissioners shall depart this Life, or be if by Death, or

excused from attending in the Manner by this Adfc directed, before the said Commission shall have been otherwise, the

fully executed, so that there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners to proceed in the due Exe- Number fliruid

cution of such Commission, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if all the said three

Judges shall happen to die, or be excused from attending in the iManner by this Act directed, whilst the Commissioo to

said Commission shall be depending ; then, and in either of such Cafes, and from thenceforth, the said Com- be made out,

million, and the Forte and EfFedt thereof, shall cease, and a new Commission shall be awarded for hearing

the Matter of such Information,'for which such former Commission was issued, and the Trial of such In-

formation shall becin de novo ; lave only and except with respect to the Examinations or Depositions of any

Witnesses (if any) which shall have been taken in Writing under the said former Commission, which

Examinations or Depositions shall and may be received and admitted as Evidence under such new Com*-

million.

XI. And be it further ena£led, That the said Special Commissioners shall severally attend in Court duringr

the whole 'Dial for which they shall be appointed as aforesaid, and none of the said Commissioners shall in

any-wfe absent himself from the same (except as hereafter is provided); and the said Court shall at no

Time proceed in the said Trial until all the said Special Commissioners, not having obtained such Leave of

Absence, or not having been excused as herein after is provided, shall be met and ailembled; and if the said

Special Commissioners (except as aforesaid) shall not all meet and alfcmble within the Space of one Hour

after the Time to which they shall have adjourned, such of them as shall be then present, or the major

Part of them, shall make an Order for a further Adjournment of the Trial, in which Order the Cause of

such further Adjournment shall be expressed, and a Copy of such Order, signed by the Register to the said

Commissioners, shall be served upon, or left at the uiual or last Place or Places of Abode of the said absent

Conmiiflioner or Commissioners respectively ; and at such further adjourned Meeting the Cause of his or

their Absence shall be enquired into by the Special Commissioners who shall be then present, before the

said Commissioners shall proceed to any other Business; and if it shall not be made appear, to the Satis-

ftetion of the said Commissioners, by P'a&s specially (fated, and verified before them upon Oath (or, in the

Cafebf such Fa&s being verified by a Peer of the Realm, then upon his Honour), that such absent Com-

missioner or Commissioners was or were, by sudden Accident, or by Necessity, prevented from attending

at the said former Sitting, it shall and may be lawful for the Special Commissioners then present, or the

major Part of them, to pass such Cenfiire upon such Commissioner or Commissioners who shall have been

so absent as they shall think fit, and also to impose upon such Commissioner or Commissioners respectively,

for such Negiecl of Duty, or upon any Commissioner or Commissioners who shall depart from the said

Court during the Sitting, and before an Adjournment thereof, such P ine or Fines as the said Commissioners,

or the greater Number of them then present, shall think fit, so that no such P ine shall exceed the'Sum of

five hundred Pounds; which Fine or Fines shall be forthwith estreated by one or more of the said three

Judges, into the Court of P^xchequer, and the like Procels shall be awarded by the said Court of Exchequer,

for levying the said P'ine or Fines for his Majesty’s Use, as is usually awarded for the levying of other Pirns

estreated into the said Court of Exchequer ; and the said Special Commissioners shall also have foil Power

and Authority to order or declare, that any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be so cenfored, or on

whom any such Fine or Fines shall be imposed, shall be disabled from acting in the further Execution of such

Commission.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis-

sioners, or the greater Number of them, to grant Dave of Absence to any of the said Commissioners, upon

Proof, to their Satisfaction, of Sickness or other urgent Occasion ; and such of the said Commissioners who

shall obtain Leave of Absence as aforesaid, and shall accordingly be absent during any Part of such Trial, shall

be no longer capable of acting under such Commission 5 any Thing contained in the said former Act, or in

this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, after the Trial of any Information shall have com-

menced and been begun by and before the said Special Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall (it every

Day, Sunday, Ckri/tmas~day, and Good Friday only excepted ; and the said Commissioners shall never

adjourn for a longer Time than twenty-four Plours, unless a Sunday, Christmasday, or Good Friday, shall

happen to intervene, in which Cafe their Adjournment shall not exceed twenty-four Hours, exclusive of

such Sunday, Chri/ima$~day, or Good Friday : Provided also, That if the Number of the said Special Com-

missioners capable of acting in the Execution of such Commission, according to the Directions of this Act,

fcail, by Death or otherwise, be reduced to ten, and any of such ten Commissioners shall be prevented by

fedden Accident, or by Necessity, from attending such Trial, the said other Commissioners, or the greater

Number of them, shall and may, at their Discretion, adjourn and suspend the Proceedings upon such Trial,

from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, so that any such Adjournment shall not exceed three

Days, and the Number of such succeslive Adjournments shall not, in the Whole, exceed ten Adjournments y

any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Ani

Commissionert

to attend during

the whole Trial,

unless absent by

Leave.

If all do not

meet, the M 1-

jority present

may adjourn.

Cause of Ab«

fence to be en-

quired iato.

Absentees may

be censured or

fined, and dif-

abled trora aft*'

ing.

How Fines are

to be levied.

Leave of Ab-

fence may be

granted to tom-

missioners, who,

however, are

disqualified.

During a T<ial

the Cotnmif-

sioners no. to ad-

journ for more

than 24 Hours,

except on Oc-

cafii*ns herein

specified.

