i8o

CiOct contain*

ing Herringi

incitled to Baun.

ty, to bf brand-

ed.

Bounties of 4«.

and it. per Bar-

rel to be pa:d as

the Bounty of

not. per Ton.

To Veffrls em-

ployed in * The

4 Deep Sea F»(h-

• ery,* addition-

al Premiums to

be paid. vis. For

the greatest

Quantity of Her-

rings imported

in one Vessel,

between June 1,

and Nov. 31,

80 Guinea* ;

for the next

greatest Quan-

tity, 60}

for the next, 40;

for the out) no.

Duties now pay-

able on Fish

caught and cured

for Home Con-

fomption to

ccafe on June I,

*7*7-

5.Geo. i. c. 18.

recited.

For such Fish as

heretofore would

have been inti-

tled to $t. per

hundred Weight

on Exportation,

no more than

3 a. to be paid.

C. 8s. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Ton. and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling

per Barrel.

XII. And be it further enafied, That before any Bounty granted by this Act, shall be paid to the Per-

fons intitledto receive the same, every Cask or Package of Herrings on which the said Bounty shall be de-

manded , shall be branded, in the Sight of the Officer of the Customs, with an hot Iron, in such legible and

lading Marks or Characters as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct, and as may effectually dif*

tinguifhthe Calks or Packages containing Herrings landed from Busies or Vessels intitled to the said Bounty

on the Tonnage thereof, from such as contain Herrings landed from Boats or Vessels not intitled to such

Bounty on the Tonnage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respeTive Bounties of four Shillings, and one

Shilling, for every Barrel of Herrings imported by any such Buss, Vessel, or Boat respectively, as afore -

said, shall be paid and payable by such and the fame rerfon or Persons, and in such and the same Manner

as the said Bounty of twenty Shillings/^r T on shall be paid or payable by and under, and by virtue and

according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon a Debenture or Certificate to be prepared and

granted by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port where the Fish, in respect whereof

the said Bounty shall be payable, shall be entered, and to be verified by the Person executing the Office of

Searcher in such Port.

‘ XIV. And, for the Encouragement of the Fishery usually called The Deep Sea Fishery, on the North

4 and North-east Coasts of this Kingdom ;* be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day of June

one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for the Space of (even Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, over and besides the several Bounties herein before granted, there shall be

payable and paid the several Premiums or Sums following; (that is to say), For the greatest Quantity of

Herrings which shall be caught by the Crew of any one Buss or Veil'd, the Owner or Owners whereof, in

respect of such Buss or Vellel, shall be intitled to the said several Bounties of twenty Shillings per Ton,

and four Shillings, and one Shilling per Barrel, herein before granted, respe£hvely, and which shall be im-

ported or brought in, by such Buis or Vessel, between the first Day of June and the thirty-first Day of

November, io any one Year, the Premium or Sum of eighty Guineas ; and for the next greatest Quantity of

Herrings, which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the Premium or Sum of rixty

Guineas; and for the next greatest Quantity of Herrings which shall be so caught, imported, and brought

in as aforesaid, the Premium or Sum of forty Guineas ; and for the next greatest Quantity of Herrings

which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the Premium or Sum of twenty Guineas ;

each of which said several Premiums or Sums shall be payable and paid at any Time or Times after the

thirty-first Day of November in every Year, by such and the same Person, and in such and the same Manner,

as the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton upon the Buss or Vessel, the Owner or Owners whereof in

respect of such Ship or Vessel shall be intitled to such Premium or Sum, shall be paid or payable under or by

virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon a Debenture or Certificate to be pre-

pared and granted by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port where the Fish in respe£fc

whereof the fame shall be payable shall be entered, and to be verified by the Person executing the Office of

Searcher in such Port.

4 XV. And whereas it is highly expedient, as well for the Purpose of encouraging the Fisheries by an

4 Extension of the Market, as for that of providing a cheap and wholesome Article of Food for the Support

4 of the Poor, that all Duties now payable by Law on such Herrings, Cod, Ling, and Salmon, or other

4 Fish caught and cured by British Subjects, as are removed for Home Consumption, except as herein after

4 is mentioned, should cease and determine be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the said first Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all Duties, now payable by virtue of any Act or A6fcs

heretofore made, and now in force, for or in respect of such Herrings, Cod, Ling, Hake, and Salmon (or

other White Fish, caught and cured by British Subjects, as shall be removed for Home Consumption f(av*

only and except such equalizing Duties as are by this Act expressly granted or directed to be continued on

Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tusk, and other White Fish, cured with Salt for which the Duty hath been paid,

and which shall be imported into England from Scotland), shall cease and determine.

4 XVI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of tlx British Fiji) ery inforeign Parts, and better

4 securing the Duties on Salt, the several Bounties, Kates, or Sums therein and herein after expressed, were

4 granted and made payable for all such Fish therein and herein after mentioned, as should be exported

4 from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into Parts beyond the Seas ; (that is to say). For every hun-

4 dred of Cod Fife, Ling, or Hake, except dried Cod Fim, Ling, or Hake (commonly called Haberdine),

4 which should contain in Length fourteen Inches or upwards, from the Bone in the Fin to the third Joint

4 in the 'Fail, five Shillings ; and for every hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake (commonly

4 called Haberdine), three Shillings : And whereas the Diitindtion between the dried Cod called Haberdiney

4 and dried Cod notfo called, is found to be useless, inasmuch as little less than the whole Quantity of dried

4 Cod exported, during the last thirty Years, hath been shipped as Haberdine, and as it also appears that

4 the Value of Cod in some of the foreign Markets is much diminished by that Degree of Dryness, which

4 gives it the Denomination of Haberdine J be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the

passing of this Act, for all such dried Cod, Ling, or Hake, as under and by virtue of the said Act, of the fifth

Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or any subsequent Act or Acts, would (in

case this Act had not been made) have been intitled to the said Bounty of five Shillings per hundred there-

by granted, there shall be payable and paid the Rate or Sum of three Shillings per hundred Weight, in

such and the same Manner, in every Respect, as the said Bounty, Rate, or Sum of three Shillings by the

said

