Ann6 vicesimo nono Gbo rgii III.

528

C. 26.

A.D. 1789.

<4

4

U

as the Cafe maybe} of and is a Person of good Character and Reputation, and if

a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman- Dated the

Day of

u A. B. Minister.

U £' } Householders.”

.flawter* to

mark «»n their

picks, tcc. L't-

eertfed Hauler,

&c. o.j Penalty

of ioi.

tTnlirenfrd Per-

fons so iraiking

t'eir Packs, See.

lo forfeit ioi.

Hawkers feIPng

finuf g'e^Gnodi,

&c. 10 forfeit

their Licences,

fee.

Hawkers trad-

ing wi hou» such

L crncc. or con-

trary thereto, or

refuting to pro-

duce, or not

having their

Licence to pro-

duce, to foiteit

xo‘.

Perfent forging

Licences, or ira*

ve*lif g with

them, 1© forfeit

led.

Person* lending

Licences, or

trading with

Jent Liceicis, to

forfeit 40I.

each, and the

Leader his

Licence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to whom any such Licence

as aforesaid shall be granted, under or by virtue of this Act, and who shall trade with, or under Colour of

such Licence, shall cause to be written, painted, or printed, in large legible Roman Capitals,' upon the

mod conspicuous Part of every Pack, Box, Bag, Trunk,-Cafe, Cart, or Waggon, or other Vehicle or

Conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and of every

Room and Shop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every Hand Bill, or Advertisement,

which he or she shall give out, distribute, or publish, the Words Licensed Hawker, together with the

Number, Name, or other Mark or Marks of Distin&ion, so written or printed upon his or her Licence

as aforesaid ; and that every such Person, in any Refpedi making Default herein, shall forfeit, for every Of-

fence, the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time, from and after the said

first Day of August, any Person other than to whom such Licence shall have been so granted as aforesaid,

shall write, paint, or print, or cause to be written, painted, or printed, or keep or continue written, painted,

or printed, upon any Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Cafe, Cart, Waggon, or other Vehicle or Conveyance,

foi any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or in any Room or Shop in which he or (lie shall (ell, or expose

to Sale, 01 keep for Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, the Words Licensed Hawker, or Licensed

Pedlar, or any other Word or Words to that Effect* every Person offending herein dull forfeit, for each

Offence, the Sutn of tep Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman,

or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first Day of Attgujl, be convicted or deal-

ing in, or vending or selling any Kind of smuggled, contraband,;or prohibited Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

dizes, or dealing in, vending or selling any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, fraudulently or dilhontftiy

procured, either by themselves, or through the Medium of others with their Privity a»d Knowledge, every

such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or trading Person, shall, from and after such Conviction, forfeit his

or her Licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing,

trafficking, or trading under the fame* and that over and above all such Forfeitures and Incapacities, Pines

and Penalties, to which he or (be is or shall be by Law (abject and liable for such illicit and illegal trafficking

and dealing.

XL And be it further enacted. That if any such Hawker, PcJlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading

Person so travelling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said hr it Day of Augtt/?, trade as aforesaid, with-

out, or contrary to, or other wise than as shall be allowed by such Licence, such Person shall, f<> r each and

every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned;

and that if any Person trading under and by virtue of ai y Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, upon

Demand made by any Person or Persons authorised or appointed to demand any such Licence, by the Com*

missioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen for the Time being, or any two of them,

under their Hands and Seals, and upon producing or ihe wing such Authority or Appointment to such 1

Person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by. any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable,

or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, Town Corporate, Borough, ur Plaof*,

where he or she shall so trade, or by any Officer of the Customs or Excite, shall refine to produce and

shew his or her Licence (or so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her Licence for so trading as

aforesaid ready to produce and shew unto such Person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto

such Ju^ice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, Officer of the Customs or Ex-

cife, that then thi Person so refilling,or not having his or her Licence ready to produce and ihew is aforesaid,

shall forfeit ten Pounds, to^be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned, and for Nonpayment thereof,

shall fuller as a Common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction.

XII. And be it further en'acted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or PeT:>n$ whatsoever

shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences, by this A& directed eo be granted, or travel with, or

produce or shew, any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences for any or the Purposes aforesaid,

every such Pei foil Iliad, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recover;d

and applied as herein-after is directed.

XIII, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall let out to hire

or lend any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with, or under Colour of, any Licence

granted unto any other Person whatsoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall

not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the fame is granteJ, the Person letting out to hire or

lending any such Licence, and the Person so trading with, or under Colour of, any Licence granted to*

any other Pei foil, or any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name

of the Person to whom the fame is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds, to be reco-

vered and applied as herein-after mentioned; and in case any Person shall be convicted, or have Judgement

against him for lending "his or her Licence to any other Person or Persons, contrary to this Acfc, such hisor

her Licence iha;i be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of fearing

any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

XIV. Ari

t^oooole

