37+

Good?, Arc. of

which no Eiuriei

have been made

and on which the

Dorieihave been

reduced by 17

Geo. 3. c. 13. to

be subject to

those Duties

only.

The Duties im-

posed by the

laid Ad 00

C'oalf, Sec.

brought Coast-

wife, to be

charged on ail

Coals which

Bull be carried

by Sea from one

Port and land-

ed in another

in Great Britain}

except where

otherwise pro-

vided in the

said Act.

Duties on Coals

brought Coast-

wife may be

secured by Bond;

but if a Person

who has entered

ir.to such Bond

Ihenld be de-

firous of being

bound again be*

fore 1 he first

Bond be dif-

charged, he may

be required,

with three Se-

curities, to give

Bond in the Pe-

nalty of 4,000 I.

for doe Payment

(*f Duties.

Duty en Impor-

tation of Ge-

neva to be 9 d.

per Gallon, and

D.awb^ck t n

Exportation, 8 d.

From June 1,

1787,Ebony un-

manufactured,

■aay be imp *rted

from Africa Du-

f|-lrf«.

C. 3 2. Anno vicesimo feptimo G b o r g i i III. A. D. 1787.

4 in certain Schedules and Tables to the said Act annexed : And whereas it is expedient that all Goods,

4 Wares, or Merchandize, on which the Duties imposed by the said Act are reduced lower than those re-

4 pealed, and which have been imported or brought into this Kingdom, but of which Entries have not been

4 made,'or which shall or may be imported or brought into this Kingdom, on or before the said tenth Day

4 of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, should be charged with the Duties imposed by th£

4 said Act, and no other;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, on which the Duties have been so reduced, and which have been imported or brought into

this Kingdom, of which Entries have not been made, shall be charged with, and shall be subject and liable

to the Duties respectively imposed by the said recited Act, and no other.

XXI. 4 And whereas by the said last before-recited Act, made and passed in this present Session of Parlia-

4 ment, certain Duties of Customs are imposed upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought Coastwise withirt

4 the Kingdom of Great Britain : And whereas Doubts may arise concerning the true Intent and Meaning

4 of the Words inserted in the Schedule marked (A), annexed to the said recited Act, as far as the fame may

4 relate to the Duties to be charged on Coals, Culm, or Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise, or from

* Port to Port in Great Britain ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and

respective Duties of Customs, imposed by the said Act upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought Coastwise

within Great Britain, shall be charged and paid upon all Coals, Culm, and Cinders respectively, which

shall be shipped or waterborne, in order to be shipped or laid on board any Ship or Vellel to be carried

by Sea, and which shall be carried by Sea in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place within the

Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall be imported, brought, or landed, in any other Port or Plac£

within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, save and except in such Cafes where special Provision is parti-

cularly and exprdsly made to the contrary in the said recited Act, or in the Schedule or Tables annexed

thereto.

XXII. 4 And whereas by the said Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, it is among other

4 Things directed. That the Duties on Coals shall be paid in Ready Money, without Liberty to bond

4 the lame: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Duties payable upon Coals brought Coastwise,.

4 or from any Port or’Place, to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, to be secured by Bond :* Be

it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer

or Proprietor, or for the known Agent or Factor of the Importer or Proprietor of any Coals which

shall be brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place, to any other Port or Place within Great Britain,

to secure such Duties by Bond, which Bond shall be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdl'ors,

in a Penalty equal to double the Amount of such Duties, by such Importer or Proprietor, or such knowrt

Agent or Factor, together with the Master or other Pevfon having or taking the Charge or Command of

the Ship or Veil'd in which such Coals shall have been brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to

any other Port or Place within Great Britain,*W\t\\ Condition that such Importer or Proprietor, or such

known Agent or Factor, shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the Use of his Majesty, within

sixteen Days from the Day of the Date of such Bond, to the Collector of the Duties upon . Coals, in the

Port, Member, or Creek in this Kingdom, to which such Coals shall have been brought Coastwise, or from

any other Port or Place, the full Sum which shall be due and payable for the Coals delivered out of such Ship

or Vellel.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Importer or Proprietor of

any Coals brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain»

or any Agent of or Factor for such Importer or Proprietor, who shall have entered into Bond as aforesaid,

shall be desirous of becoming Security for the Duties on any other Cargo of Coals, during the Time such

Bond shall remain undischarged, it shall be lawful for the said Collector of the Duties on Coals to refuse such

Importer or Proprietor, or such Agent or Factor, to be again Security for any of the said Duties payable

upon Coals, until such Importer or Proprietor, or such Agent or Factor shall, together with three sufficient

Securities, to be approved of by such Collector, have given Bond to such Collector, to the Use of his iVJa-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the penal Sum of four thousand Pounds, with Condition that such Importer

or Proprietor, or such Factor or Agent shall, from Time to Time, well and truly pay or cause to be paid to

the said Collector all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall be due and payable by Law for the Dutie$

on any Coals delivered out of any .Ship or Vellel, and for the Payment of which Duties such Importer of

Proprietor, or such Agent or Factor, shall have entered into Bond as aforesaid.

XXIV. 4 And whereas by the Schedule marked (A), annexed to the said Act made and passed in this

4 present Session of Parliament, Brandy, of any Country or Place, is charged, on Importation, with Duty

4 at nine Pence per Gallon ; and Geneva is charged, on Importation, with Duty at five Pence per Gallon:

4 And whereas it is expedient that Geneva should pay the like Duty of nine Pence per Gallon, and be al-

4 lowed a Drawback accordingly ;J be it therefore enacted by the Authority a‘orefaid, T hat the Duties to

be raised, levied, collected, and paid, upon Geneva, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, shall be

after the Rate of nine Pence per Gallon ; and such Geneva Avail, on Expoitation, be allowed a Drawback of

eight Pence per Gallon ; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithibnding.

XXV. 4 And whereas a ctrtain Species of Wood, called Ebony, being the Growth of Africa* is become

4 very ufefui and neceli'ary to Cabinet-makers, and other Artificers in this Kingdom, and it would tend

4 to the Improvement of the Manufactures thereof, if Liberty was given to import the fame into this King-

4 dom from Africa Duty-free be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That* from and

after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any

Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom directly from any Part of Africa, in British-byiWt Veifcls

owned, navigated, and regifteied according to Law, Wood called Ebony, being the Growth and Product of

5 Africa*

