A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o£tavo Georgii III. C. 49. 503

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Justiceimijr aft

from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace,

acting as such, for any two or more Counties, being adjoining Counties, to aS as a Justice or Justices of Ing u 1 0

thePeacf in all Matters and Things whatsoever, concerning or in any wise relating to any or either of the

said Counties, and that all AS and Acts of such Justice or Justices 0; the Peace, and the Act and Acts of

any Constable or other Officer in Obedience thereto, shall be as valid, good, and effectual in the Law, to

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Act or Acts of the said justice or Justices, had been done

in the County or Counties to which such Act or Acts more particularly relate; and all Constables and

other Officers of the said County or Counties to which such Act or Acts relate, are hereby authorised and

required to obey the Warrants* Orders, Directions, Act and Acts of such Justice or Justices so granted,

given and done, and to do and perform their several Offices and Duties, under the Pains and Penalties to

which any Constable or other Officer may be liable for a Neglect of Duty : Provided always, That such If they reside i*

Justice or Justices be personally resident in one of the said Counties at the Time of doing such AS or Acts: ®i!her> lh.e

Provided also^ That the Warrants, Orders, or Directions, so to be given and granted, be directed and Timeoft0in*

given in the nrft Instance to the Constable or other Officer of the County to which the fame more particu-

larly relate.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Constable*,

it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, 'I ythingman, Headborough, or other Peace Officer, or any *"*7 carrr °r-

other Person or Persons apprehending or taking into Custody any Person or Persons offending against Law, fr^\h^9

and whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take into Custody by virtue of his or their Office /0ur t^eVounry,

or Offices, or otherwise howsoever, to convey and take the Person or Persons so apprehended or taken into and resident U

Custody as aforesaid, to any Justice or Justices of the Pe'ace acting for the said County, and resident in such the adjacent

adjoining County as aforesaid; and the said Constables, Tythingmen# Headboroughs, and other Peace CoHnty,*c.

Officers, and all and every other Person or Persons, are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, in

all such Cafes, so to act in all Things as if the said Justice or Justices of the Peace was or were resident

within the said County to which they respectively belong; ana all and every Person or Persons obstrudling

w hindering the said Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers, in the Execution

of their respective Offices, in the said County or Counties adjoining as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby

made liable to the same Pains and Penalties, for such ObstruSion and Hindrance of the said Officers in the

Execution of their respeSive Offices, as if the fame had been committed in the County for which the said

Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers were appointed to act.

III. And be it further cnaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this AS, Sheriffs, Set.

it shall and may be lawful for any Sheriff, or other Person or Persons deputed by him, or acting under his may convey Of.

Authority, Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, or any other Person or Persons fender* through

lawfully taking into, or having in his or their Custody respectively* any Person or Persons offending against Jit, to^he G»ol

Law, and whom he or they may or might lawfully convey to Gaol, or any Place of safe Custody, to convey’ of the County

or take the said Person or Persons so in Custody as aforesaid, into and through any Part or Parts of the said where the Of-

County or Counties so adjoining, in their Way to such Gaol or Place of fare Custody within the County *

wherein such Offence was done or committed; and all and every Person or Persons escaping from such Cu(- ®lUed*

tody as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting such Escape or Escapes, or refeuing such Person or Persons so in Cuf-

tody as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties for such Escape or Escapes, and for such

Aid and Assistance so given as aforesaid, and for such Rescue and Rescues, as if the said Escape or Escapes

had happened, or such Aid and Assistance had been given, or such Rescue or Rescues made, in the County

wherein such Offence was done or committed.

IV. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First (intituled, 9 Geo. 1. c. j.

* An Atl for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor), Provision is

f made for enabling Justices of the Peace, dwelling in any City or other PrecinS, being a County of itself,

* situate within a County at large, to act as such Justices for the County at large, at certain Places

* within such City, Town, or other PrecinS: And whereas such Provisions have been found beneficial to Justice* for

* the Public, but Doubts have arisen with respect to the ConftruSion of the said AS in certain Cafes;’ Countie* at I i»te

for the removing whereof,' be it enaSed, That, from and after the passing of this AS, it shall and may be ™.ayh?a "

lawful for any Justi^ or Justices of the Peace? aSing for any County at large, to aS as such at any Place £."ng\ *cLn'7

within any City, Town, or other PrecinS, being a County of itself, and situate within, surrounded by, or of iifcif, situate

adjoining to ariy such County at large : and that all and every such AS and Acts, Matters and Things, therein or ad

done by such Justice or Justices of the reace for the said County at large, within such City, Town, or other f«h

Precinct, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law, as if the fame had been done within the said County Counly8

at large to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always. That nothing in this AS contained hut are not to

shall extend to give Power to the Justices of the Peace for any County at large, not being Justices for

such City, Town, or other PrecinS, or any Constable or other Officer aSing under them, to aS or fochCiT?, ir"

intermeddle in any Matters or Things arising within any such City, Town, or PrecinS, in any Manner they are not aif«

whatsoever. • j..oi«s f.tthe

fjme.

*8 Geo, III.

iU

CAP.

