A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 59.

to the best and highest Rate and Price which Wine of the heft Quality of that Kind {hall fell for in London at

the Time when inch Porfeiturc shall be incurred ; and if such Permit or Permits are not so returned as afore-

said, and in case, upon taking an Account, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of Foreign

Wine remaining in the Hands or Custody of the Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, from or out of

whose Stock. the Wine mentioned in such Permit or Permits as aforesaid 31c thereby auihorifcd to be re-

moved, there shall not appear a sufficient Decreafc to answer the Removal of the Wine mentioned in

such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, relpeclivciy, then and in such Cafe the respective Dealer or Dealers,

or Seller or Sellers, from or out of whose Stock such Wine mentioned in the said Permit or Permits

shall be authorised to be removed, shall forfeit and loie the like Quantities of Wine’ so permitted to be re-

moved, and not removed according to such Perinifiion, to be seized and taken by the Officers of Excise, or

any or either of them, out of any Foreign Wine of the Denomination griven in such Permit or Permits to the

Wine 1o authorised to be removed, and then in the Custody or Poilcfiion of the Dealer or Dealers, or

Seller or Sellers, forfeiting the lame; and if such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall not then

have in his, her, or their Custody or Poilession, such like Quantity of Wine of that Denomination, then

and in such Cafe such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Permit or Permits, for the

Removal of any Foreign Wine from one Place to another, shall be granted by any Officer or Officers of

ixcise, to any Person, other than a Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of. Foreign Wine by Wilde-

st or Retail, and if within the Times limited in Inch Permit or Permits respectively for that Purpose, such

Person or Per tons to or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so granted, {hall not either actually and

really fend away all the Wine by such Permit or Permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the true

intent and Meaning of such Permit or Permits, or, in Default of so fending away such Wine, shall not, be-

fore the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Permit and Permits respectively, return such Permit

and Permits to the Officer or Officers who granted the fame, then, and in every such respective Cafe and

Cafes, the Person or Persons, other than such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine

by Wholesale or Retail, to whom such Permit or Permits, or for whose Life such Permit or Permits shall

have be*n granted, shall, for every Gallon of such Wine mentioned in such Permit or Permits, and not re-

moved according to the Purport thereof, forfeit and lose Treble the Y'alueof such Wine, to be estimated ac-

cording to the bcil and higheff Rate or Price which Wine of that Kind shall fell for in London at the Time

when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Permit for the Removal of any Foreign

Wine from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, and for the Removal of which a Permit is

by this Abb required ; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any falfeor untrue Permit

for such Removal of Foreign Wine, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue

Permit with any such Wine removed or to be removed as aforesaid ; or if any Person or Persons shall frau-

dulently alter or erale any such Permit, alter the fame shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer

of Excise ; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly pubiifh or make use of any such Permit,

so counterfeited, forged, falle, untrue, altered, or eraled ; every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each

and every such Offence, severally forfeit and loie the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XL,. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall counterfeit or forge, or caule to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate of such Recognizance as is

herein before required to be taken, being entered into, or any such Indorsement as is herein before directed

to be made, or shall knowingly or willingly give any such false or untrue Certificate or Indorsement, or shall

knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue Certiffcate or Indorsement with any such

W me removed, or to be removed, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or erase any such Certificate or

Indorsement granted or made by any such Justice of the Peace, or shall knowingly or willingly publish or

make use of any such Certificate or Indorsement so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or eraled, the

Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of five

hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJhnvJhr, or Court of Exche-

quer in Scotland, for any or either of the said Penalties of five hundred Pounds, a Capias in the ffrff Process

£bHl and inav iff'ue, specifying such Penalty or Penalties ; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged

to give sufficient Bail, by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons

to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day

of the Return of Inch Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution ; and shall likewise, at the Time of such Ap-

pearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay

(ueb Penalty or Penalties of five hundred Pounds, in case he, fire, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield

h»s, her, or their Bodies to Prison.

XEII. And be it further enacte d by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Foreign Wine shall be

fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place whatsoever, wnth an Intent to defraud his Majesty of

the Duties thereon, such Foreign Wine shall be forfeited and loll, together with the Calks, Bottles, jars,

Vessels, and Packages whatsoever containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Of-

ficers oi the Customs or Excise ; and, the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Foreign

Vv me so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, if any such Officer or Officers shall have Cause to fuspect

that any Foreign Wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place whatsoever, with ln-

zS Geo. 111. p tent

*05

and if on fakin;

Seock,? D-civ*Is

proportionate to

the Content.? of

the Permit dors

notaopear, a like

Qjnntiy m*y

be lciztd, &c.

Private Persan*

rot removing

Wine agreeable

to Permi’.s, must

ret’.rn them, on

Penalty of Tre-

blc the Value

oi the Wine.

Persons g’vingor

nfingfalle Per-

mits to forfeit

5001.

Penalty on forg-

ing Certificate of

Recognizance.

In every Aflloii

for the said Pe-

nalty, sufficient

Bail to be gi>cn.

Wine fraudu-

lently hid to be

forleiied.

How Officers are

to proceed when

they susped

Wine is frau-

dulently deposit-

ed.

