A.D. 1786. Anno viccfimo sexto Georgii III. C. 107, 223

holffin, within the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers

of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to

the ConstabTe, Tytbingman, Headborough, or miter Officer of every Parish, i ything, or Place, within their

respeitive Hundieds, Rapes, Laths, W apentakes, or other Divisions, or the Number of Men so appointed

to serve for luc'n Paiifh, Ty thing, or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting ;

and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointment,

fluid cause the Number of Aden appointed to serve as aforesaid to be choien by Ballot out of the Lift returned

for every Parish, Tything, or PLce atbrcf.ffij, and Hull appoint another Meeting to be hold-en within three

Weeks in the fame Subdivision, ar.d shall issue out an C)rder to the Chief Constables, or other OfEcers of

the relpeStive Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tything-

man, Headborougii, or other Officer of every Parilli, Ty thing, or Place, to give Notice to every Alan so

choien to lerve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice 1 hall be given or left at his Place of

Abode, at Rail seven Days before such Meeting •, and such ComHble, Tythingman, Head jorough, or other

Officer, fty.di attend such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Days when inch Notice was flrvcd,;

and every Peribn 10 choien by Ballot thull, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and there take the perf-ms cUfe«i

following Oath; (that is to lay), to tak-. the 10U

lowing

u T A. B. do fincerciy promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty* Oath*

u A King George ; and 1 do swear. That I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia,

“ within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Dctence of the fame, during the i ime of live Years for

M which I am inioiled, unless I shall belboner discharged.”

And every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in * tobeinro!-

the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of five Years: Pro- lcd 5 Year,#

vided always. That if any Person so choien by Ballot shall produce for his Substitute a Man of the fame

County or Riding, or of feme adjoining County or Riding, able and lit for Service, who shall have not more perfom chefea

than one Child born in Wedlock, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or iray find Sub-

more of them, such Substitute, so produced and approved, shall be inrolled to serve in the Militia of such flitutes, *ho are

County, Riding, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of live Years, and also for such further /(war*

Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if, within the Spice of five Years, his Majesty shall order and r0iCCan wafn*

direct the Militia for which such Man is inrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein alter provided ; and

i'uch Substitute (hull take the following Oath :

A. B, do fincerciy promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty o*tfcf

KingG kcrge ; and I do swear, That I am a Proteffiant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia,

44 within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the Time of live Years, or

44 for such further l ime as the Militia shall remain embodied, if, within the Space of live Years, his Ma-

44 jessy shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be lboner dif-

44 charged.”

And any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, approved, inrolled,

and fwornas aforesaid, ffiiall be exempt from Service in the Militia, in the lame Manner as if he hiinfdf had

ierved according to the Directions of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted. That if, through the Neglect or Mistake of any Chief Constables, iftHefullNtim*

Constables, or other Officers, or from any other Caule, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdi- ber are not in-

vision should not be duly inrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, as before directed, then the De- rolled, a frdh

puty Lieutenants, at their said Meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required

immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a frdh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, u en*

or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts, as may be neccifary and expedient for

carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution ; and it shall be lawful for any one Deputy ’ One Dsoutymay

Lieutenant to administer the Oath herein before required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Militia, to rdminiftrr ihe

any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a V olunteer under the Directions of this Act, or to any Per- OaU*, &c.

son who, being qualified as this Act requires, lhffil offer to lerve as a Substitute ; and such Deputy Lieute-

nant is hereby authorised to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person by

whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to inroll the Name of every such Person, to-

gether with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such

Subdivision.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of p«rfom ch*fiti

this Act, to ierve in the Militia (not being one of the People called Quakers), shall refuse or neglect to and not appear*

appear and take die laid,Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a bubstitute, to be approved as afore- ,nK» &c. loritic

Ltd, who shall take n,c Lid Oath, and lign his Content to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so re- 10

fudng or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and at the Expiration of five Years be

liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute; and in Default ot Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of

Efficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person Hull be entered on the Roll, and such com!U

Person shall be delivered over to feme proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com- jdled to serve.

puny, for whica he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve for such Term, to be computed from the

'l ime ot las btir.g apprehended, as any other Person who should be then ballotted for would be com-

pelled to serve, ..ad shall be luhjeNt 10 the lame Punishments, for afterwards absconding or defer ting,

as

e

