630

r of Snuff for

Sale by the

Manufacturer*

Manufacturer!

or Dealers may

return Tobacco

or Snuff received

into then Stock,

to the Persons

from whom they

receivec it, un-

der the Regula-

tion! herein

Specified;

but if found

returned or re*

turning, with-

out Permit, &c,

nay be feistd,

ana the Party to

fttfeit 50I*

If 4lb. of To-

bacco or up-

wards, or lib.

of Sntff or up-

wards, or any

Tobacco Stalk'*

Ac. be found re-

moving from

One Part of the

Kingdom to

another Part,

except at the

Times herein

specified, to be

forfeited with

the Cs/k, &c.

If any Per (on

without a Per-

mit, or if any

Hawker with a

Permit, {hall

offer any To-

bacco, dec for

Sale, he /hall

forfeit if, with

the Packager,

and also atul.

G. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

either of the said Ports, or within two Miles thereof, provided that such Spanifbt Cut Tobacco, Tobacco

Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be so returned, accompanied with a Permit, according to the Directions of this

A&; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing.

CXXI. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed of

extend, to make it unlawful for any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff to fend for Sale, by Permit

granted according to the Directions of this Act, any Snuff manufactured by him, her, or them, from any

Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithstanding.

CXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or

Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, who shall have received into his, her, or their Stock any Tobacco

or Snuff-removed according to the Directions of this Act, accompanied with a legal Permit, shall fee Cause

to return the fame to the Person or Persons from whom he, she, or they received the fame, then and in every

such Cafe such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall be at liberty within forty-

eight Hours after he, she, or they shall have received the fame Tobacco or Snuff into his, her* or their

Stock, to give twelve Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, (he, or

they shall then be, of his, her, or their Intention to return fucri Tobacco or Snuff, and shall in such Notice

express the true Cause and Occasion for returning the fame; and such Officer shall, and is hereby required

to attend and examine such Tobacco or Snuff; and when and so soon as such Officer shall have examined

the fame, and taken an Account of the Quantity and Quality thereof, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers,

or Dealer or Dealers, shall forthwith, in the Prest nee of such Officer, repack such Tobacco or Snuff, and

shall immediately, or within Half an Hour asser the coming of the said Officer, and in the Presence of

the said Officer, write on the Outside of the Package in which the Tobacco or Snuff so intended to be

returned shall be, in large legible Characters, as well his, her, or their own Christian and Surname, or the

known Name of his, her, or their Firm, as also the Christian and Surname of the Person or Persons, or

the known Name of the Firm or Company from whose Stock the fame Tobacco or Snuff was received,

and likewise the Words, Returned Tobacco, or Snnffy as the Cafe may require 5 and such Officer shall

thereupon underwrite on the Package his own Christian and Surname, and mark the said Package with

feme Mark or Number; and then, and not before, the proper Officer of Excise shall grant a Permit to

accompany such Tobacco or Snuff so to be returned, in which Permit shall be expressed the Quantity and

Quality of the Tobacco or Snuff so to be returned, the Cause and Occasion of returning the fame, the

Mark or Number put oh the Package, the Christian and Surnames both of the Person or Persons from

whose Stock such Tobacco or Snuff is removed, and of the Person or Persons to whom the same is to be

returned, and also the Time for which such Permit shall be in force; and if any such Tobacco or Snuff be

found returned, or in Part returned or returning, without such Permit as aforesaid accompanying the feme,

or if such Tobacco or Snuff be found returned, or in Part returned or returning, to any other Person or

Persons than the Person or Persons from whom such Tobacco or Snuff had been first received, or if the

Tobacco or Snuff returned, or in Part returned or returning, with such Permit as aforesaid, be not the

identical Tobacco or Snuff which had been received as aforesaid without any Addition to Subtraction

from, or Alteration of the fame, then, and in each and every such Cafe, such Tobacco or Snuff, with the

Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, and Packages whatsoever containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and

the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and tbc

Person or Persons returning the fame, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Proviso, shall forfeit

the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco of four Pounds Weight, or upwards, or

any Snuff of two Pounds Weight, or upwards, or any Tobacco Stalks, Spanijby Tobacco Sulks for

Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be found removing or carrying from

any one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, unless at such Times as herein-after mentioned,

(that is to say) from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, between

the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening, and from the twenty-fifth Day of A'farch to the

twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Even-

ing (except the fame is removing or carrying by a known Common Stage Coach, Waggon, or other Suge

Carriage, which usually travel out of those Hours, or by Water, by a Ship, Veiicl, or Boat, usually navi-

gated, in the fair Course of Trade, out of those Hours), all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Sparnfa.

Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, and Snuff, respeEfcivcfy,

together with the Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, and Packages containing the fame (whether the fame

be accompanied with a Permit or not), and all Boats, Carts, Carriages, Horses,.and Cattle, made use of

in the removing or carrying the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of the Customs or Excise.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall offer any. Tobacco, Tobacco^

Stalks, Spani/hy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff,

to sale, not having a Permit for the fame, or if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty. Chapman, or any other trading

Person or Persons, going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and trading either on

Foot or with any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, or otherwise, shall offer any Tobacco, Tobacco

Stalk6, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,. Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff,

to sale, although such Hawker, Pedlar, or trading Person or Persons, shall have a Permit for the fame,

such Person or Persons, Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person or Persons shall forfeit

all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff' Work,

Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff,’together with the Packages containing, thp fame relpcQively, and a>0

$ the

