From Way to,

' , J7*7. the Tree-

..fory may order

j 5,0001, to le

iilued annually

for thr Purposes

t>f 17 Gco. t.

F. It.

JJ Q«o. 3. c. 58,

3589 JC. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A. 0.1787.

and upon Account for that Service, so as the fame, together with the Coinage Daties before mentioned, do

4 not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Money bn iflfued out of

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to the Master of the Mint in England^ and to the Matter of the

4 Mint in Scotland, respectively, for the Purposes provided by the Act of the eighteenth Year of his late Ma-

4 jetty King Charles the Second; which Duties have never, in any one Year, amounted to the Sum of fifteen

4 thousand Pouflds above mejitionedBe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after

the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue from Time to Time his

pr their Order or Warrant Co the proper Officer or Officers of the Exchequer, for Payment ofhny and such

Sum or Sums of Money as to him or them shall respectively appear proper and right, out of any of the Duties

of Customs imposed by. this Act, to be applied to the Uses and Purposes of the faui latt-recited Act, provided

the Sums do not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds.

LX V. And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

c intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this King*-

c domy and for establifinng a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dr effing of Hemp and flax, several

4 additional Rates and Duties were imposed on the following Goods; (that is to say), on all foreign Linen

4 commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce, Elbing, or j^ueetifbo rough Canvas; all foreign Linen commonly

4 called Dutch Barrasy and Hejfin Canvas; and all foreign Lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called

4 Holland whited Lawn; and the Monies arising by the several Rates and Duties therein granted (except the

4 necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering and paying the fame) were directed by the said recited

4 Act to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinftly and apart from all other Branches of

the publick Revenue; and a Sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum% was directed to be

4 kept apart in the said Receipt, as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dreifing Hemp and Flax in

4 this Kingdom, in such Way and Manner a6 the Parliament should thereafter direct 5 and the Remainder of

the said Duties was, by the said recited Act, directed to be reserved in the said Receipt for the future Dif*.

4 position of Parliament 5 which Duties have never, in any one Year, amounted to the Sum of fifteen thou*

4 land Pounds above mentioned, but* upon a Medium of nineteen Years, computed from the fifth Day of

4 January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, being the Year after they took place, the Sum of fix

4 thousand three hundred and thirty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings, is taken to be the Average Amount of the

4 annual Produce thereof: And vfoereas Provision was made for appropriating the said Fund by three fobfc-

\ quent Acts, made in the tenth, twenty-first, and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty: And whereasthft

4 Duties imposed by the first-recited Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, are by this present Act

4 done away, and other Duties are granted in lieu thereofBe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Sum of fix

thousand three hundred and foirty-nve Pounds fifteen Shillings, shall, at the End of each Year, be set apart

in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, out of the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, as a F und fot

the Encouragement of raising and dreifing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, to be applied to such Uses and

Purposes, and in such Way and Manner, as is directed and provided by the said Acts of the tenth,' twenty-

first, and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty.

LXVL 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

c George the Second, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of Kingys

~ ~ ' -■ ~ Court of Exchequer atWefti

Chester, and the Great

^ . and Paper, were grant-

4 eeft from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to be applied for the Augments^

4 tion of the Salaries of the several Judges in England^ foe Chief Baron and other Barons in foe Court of Ex±

€ chequer at Westminster, the Justices of Chester^ and the Justices of the Great Sessions for the Counties ia

4 Wales \ and to be paid to foe said Judges, Barons, and Justices, in every Year, at such Time or Times;

f and in such Manner, as foe Salaries to the said Judges then were, or had accustomarily been paid; and

4 two other Acts of the second and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, several additional Stamp

'* Duties were granted, and, with foe aforementioned Duties tstablished by foe said Act of the thirty-(boon*

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were made one joint Fund for Payment of

the said Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, Barons, and Justices; and by an Act of the twelfth

4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the

Justices of C heftier, and the Great Sejjionsfor the Counties in Wales, the said Joint Fund was charged, froiA

From M«y 1 o*

J7«7» MSS1*

J 5 a. to be an-

nually set eyeit

me the Eichf-

Jltirr for Encou-

rage ment of

raising Hemp

and Flax. Ac.

1* Geo. s*r. 35.

and other AOs

relative to tho

Augmentation

of the Salaries

fit the Judges,

#$ rented.

4 tion and Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common

Pleas 2$ Westminster^ and to the Chief Baron and other Barons of foe Coif of Exchequer at Westminfles\

4 also charged upon foe said Joint Fund, and upon the Surplus of the Monies arising in the Receipt of the Er-

4 chequer, of foe Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound out of all foe Monies paid upon aH Salaries, Penfians,

4 Annuities, and other Payments from foe Crown, establifecd by an Act of Parliament made in foe twelfth

4 Year of the Reign of King foeFirft, after satisfyingall the Annuities and other Pay meats charged oh

4 foe fame: And whereas the said several Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted

4 aforesaid, are by this present Act consolidatecL and in consequence thereof will, firom ana after the tenth

1 Day of May one thoufiux} seven hundred and eighty-seven, be Mcorporpted wub> end become a Pm 6i

