2$2 C. 13. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

'Putin iirScot-

•landf to be paid

as heretofore.

All taint trifing

<fr»in the repeal-

ed Duiiti,which

iball remain in

^he Exchequer

on July 5, 1787,

and all Some

granted to make

food Deficient

aier, which shall

fQuarterly Ac*

c<mnta to be

Icept by the dif-

lerent Boards

of the federal

Branches of

the publick

fterenue, and

the Treafory to

lay before Par*

liament an>

eiually an Ac*

covntof the to-

tal Produce of

4be CustomSfAc.

Any Part of tbit

AA may be al-

tered in the pro*

fut Seiko*.

foedive Annuities, Bounties, and other Charges and Expences, which, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of

Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

seven, have usually been or ought to be satisfied and paid by the Commissioners of the Excise, the Receivers

General of the Customs, or Salt Duties, out of the Monies arisen by the said Duties and Revenues, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotlandj but that the fame shall and may, and are hereby directed and required

-to be satisfied, paid, and tiifcharged, out of all or any of the said Monies arisen, or which shall hereafter arise,

by the said Duties and Revenues, and come into the Hands of the said Receivers, in the fame and like Man*

ner, and at the respective Times at which the fame have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied j

any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sums of Money as shall have

arisen by the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, and shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the

fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven; and all such Sums as shall be granted to re*

place Deficiencies made jgood out of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundf and which mall not have

been carried to the said Sinking Fund on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-seven, shall be added to, and applied with, and in Aid of the Rates, Duties, and Revenues granted

and established by this Act, and shall make Part of the Consolidated Fund created by virtue of this Act.

not hem been carried to the Sinking Fond on Maj 10,1787, to be a Part of the Consolidated Fond.

LXXII. 4 And whereas it may happen hereafter, that the Exigencies of the publick Service may require

4 extraordinary Expences, beyond the annual Produce of the publick Revenue; and it will be highly import*

4 ant for the Maintenance of publick Credit, and for the Strength and Safety of these Kingdoms, that effec-

* tual Meafurts should be taken for increasing the said Revenue in proportion to the additional annual Charge

4 occasioned by such Expencesbe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That distinct Accounts shall be

kept by the several Boards appointed for collecting and managing the different Branches of the publick Re-

venue, of the total Amount, in every Quarter of a Year, of the several Duties under their Management, dif-

tinguishing (as for as possible) the several Articles on which the feme arise; and that the Commissioners of

the Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days

after the Commencement of every Session, an Account of the total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Ex-

cife, Stamps, and Incidents respectively, distinguishing (as for as possible) in each Branch the Produce on

every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to one thousand Pounds or more, in the four

Quarters next preceding the Date of such Account; and also an Account of all Additions which shall have

been made to the annual Charge of the publick Debt, by die Interest or Annuities for or on account of any

Loan which shall have been made after the passing of this Act, and within the Space of ten Years next pre-

ceding the Date of such Account; together with an Account of the Produce within the Year next preceding

of any Dudes which shall have been imposed, or of any Addition which shall have been made to the Revenue*

for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by every such Loan respectively.

LXXI1L Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed,

by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. p

SC HE-

