A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii III. C. 107.

4i T A\ S. do sincerely promise and (wear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

fC A King George ; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve as a Serjeant, or

u Corporal [as the Cafe shall be]% in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the

* fame, until I /hall be legally discharged.”

And the Colonel of every Regiment or Battalion, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer

of every Battalion confining of four or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major out of the Serjeants,

and a Drum Major out of the Drummers; and that all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having re-

ceived any Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, /hall be deemed to be en-

gaged, and compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, until they shall be

legally difehareed : Provided always, That no Person who /hall keep any House of publick Entertainment,

or who shall /ell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail,/hall be capable of

being appointed or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the Militia: Provided always, That

if it shall happen that in any Regiirumtor Battalion there shall be a Surplus of fifteen Men or upwards,

after the Apportionment of one Serjeant and one Corporal to every thirty Men, such Regiment or Batta-

lion shall be intitled to have one additional Corporal, when not in actual Service, for such Surplus Number

of Men.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, may be discharged by the

Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) by the Commanding Officer (with the Con/ent of the Captain of the

Company); and that the Captain (with the Approbation of the Commanding Officer), may appoint any

proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who/bail die, desert, or be di/-

chaxged, all which Serjeants and Corporals, so appointed, /hall take the like Oath as is hereinbefore required

to be taken by Serjeants ancf Corporals.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty’s Lieutenant for any County, or the Com-

manding Officer of 3ny Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company, /hall be desirous of keeping up a

greater Number of Drummers than one per Company, to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Use of

the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, and /hall be willing to defray the Expence of such

additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion,

or Independent Company, to retain in their respective Corps any Number of the Drummers who now are

employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number of one Drummer per Company efta-

bli/hed by this Act, or at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as

Fifers or Musicians in their respective Corps ; and all such Drummers so retained, or in future engaged to

serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed as Drummers of Militia within the Meaning

of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subjedi to the fame Orders, Regulations,

Penalties and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this Act subjedi, and /hall continue to serve

as Drummers so long as they /hall receive the same Pay and Cloathing as other Drummers have, or better

. Cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Per/on being a Serjeant bn the Establishment of Chslfea

Ncfpitaiy at the Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in the Militia, shall and may

receive the said Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and any

Person who /hall have faithfully served as a Serjeant in the Militia for fifteen Years, or as a Corporal or

Drummer for twenty Years, and who shall be ddcharged on account of Age or Infirmity, /hall, on the

Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to

which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, and two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or

Place, to which the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, or on the Death or Re-

moval, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, by the Commanding Officer, and three or more Deputy

Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, be intitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be ca-

pable to be placed on the Pensionot five Pence per Die:n, if the said Board /hould judge him deserving there-

of : Provided that no Person who /hall be appointed a Serjeantin the Militia after the passing of this A&, /hall

be intitled to such Recompence, until he /hall have served in the Militia, or in the Army and Militia, for

twenty Years.

LX VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Militia to be appointed as aforesaid shall be trained and ex-

ercifed by Regiment, Battalion,* or Independent Company, once in every Year for twenty-eight Days toge-

ther, in the Manner herein after directed, at such Time and Place as shall be lead inconvenient to the Pub-

lick, such Time and Place to be appointed by a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy, to be* holden as herein

betore directed, within every County, Riding, and Place, or in Default of any such Meeting being holden

' then by the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, authorised by his

Majesty to ait when the Lieutenant shall be out of Great Britain as a/oreiaid ; and during such Time as the

Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters,

and Things contained in any Ail of Parliament, which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and

Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with rcfiieil to the

Militia, and all the Officers, Non-commi/Iloned Officers, and, Private Men of the fame, in.all Cafes what-

soever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Lois of Life or Limb.

LXIX. And be it further enaited. That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the Militia Men of

each Pari/h, Tything, and Place, shall be sent, by the Cierlc of the General Meetings, to the Chief Con-

stables or other Officers of the Zeveral Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, with Di-

rections to forward the fame to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers within their

relpcctive Hundreds* Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, which Constables, Tythingmen,

Headboroughs,.

231

Form of the

Oath ro be taken

by Scrjeanti, See,

Serjeant Major*

and Drum Ma-

jor* 10 be ap-

pointed.

No P*iblican,4re.

capable of Term-

ing as a Ser^

jrant. Sec.

A Surplus of 15

Men, above the

Proportion of 30

to 1 Corpora), to

intitie the Batta-

li >n to an addi-

tional Corpora).

Commanding

Officer* roaydif-

charge Serjeants,

Sec, and the Cap-

tains may ap-

point Succe/Tora*

Extra Drummers

may be kept a*

Musicians, hot

not at the Ex-

pence of the

Publick.

Serjeant* of

Che) Tea Hospital

may receive theix

Allowance there*

from, together

with their Pay*

What Service

•intitie* Ser-

jeants, Sec. to

a Recommends*

tion to 'heChel*

lea Pension.

Militia to be ex*

erci fed for 28

succeslive Days

annually, and

amenable to the

Mu iny Laws.

Notice of the

Time and Place

of Exercise to be

affixed on t he.

Church Doors*

