3$6 C, 38. Anno vicesimo septimo G'eorgii III. A.D. 1787;

Preamble.

From June 1,

*7*7. the Pro-

prietor of »ny

original Pattern

for printing Li-

nens to have the

foie Right of

printing it for

two Months

from first Publi-

cation*

and whoever

shall within that

Period print the

fame, to be

liable to an

AOion for Da*

isagesj

hut any Per-

son purchasing

Plates from the

Proprietors may

print therefrom.

Modenf prose-

cuting Of-

fences against

this Act.

A & to continue

in force for one

Year, snd to the

End of the then

next Session.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons,

Callicoes, and Muslins, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers,

and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

4 \T J HEREAS it may be expedient, for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing original Patterns

4 W for printing Linens, Callicoes, Cottons, and Muffins, to vcft the Property thereof in the Design-

4 ers, Printers, or Proprietors, for a limited Time; for which Purpose may it please your Majesty, that it

4 may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with* the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand (even hundred and

eighty-seven, every Person who shall invent, design, and print, or cause to be invented, designed, and

printed, and become the Proprietor of any new and original Pattern or Patterns fur printing Linens, Cot-

tons, Callicoes, or Mullins, shall have the foie Right and Liberty of printing and reprinting the fame for

the Term of two Months, to commence from the Day of the first publishing thereof, which shall be truly

printed with the Name of the Printer or Proprietors at each End of every such Piece of Linen, Cotton, Cal-

licoe, or Mullin; and that if any Callicoe Printer, Linen Draper, or other Person whatsoever, from and

after the first Day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, within the Time limited by this

Ad, shall print, work, or copy, such original Pattern or Patterns, or cause to be printed, worked, or

copied, such original Pattern or Patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or reprinted, any

such Pattern or Patterns, and shall publish, fell, or expose to Sale, or in any other Manner dispoje

of, or cause to be published, fold, or exposed to Sale, or in any other Manner disposed of, any Li-

nen, Cotton, Callicoe, or Mullin, so printed ^without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors there-

of, first had and obtained in Writing, signed by him or them respectively, in the Presence of two or more

credible Witnesses, knowing the fame to be so printed or reprinted without the Consent of the Proprietor or

Proprietors of such Pattern, then every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, if the Offence be com-

mitted in England\ by and in a special Action upon the Cafe, to be brought against the Person. or Per-

fons so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a

Writ of Inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with Costs of Suit, in which no Wager of Law,

Essoin, Privilege, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if the Offence be

committed in Scotland\ every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, by an Action to be brought be-

fore the Court of Session, or any Judge competent to try Civil causes within his Bounds, recover such Da-

mages as the said Court of Session, or the said Judge, shall give or assess, and for Payment whereof

Decree shall be issued, with full Costs of Suit, on which all such Execution shall pass as is competent by

the Laws and Practice of Scotland in the like Cafes: Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be law-

ful for any Person or Persons who shall hereafter purchase any Plate or Plates, Block or Blocks, for print-

ing, from the original Proprietors thereof, to print, reprint, and expose for Sale, or cause to be printed,

reprinted, and exposed for Sale, from the said Plates or Blocks, without being liable to any Addon on that

Account.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

or brought against any Person or persons whatsoever, for any Offence committed against this Act, the same

shall be brought within the Space of six Months after so doing, and the Defendant and Defendants, in such

Action or Suit, if brought in England, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in

Evidence; and if, upon such Action or Suit, a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or

if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, then the

Defendant or Defendants shall have and receive full Costs; for the Recovery whereof he shall have the feme

Remedy as any other Defendant or Defendants in any other Cafe hath or have by Law; and if such Action

be brought in Scotland, and not insisted in, or if the Defender be aflbilzied, then the Defender shall be en-

titled to full Costs, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the feme Remedy as herein-before is given to

the Pursuer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force (or one

Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons who

have differed in their Rights, Properties, and Profefllons, during the late unhappy Diflenfions in America,

in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government. [Continued

for one Year from July 15, 1787.]

CAP. XL.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Officers and Employments ;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Quali-

fications

