A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III, C. 13. 261

or any wife alter the Prisage of Wines, the Duty called Butlerage, or the Duty of Twelvepence upon every

Chaldron of Sea-coal exported from Newca/Ue upon Tyne, to any other Port or Ports of this Realm,

or to any special Privilege or Exemption, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate,

is or are now entitled by Law, but the fame shall be continued as heretofore.

II. And whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs should be granted to your Majesty as

4 aforesaid, we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Pailia-

4 ment assembled, have therefore given and granted to your Majesty the several Duties herein-after mentioned:

4 And do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand leven hundred and eighty-1even,in lieu and in stead

thereof, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready

Money (except as herein-after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Parts beyond the Seas; or

upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the Kingdom of Great Britain, or upon

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the Kingdom

of Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs, as the fame are respectively inferred, described, and set forth

in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked ( A. B. C. D. E.); and that there shall be

paid and allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the lame arc also respectively

inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables marked (A. B. C. D. ii); any

Law, Custom, or Ufege, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always. That nothing contained in this Act, or in any of the Schedules and Tables here-

unto annexed marked (A. B. O. D. £.), shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give, grant, or allow,

to the Exporter from Great Britain to foreign Parts, of any foreign Goods, Wares, or Merchandize

whatever, any Drawback of the Duties of Customs, paid upon the Importation thereof into Great Britain,

or to authorise the Repayment or Allowance of the fame, unless such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall be duly and in the Manner heretofore practised, entered for Exportation, with the proper Officer of the

Customs, and actually shipped on board the"Ship or Vessel in which the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

are intended to be exported, within the Space of three Years from the Time such Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, were originally imported into Great Britain (the Time of such Importation to be accounted from

the Matter’s Report inwards of his Ship), and unless iufficient Proof be also first made by Certificate from

the proper Officers of the due Entry and Payment of the Duties inwards upon such foreign Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Merchants importing and exporting the fame, veri-

fying and affirming the Truth thereof, and the Name of his Majesty’s Searcher or Under Searcher in the

rort of London, or of the Searcher of any other the Out-Ports, testifying the shipping thereof to be exported,

and unless such Drawback be duly claimed within two Years after such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall be shipped for Exportation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act

imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the

Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being \ and such thereof as shall arile in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in

Scotland far the Time being.

Scotland

From May to,

1787, tbc Du-

ties contained

in the Schedules

hereto anoexed

to be levied, and

the Drawbacks

therein to he

allowed, in lieu

of those which

are then to ccafe.

Drawbacks not

to be allowed

exceptthe Goods

be properly en-

tered for Ex-

portation, and

actually Arpped

within three

Years from

their Importa-

tion, dec.

nor unless they

are claimed in

two Years after

to shipped.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Commissionera

of Customs in

England and

respeditely.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of Money Co respec- New Duties and

tively inserted, described, and set forth, in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A. B. Drawbacks to be

C. D. E.), zs the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, upon, for, or in re- ,*£e *M°a*J

spect of d>e several Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, inserted therein, shall and may be respectively managed, ner as ,hc old

ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed (except where any Alteration Duties,

is exprefely made by this Act), in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, W ays,

or Methods, by which the former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, upon Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any or either of the special Means, Ways, or Methods, re-

speftively, by which the former Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, upon Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained,

raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed , and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize

(o by this. Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with. Duties of Customs, or so

entitled to Drawback Duties of Customs, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the Lid

Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A. n. C. I). E.), upon the Importation thereof

into, or Exportation thereof from. Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, shall be, and

the feme are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules,

Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and

every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the

like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-seven, respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is exprelsly made by this

Act; and all ami every Pain. Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, as well Pains and the Peaih-

of Death as others, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Par- tic* for 0^*c£*

tiament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

leven, made for (tearing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several 1Q, 17s7 t0r1

Mm2 - Clauses,

C,

