504 C. 50—52. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

c a p. L.

An Act to amend, and continue, fur a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regu*

lating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

4 WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

4 VV King George the Third, intituled. An Act for further regulating the Trade and Bufnufs of

Preamble.

27 Geo. 3*c. 37.

Recited Act

continued for

one Year.

A Clause in said

Act recited j

and repealed.

Publick Act.

Preamble.

10 Geo. 3.C. 16.

11 GeO. 3. (.41.

and 25 Geo. 3.

c. 84, recited.

4 Pawnbrokers; which was to continue in force for one Year qnly, from the first Day of June one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be con-

4 tinued for a further Time, subject to a certain Amendment herein-after fjx?cified :f May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act passed in the twenty-fevemh

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of

Pawnbrokers, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued and declared to be, in force for one Year, from

the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the next

Sections of Parliament, subject to the Amendment herein-after mentioned.

II. 4 And whereas it is enacted, in and by the said Act, That in case any Difference or Difput$

4 should arise between any Person or Persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any Goods

4 or Chattels, and the Pawnbroker, with whom the lame should have been pledged, or alledged to have

4 been pledged, respecting the Re- delivery thereof, or the Money to be paid to such Pawnbroker, every

4 such Difference or Dispute, in case the original Sum lent was under forty Shillings, should be settled and

4 determined by any Justice of the Peace acting for the respective County, Riding, Divifiun, City, Town,

4 Liberty, or Place, who was thereby authorised and required, upon Application being made to him foe

4 that Purpose, by Examination on Oath or Affirmation, as the Cafe might require, of the Parties them-

4 selves, and such other credible Person or Persons as should appear before him, touching the Premises, to

4 hear and determine the fame ; which Determination should be final and binding unto and upon all Per*

4 fons: And whereas it would be beneficial to the Publick, if the said Clause was repealed f be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause above recited, and every Matter and

Thing therein contained, shall be, and the fame hereby is declared to be repealed to all Intents and

Purnofes.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of

as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other. Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially

pleaded.

CAP. I.

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the eleventh and

fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation f tht

Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as

relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London^

near Staines > in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade.

CAP. LII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns

of Members to serve in Parliament.

c \X7 HEREAS, by an Act of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reigrt of his present Ma-

4 VV jesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members ts

4 serve in Parliament, certain Regulations were established, for a Time therein limited, for the Trials of

4 controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed

4 in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act

4 made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,

44 or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,” further Regulations were made therein: And whereas

4 the Provisions of the said Acts were, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty, continued and made perpetual: And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of

4 the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and fsr

4 making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within Eng-

4 land and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for removing Difficulties which. may arise fsr

4 want cf Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, the Provisions of the said Acts were

4 extended, in the Manner therein mentioned, to Petitions complaining that no Return has been made to a

4 Writ, issued for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, within the Times limited

4 in the said Act, or that such Return is not a Return of a Member or Members according to the Re-

4 quisition of the Writ: And whereas it is expedient that further Regulations should be made for the Ex-

4 ecution

