.A.p.1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georg 11 III. C. 19.

4 this Act, until the End of four Calendar t Months from the Commencement of the first: Se/TIon of the Par-

4 liament of Ireland which shall hereafter lit during the Space ot four Calendar Months, without Prorogation

4 or Diilolution, and from the End of that Time, every Ship or Vessel which shall, by virtue of the Au-

4 thority of any A tft that may be passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, be qualified and registered in any

4 of the Ports of the said Kingdom of Ireland, under limilar Regulations and Rest rift ic ns to those therein

4 contained, shall continue to enjoy, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, all the Privileges and Advan-

4 tages of a British-built Ship or a foreign-built Ship, owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, as the Cafe may

4 be, according to the Provisions of this Act: And whereas by an Aift of the Parliament of Ireland, paised

4 in this present Session of the said Parliament, intituled, An Act for the further bicreaf: and Encourage-

4 mint of Shipping and Navigation, Regulations and Restrictions for qualifying and regtftcring Ships and

4 Vessels in the Ports of the said Kingdom of Ireland are enacted and provided, similar to those contained in

4 the said before-mentioned Act of the Parliament of Great Britain ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Ship or Veiled

which shall be duly registered in any Port in the Kingdom of Ireland, according to the Regulations and Re-

itridtions of the before-mentioned Act, passed in the Parliament of that Kingdom, and shall obtain a Certi-

ficate thereof, shall enjoy, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, all the Privil.gds and Advantages of a

Bcitish-built Ship or foreign-built Ship owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, as the Cafe may be.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That every Ship or VclTei belonging to his Ma-

jesty’s Subjects residing in the Kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and registered according to the Laws

jn force at and immediattdy before the Commencement of the said Act, so passed in the Parliament of that

Kingdom, shall continue in like Manner to enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages of a British-built Ship,

or foreign-built Ship owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, as the Cafe may be, during the Tirrte or Times

which are or may be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in the said Kingdom, pur-

suant to the Powers thereby given to the said Commissioners to appoint the Times when the Registration re-

quired by the said Act is to be made; but that at the End or Expiration of the said Time or Times, so to be

appointed by the said Commissioners, no Ship or Vessel, belonging to the Kingdom of Ireland, which ought

to be registered in the Ports thereof, shall have or fcnjcy such Privileges or Advantages, unless such Ship or

Veil'd shall have been registered, and shall have obtained a Certificate thereof in pursuance of the before-

jnentioned Act, passed in the said Parliament of Ireland.

Time they mu ft be registered agreeable

34-9

Vessel s registered

in Ireland ac-

cording to an

Act of the Par-

liament of that

Kingdom of the

present SeiTion,

to enjoy all the

Privileges of

Vessels owned

by his Majesty*«

Subjcftf#

Vefleb registered

there according

to Law, previ-

ous to the said

Act, to continue

to enjoy the like

Privileges dur-

ing the Times

appointed by the

Commissioners

of Revenue in

Ireland ;

but at the Ex-

piration of such

to the said Act.

III. Provide!! always. That in case it shall happen that any such Ship or Vessel, from any unavoidable

Necessity or reasonable Caule, shall not have returned to the Port of Ireland to which (lie belongs, within the prevented from

Time so appointed by the said Commissioners, but shall first touch at Tome Port of Great Britain, the Islands returning to the

of Guernsey or Jersey, or the Isle of Man, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Port to which

Custocns in England, or any four or more of them, and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in belongs in

Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being respectively, to permit such Ship or Vessel, upon at

Proof being made to their Satisfaction of such unavoidable Necessity or reasonable Cause, to enjoy the Privi- a p>OTl jn Great

leges of a British-built Ship or Vessel (or that Time only, and to clear out arid return to the Port in Ireland Bnuin, &c.

io which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, and no other, for the Purpose of being there registered. the Commiifioo-

ers of the Cuf-

toms may permit her to clear out, and return to her proper Port in Ireland,

IV^4 And whereas by the before-mentioned Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, it

c is enabled, That no Registry of any Ship or Vessel shall thenceforth be made, until the Owner or Owners

14 of such Ship or Vessel shall have taken an Oath therein set forth in Manner therein directed, containing,

4 among others, the Words following ; 44 That 1 the said A. B. (and the said other Owners, if, any) am

44 {or are) truly and honafide a Subject (or Subjects) of Great Britain ; and that I the said A. B. have not

44 (nor have any of the other Owners, to the belt of my Knowledge or Belief) taken an Oath of Allegiance

44 to any foreign State whatever, except under the Terms of some Capitulation [defer Hung the Particulars

44 thereof ]:” Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Oath which shall have been, or may be

rtaken, for the sole Purpose of acquiring the Rights of a Citizen or Burgher in any foreign City or Town in

Europe, to be enjoyed during the Time that the Person or Persons taking such Oath shall reside in such City

or Town, and (or a limited Time after such Residence shall have expired, shall not be deemed an Oath of

Allegiance to a foreign State, within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

Recital of Part

of the Oath re*

qu rfd to be

t,km by the

Act in Geo. 3*

c. 60,

No Oath taken

to acquire a tem-

porary Right as

a Citizen, during

Rrfi.ltnce io a

fote gn S ate, to

be deemed an Oath of Al’fgiance to such State.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said last-mentioned Act contained

shall prevent the Persons thereby authorised trem making Regiftiy of Ships and Vessels, and granting Certi-

ficates thereof to Ships and Vessels wholly owned by the United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the Eeijl Indies, or any other Body Corporate within this Kingdom, all other Requifltes of the said Act

bring complied with, upon the following Oath being taken and (ublcribed by the Secretary of the said United

Company* or other Body Corporate, or by any other Officer authoriftd by such Company or Body Cor-

porate (instead of the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act), before the Person or Persons duly autho-

rifed to make such Registry and grant such Certificates respectively ; which Oath they are hereby relpeciively

impowered to administer: ,

Igfi-ead of the

Oath required

by the recited

Act, the follow-

ing Oa:h may be

taken by the

Person propeily

authorised by the

l’-U India Com-

pany, &o.

Z Z 2

441 A. B.

x ,

v

