310

Meetings of

Commissioners*

Defendants may

plead this Alt,

and to be intitled

to Double Casts.

Sheriffi, See, to

assist in the Exe-

cution o!' this

a a.

Politick Ad.

C. 102—105. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III, A.D. 1786.

XVIII. And, for carrying this A ft into Execution,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there

shall be a General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees, held at Edinburgh on the firli Tuesday of

August^ in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eiehty-iix, and in every subseejuent Year on the Tuesday

of the Week in which the General Convention of the Royal Boroughs in Scotland is held; which Meetings

shall have Power to adjourn from Time to Time: Provided always. That all Alterations in the Rates of the

Duties to he paid as aforesaid shall be made at one of the said General Meetings, and the Accounts audited and

passed at the said General Meetings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Suit or Action shall be

commenced against the said Commissioners or Trusttes, or any other Person or Ferlbns, for any Thing done

in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce tfus Ad, and

plead that the said Things were done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear

so to be done, that then the Defendants (nail be absolved from every fuen Suit, A Sion or Actions, and shall

have Double Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the Pro&cutor or

Prosecutors of the feme.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges,

and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law

whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and aififting in putting this Act into due and

effectual Execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed^ taken, Xnd al-

lowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices of such Courts are here-

by required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’S

Reign^r impowei'in^ the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts pasted forpaving, clearj-

ingy and lighting the Squares.) Streets, and Lanes, within the Gty and Liberty of vVeftminster, and Pans

adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the everal Roads therein mentioned^ and apply the famefor

the Purposes of the said Ads

cap. cm.

An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for victualling his Majesty’s

Navy, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Manor of

East Smithfield\ in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Removal of the

said Office into any other Division or Place.

44 Officers of Victualling Office to continue to be assessed to the Land Tax in East Smithfield^ on the Re-

44 moval of the Office; but one Fourth of the Assessment for Appointments created lince February

44 1692, and the Whole for those from December 25, 1785, to be paid to the Division to which the Office

44 may be removed.”

CAP. CIV.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores,

and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within thclfie of Anglesey.

44 Drawbacks to be allowed of all Duties paid for Coals used for smelting Copper and Lead Ores, Isle, in

44 Anglesey; but not to exceed 1,500l. in one Year.”

CAP. CV.

An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the

Pay Office and Navy Office respectively, rateable to the Land Tax, in the Wards of Broad Street and

Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other

Division or Place.

44 Officers of the Navy Pay Office, and Navy Office, to continue to be assessed to the Land Tax in the

44 Wards of Broad Street and Tower, though the Offices be removed. One Fourth of the Assessment for

44 Appointments created since February 15,1692, and the Whole for those created since December 25, 1785,

44 to be paid to the District to which the Offices may be removed.”

CAP.

