K. t>. 1786* Anno vicesimo sexto Gboroii III. C. 64.

fleet of ILxcise at the Port or Place of Entry inwards, upon the landing of any such Spirits, which said Duty

or Duties payable upon Importation shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of

Excise in England for thfe Time being, and be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, to and

for the same Uses and Purposes as the Rates and Duties payable in England upon Wort, Wash, and other

Liquor, used in the Distillation of Spirits there for Home Consumption, are directed to be appropriated,

paid, and applied ; and that such Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, after being so landed and

warehoused, shall be considered as made or rectified in that Part of the United Kingdom where the said

Spirits have been so landed and warehoused, and shall be intitled to the fame Allowances as the Stocks of

Distillers or Rectifiers in that Part of the United Kingdom are intitled to.

XXXIYr. And be it further enacted. That if any Spirits manufactured in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, of a Strength exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, shall be shipped on

board any Vessel, in order to their being lent or conveyed from that Part of the United Kingdom to any

other Part of the* United Kingdom, and such Excess shall amount to more than three Pounds per Centum

above the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, such Spirits, with the Casks and Packages

containing the fame, shall be leized, loft, and forfeited.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been made in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and bona file put on board any Ship or Vessel on or before the

fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, and shall be accompanied by a proper Permit,

shall and may be landed in any other Part of the United Kingdom without being subject to the Payment of

any equalizing Duty, in the like Manner as the fame could or might have been landed in case this Act had

not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in

Scotland shall, within the Space of one Month after the Time of granting any Permit for the Removal of

any British Brandy, redtified British Spirits or Compounds, from any Port or Place in Scotland, to any

Port or Place in England, transmit the Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the fame to be transmitted, to

rhe Commissioners of Excise in England, in order that they may, and they are hereby directed and required

to cause some proper Officer or Officers to examine and cheque therewith the Permit by which such British

Brandy, and redtified British Spirits and Compounds, reflectively, shall have been removed as aforesaid;

and in order that a further Cheque may be had upon the Removal of such Spirits, a Duplicate of such

Clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port in

England where such Spirits are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and required to compare

the lame with the Spirits on their Arrival.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That every Maker of Stills in Scotland shall, from and after the

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, take out an annual Licence from the Officer

so to be authorised as aforesaid to grant the fame, and renew such Licence from Year to Year, and shall pay

a Fee of five Shillings for each of such Licences, and no more; and every such Maker or Makers (nail

stamp his or their Name or Names, and the progressive Number, and the Content or Capacity of every Still

made by him, her, or them, upon the Shoulder thereof; and in order that the Contents of the said Still or

Stills may be distinctly ascertained, the said Maker or Makers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby

required, within three Days after finishing any Still, to give Notice to the Excise Officer of the Distridt

where such Still hath been so made, that the fame is ready to be gauged and damped ; and such Officer is

‘hereby required, within three Days after such Notification, to gauge such Still, and to grant a Certificate,

specifying the Number, Content, and Maker's Name or Names of such Still; and in case any such Maker

or Makers shall fail to give such Notice to the said Officer as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of every such Still so made by

him, her, or them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall import or bring any Still or

Stills into Scotland from that Part of Great Britain called England, or from foreign Parts, such Peribn or

Persons shall, within three Days after the Arrival of such Still or Stills, give Notice of the Number, Size,

and Content of the fame, and of the Place where the fame is deposited, to the Officer of the Divilion,

Distridt, Place, or Bounds; and such Officer shall, within twenty-two Hours after the Receipt of such

Notice, gauge and stamp, or cause to be gauged and damped, the said Still or Stills, in the same Manner

as is herein before directed in the Cafe of a Still or Stills being made in Scotland; and if the Per ion or Per-

fons who shall so import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland, shall neglect or omit to give such Notice

thereof as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling for every Srili so

imported or brought^ and in case any such Still or Stills shall be erected without being previously gauged and

marked by the proper Officer of Excise, every fuen Still or Stills shall be forfeited and lost, and the Owner

and Owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, over and besides all other

Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for the unlawful using the fame.

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to repeal, alter, or change any Act or Acts now in force for the surveying and keeping a regular Account

of the Stocks of Redtifiers and Compounders of Spirits, and Dealers, but that the said Rectifiers, Com-

pounders, and Dealers, shall remain subjedted to the Suiveysof the Officers of Excilc, and to all other

Regulations made and provided by any Law now in force, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been

made'; laving and excepting, that Rectifiers and Compounders, as well as Makers or Distillers, in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland^ may fend Spirits to any Part or Place in that Part of the United Kingdom

of whatever Strength he, (he, or they may think proper.

* ‘ XL. And

133

The Duties

to be paid at the

Port of Entry,

and tobc applied

a* the Duties ia

England on

Wort, &c.

Spirit! of

Strength of more

than 3 in the ico

above 1 to 10

over Hydrometer

Proof, to be for-

feited, Sec,

Spirits shipped

prior to July 5,

1786, not liable

to Duty on land-

ing in England.

Duplicates of

Permits granted

in Scotland for

Removal of

Spirits to Eng-

land, to be trans.

mitred to the

Excise, Stc.

Still Maker to

takeout an an-

nual Licence,

/lamp hit Stills,

and give Notice

to the Officer

that they may

be gauged.

Penalty on not

giving Notice.

Persons import-

irg Stills into

Scotland with-

out giving No-

tice to he Of-

ficer, forfeit 50!.

Stills not to be

er.cled till

ging^cJ, on For-

feiture of ti e

Still?, See,

Krftifiers, Sec.

fuhje.fl as here-

tofore to Sur-

vey?, &c.

