Personi diflitif-

fird may have

Coali it mca-

sured.

Driver to con-

tinue with the

Coals and Cart

till rc-mealurcd,

under Penahy of

5 1. on the

Owner, and *o«.

on the Driver.

Purchaser to

fend Notice in

Writing to Ven-

dor and Meter.

194 C. 83, 84. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786,

every such Offender {hall and may be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,

the Common Gaol of and for the

ime not exceeding three Calendar

or Forfeiture be sooner Paid and

satisfied.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be

dissatisfied with, or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Aieafure of any Coals sold to him or her

by Wharf Meaturc within the Limits aforesaid, and shall, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter’s

Ticket accompanying such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have the lame re-measured, then, and in every

such Cafe, the Carman, or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought,

shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said

Cart or Carriage, until they arc rcmcallircd, under the Penalty of live Pounds on the Owner or Proprietor,

and twenty Shillings on the Driver of the said Cart or Carriage; and the said Purchaser shall immediately

fend, or c2ufe to be sent, to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Warthouse, or Place,

Notice in Writing that the said Coals aie going to be re-mcafurul, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land

Coal-meter’s Office; and thereupon a principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meters (not being the

Meter under whose Inspedion the said Coals were originally measured), shall, within the Space ot two

Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Land Coal-meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to re-

measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fame, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the

Vendor and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend, and de-

fire to fee the fame re-measured, and also in the Pretence of one of the principal or Labouring Land Coal-

meters of or for the City and Liberty of IVtjlminster, or of or for that Part of the County of Surrey lying

between Putney and Rctherbithe, if such Purchaser shall think proper to require the Attendance of fuchlaft-

mentioned Coal-meter; who shall, and is hereby directed and required to attend accordingly within the

Spr.ce of two Hours after Notice in Writing left at such lait mentioned Coal-meter's Office; and in case

such last-mentioned Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall neglect or refuse to attend pursuant to such Notice, he

or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds: For which Re-measurement

the Purchaser shall pay the principal Coal-meters or Coal-meter, appointed or to be appointed by or in

Eurfuance of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also such other

.and Coal-meter from the City and Liberty of JVt'jlmwjhr, or from that Part of the County of Surrey

aforesaid, as shall attend such Re-mealurement, the Sum of six Pence each, for every Chaldron of Coals

so re-measured; and in case the Coals thus re-meafe.red shall not amount to the Quantity for which they

were fold, then the Vendor of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient,

the Sum of five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in

Measure, to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be so re-measured; and

the Labouring Meter, under whose Inflection the Coals were first measured, shall, for every liuthel so

deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; which Sum, if not paid within five Days next after

Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the Persons or Person executing the Office of principal

Land Coal-meter for the Time being: And the Coal Porters, who ih.ill incafure the fame for the

Vendor thereof, shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and

six Pence.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and

Forfeitures imposed and to be incurred by virtue of and under this Act, shall be recovered and applied in such

and the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted and directed to be levied by the said recited

Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are thereby ordered, directed, and appointed

to be levied, recovered, and applied respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That th sAft shall be deemed, judged, and

taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Purchaser* to

pay 6d. per

Chaldron for re-

measuring.

And if, on Re-

measurement.

Coals prove de-

ficient, the

Vendor to pay

5I. for every

Bushel, and for-

feit the CoaW,

Sec.

TheCoal Porter*

ho measured, to

forfeit is. 6d.

a Bushel.

Penalties and

Forfeitures to be

recovered and

applied, as di-

rected by 7 Geo.

3. c.23.

Publick A ft.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to impower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the

Time being, to coniecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens

of Countries out of his Majesty’s Dominions.

' Preamble. « 117 HEREAS, by the Laws of this Realm, no Person can be consecrated to the Office of a Bishop

VV without the King’s Licence for his Dleftion to that Office, and the Royal Mandate under the

Great Seal for his Confirmation and Coniccration: And whereas every Person who shall be consecrated to

6 the said Office is required to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also the Oath of due Obe-

4 dience to the Archbishop: And whereas there are divers Persons, Subjects, or Citizens of Countries out

The Arthfcilhop < Qf his Majesty’s Dominions, and inhabiting and residing within the said Countries, who profds the

with such Pukl‘ck Worship of Almighty God, according to the Principles of the Church of England, and who, in

uhrrliTfnop^a* ‘ order to provide a regular buccession of Ministers for the Service of their Church, are desirous of having

they ihaii think c certain of the Subjects or Citizens of those Countries consecrated Bishops, according to the Form of Con-

fit to affia, may fee rati on in the Church of England;* Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

tonfcci&ic bub- the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

7 assembled.

