A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III, C. 2—7* 255

haviours as, if committed within this Realm, would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this

Realm, to beTreason or Misprision thereof, Felony or Misdemeanor; which Court shall conllft of the

Judge Advocate to be appointed in and for such Place, together with iix Officers of his Majesty's Forces by

oeaorLand: Which Court shall proceed to try such Offenders, by calling such Offenders respectively

before that Court, and causing the Charge against him, her, or them respectively to be read over; which

Charge shall always be reduced into Writing, and shall be exhibited to the said Court by the Judge Advo-

cate; and by examining Witnesses upon Oath, to be administered by such Court, as well for as.against

such Offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging, by the Opinion of the major Part of the Persons com-

posing such Court, that the Party accused is or is not (as the Cafe shall appear to them) guilty of the

Charge, and by pronouncing Judgement therein (as upon a Conviction by Verdict) of Death, if the Of-

fence be Capital, or of such Corporal Punishment, not extending to Capital Punishment, as to the said

Court shall seem meet; and in Cafes not Capital, by pronouncing Judgement of such Corporal Punishment,

not extending to Life or Limb, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Provost Marftial, or other Officer to be for that Purpose appointed

by such Governor or Lieutenant Governor, shall cause due Execution of such Judgement to be had and

made under and according to the Warrant of such Governor, or Lieutenant Governor in the Absence

of the Governor, under his Hand and Seal, and not otherwise: Provided always, That Execution shall not

be had or done on any Capital Convict or Convicts, unless five Pcifons present in such Court shall concur in

adjudging him, her, or them, so accused and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the Proceed-

ings shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved.

South Wales to

convene « Court

of Judicature for

the Trial of Of-

fenders.

Who are to be

Members of the

Court, and how

they are to pro-

ceed in trying.

Offenders.

Provo ft Mirffiarl.

to execute the

Judgement of

the Court.

If five Members

do not concur in

adjudging Capi-

tal Offenders,

the Proceedings

to be transmiued to his Majestj.

III. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall be a Court of Re-

cord, and shall have all such Powers as by the Laws of England are incident and belonging to a Court

of Record.

Coart to be a

Court of Re*

cord.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service off

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven. 4 s. in the Pound.

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters*

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects

of his Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual.

4 XT WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- Preamble.

tuled. An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United as Geo. 3.

4 States of America; and to give to his Mayfly, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on c* 39*

1 Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majcjlfs Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United

States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the a4> Geo. 3.

4 Reign of his present Majesty, the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and c. 45.

4 Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the

4 fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, ami Sail Cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bor-

4 dering on the Baltick, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also,

4 by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

4 eighty-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said several Acts before mentioned should be further

4 continued May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Recited Acts

Acts, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day continued until

of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.. APril 5# ,788»

II. ‘ And

