560 C. 53, 54. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789,

of *hc recited

to be tn

tithd to the

Premium", 1h0*

trey do n clear

rut fp'cnlly f-r

the L.«tUtiks

4 of h:s present Majesty’s Reign, pnlef* such Ship or Vessel shall have cleared out specially for the relpec-

4 tive Latitudes therein specihcd ;* be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatcw

Owner or Owners of any Sirp or Vefiel shall not be obl-ged to clear out specially for the rdpectiveLittuitj

fpccihrd in the Lid Acts hut {lull be entitled to the Premiums thereby granted, on complying with all the

ether Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, imposed by the said Acts.

ti.crf .n f, eiified.

*3 Glu, 3. t. 41.

t $ Ceo. 3. c. 5c.

ana z% C;*>. 3.

t• 20. rttiecc.

Af'cr Jan. T.

1790,any

Mai'er permit-

ting an Appren-

tice, indentured

purfumt to the

mi ed Acts, to

quit his Service

lwtore the

Hxpiration of

his Term, to

V. 4 And whereas by an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

4 IM.ijofiy, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried m in wt

4 Gieeidaml Seas and Davis's Streights, it is among other Things enacted, That every Ship shall have

* on board Apprentices indentured for the Space of throe Years at the lead, who shall not exceed the Age

4 of eighteen Yeats, nor be under fourteen Years of Age, at the 'Lime they shall be so indentured, in the

* Pr< ; 01 lion of one Apprentice at the lead for every thirty-five Tons Burthen, and one fresh or green

4 Man for every fifty Tons Burthens, which Apprentices and fresh or green Men shall be accounted in the

4 Number of Men required to be on board such Ship as afore Paid : And whereas by another Act made and

4 passed in the twenty-hxth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign/, intituled, An Act for the Encoureymt

4 if the .Suiihcrn IE hale piper y, it is among other Idlings enacted. That no Premium granted by that

4 Act (lull be paid or allowed to any Per Ion or Persons whatever, for or on Account of any Ship or

4 Will] employed in the aforesaid Fishery, unless such Ship or Vefiel shall have on board an Apprentice

4 indentured for the Space of three Years at the lead, for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Veiie!

* by Admeasurement, every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of eighteen Years, nor being uncer

4 fourteen Years, at the Time lie shall be so indentured : And whereas by another Act, made and pulled in

4 the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending an Al, modi m

4 th' t;venty-fxt/j Tear of his prejeut Majesty's Reign,44for the Encouragement of the Southern IVhakfijhp

4 and for unking further Pro j fens for that Pur pep, it is amongst other Things enacted, That the

4 fevers 1 additional Premiums granted by that Act shall be paid in such and the like Manner, and under such

4 and the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and RcfiriCtions, as are directed and prcficribed in and by the

4 said Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An 11

4 for the Encouragement of the Southern IVhale Fishery; And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be

4 made to oblige the Mailers of Ships or Vessels, or the Persons to whom Apprentices shall be bound in

4 pursuance of the ATs herein-before respecttvely recited, to keep such Apprentices in their Service for the

4 Time they {hall be indentured Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

and after the fir it Day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety, if the Master of any Ship or

Vefiel, or any other Person or Persons whatever, to whom any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be inden-

tured pursuant to the said herein-before recited Acts, {lull permit or fuller any such Apprentice or Ap-

prentices to quit, leave, or depart, his or thtir-Service on any Pretence whatever, except as herein-after is

provided, before the Expiration of the Term for which he or they {hall be bound, every such Mailer or

other Person (lull forfeit and pay,- for each and every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered by

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, in which do

Wager of Law, no FfToign, nor any more than one Imparlance, {hall be allowed,.

toi fcit 50I. {

unlrfs such

Appre>i'ice be

cf;!chj-prd bc-

Pte a Ma£ f-

trare, or tin rw d

ovr;' t<* a..o?lv:r

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained {hall extend, or be construerLto extend, to

inflict the aforesaid Penalty in any Cafe where any Apprentice or Apprentices {hall be legally discharged

before a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or shall be turned over from one Person to another Person, con-

cerned in either of the aforesaid Eiiheries, to serve the Remainder of his Tune in such Fisheries, pursuant to

tire Directions of the said Acts herein-before recited.

Matter, in ti c said Fiihtries.

1 m

VIL Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That no Bounty or.Premium {hall be paid or allowed by

virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in any Cafe, unless there shall be inserted in the Indenture

or Indentures of each and every Apprentice or Apprentices, who shall be indentured by virtue of the said

recited Acts, or either of them, or who shall be turned over from one Person to another, pursuant to this

Act, the Name or Names of the Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, on board of which such Apprenticeor

Apprentices is or are bound to serve.

Vo Premium to

paid under

the recited Act*,

unless the

Names of the

Ships on buaid

s»htch Appren-

tices are boord

to serve, be inserted In the Indenture*.

This A£> not to

extend 10 $ >;ps

cleared cut, and

which shall have

failed, before

ih* Coinrnen<e-

ftxnl thereof.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take awry

any Bounty or Premium which may become due by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in any

Cale where the Ship or Vessel shall have bona jide cleared out on the Fishery, and proceeded from Grtst

Britain, before the Commencement of this Act.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great

Britain. [Continued till March 25, 1793.]

CAP.

