6

PoorPersoni not

paylngtoChurch

and Poor, ex-

empted.

New Dn'ies,&e.

to be un<*er the

fame Manage-

ment, and appli-

ed to the fame

Purposes, as the

-former Duties,

Comnrflionen

to ralce a new

Oath.

The Oath.

ACcflor'i Oath.

Defendant* may

plead the Ge-

neral issue,

and recoTer

Treble Costs.

C. 9—12. Anno vicefuno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 17S6.

HI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty shall be im-

posed, assessed, or levied, by virtue of this, or of the said recited Act, for or in respect of any such House

or Shop, whereof the Occupier or Occupiers, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, is or are

exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxes, AUeliinents, and Contributions towards the Church

and Poor.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That die said Duties by this Act

imposed, and allb the Arrears of the Duties granted by the said former Act, shall, together with the said unre-

pealed Duty of two Shillings in the Pound on every such House, or other Building or Place, of the annual

Rent or Value of thirty Pounds, and upwards, be under the Management of the lame Commissioners, and

shall be addled, raised, levied, collected, paid, received, and applied, by such and the fame Persons, and

for such and the fame Purposes, and in such and the fame Form and Manner, and with such and the fame

Allowances, and under such and the fame Penalties, as by the said recited Act is prescribed with respect

to the Duties thereby imposed ; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act, and not hereby altered or repealed,

so far as the fame were intended to take Effect, and be executed after the said fifth Day of April one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, ana put in Exe-

cution throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several

Duties on Shops by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame

or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, instead of the Oath required to be taken by the said herein

before recited Act, every Commissioner who shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-six, proceed to act, or begin to act in the Execution of the said former Act, and

of this Act, shall take the following Oath :

“ f DO swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner for the Duties on

44 JL Shops, and will determine upon all Appeals which shall be brought before me, according to the bed

44 of my Skill and Knowledge"

And every Assessor, or Surveyor or Inspector authorised to act as Assessor, shall, instead of the Oath required

to be taken by the said herein before recited Act, take the following Oath, or, being a Quaker, make the

following Affirmation:

p-

K [ DO swear (or affirm, as the Cafe may beThat in the Assessment which I shall make upon every

44 JL House, Building, or Place, liable to the Duties on Shops, within the District or Parish for which

44 I am appointed or authorised to act as Assessor, I will rate each at the true annual Value, according to

44 the bed of my Skill and Knowledge ; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in

44 me as such Assessor."

Which Oaths, as also all and every other Oaths which may be requisite and necessary for carrying jnto

Execution this or the said recited Act, any two or more of the Comniiifioners within each County, City,

or Place respectively, are hereby authorised to administer.

VE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall pass for the

Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or

Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. X.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XI.

An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

44 11 W 12 GuU 3. c. 3.—2 Annecyc. 7.—4 Geo. 1. c. 13.-9 Geo. 1. c. 30. —11 Geo. 2. c. 7.—31 Geo. z. c• 8.

44 —further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XII.

An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town

of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancajhr\ for supplying the said Town with freth and whole-

some Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein ; for appoining additional

Market Places ; and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the ieccnd Year of his piefenc

Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Caxter^ and Porters, to a certain Distance

beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

CAP.

. d by

