A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. ' C. 81.

Parish where such Offence {ball be committed ; and the Matter or Commander of every such Smack, Hoy*

4 Yager, Boat, Ship, or otherVessel, in which any Fishshall be so illegally imported, or brought to Shore,

4 is also liable to forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Bounds, to be recovered by any Informer, and to be (Hi-

c pofedof as aforesaid; provided that no Person shall incur any such Penalty or Forfeiture, unleis the Prose-

4 cution for the fame be commenced within twelve Months after the Offence committed : And whereas the

4 Provisions made by the said recited Acts are found, by Experience, to be ineffectual, and rot fufiicicni to

4 restrain ill-disposed Persons from buying and receiving fresh Fith (other than Turbots, Lobsters, and EcF)

4 from Foreigners or Strangers, and importing and felling inch Fish in this Kingdom,contrary to the Tenor

4 andexprefs Meaning of the said Acts; and, by re a (on of the great Delay and Expence attending the Pro-

4 fecution of the Offenders, and the great Difficulty of procuring fuincient Evidence for the Recovery of

4 the said Penalties under the said Acts, Persons are discouraged from suing for such Penalties, and the Rid

4 Offenders escape with Impunity For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent a Practice so injurious to the

British) Fisheries, and so obvioufty detrimental to the naval Interetts of this Kingdom, may be the more effec-

tually suppressed and prevented, be it further enacted. That if, upon Complaint or Information, upon Oath,

made before any two Justices of the Peace (having competent Jurisdiction in this Behalf), it shall appear

that such Officer or Officers doth or do know, or is or are credibly informed, or hath or have cause to believe

or suspect, that any Fish hath been imported or brought into, or Ibid or exposed to Sale, in the Port of Lm-

don^ contrary to the Tenor and true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts of the first Year of the

Reign of King George the First, and the ninth Year of King George the Second, and of this present

Ad, or any of such Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to summon the Person or

Persons who dial 1 be charged by such Complaint or Information, to appear before them, at a Time and

Place to be f^ecified in the Summons; and in case the Party or Parties so lummoned shall not appear accord-

ing to such Summons, then, upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons, eiiher personaliy, or

by leaving the fame at his or their Dwelling-house, Lodging, or other usual Place of Abode, vvnilft the

Party or Parties shall be on Shore, or not being on Shore, with some Person in the Ship or Vessel to which he

orthty {ball then actually belong, to cause such Party or Parties to be apprehended, by Warrant or War-

rants under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, and to be brought before them at such Time and Place as

shall be specihed in and by such Warrant or Warrants; and the re u pop, whether such Party or Parties shall

appear upon such Summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justices shall and may proceed to hear the

Matter of such Complaint or Information, and to adjudge and determine the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, before

whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made as aforesaid, to summon before them any Seaman,

Fisherman, or other Person, who shall, in or by such Complaint or Information, appear to be a necessary

Witness as to the Matter thereby charged, to appear before them, at a Time and Place to be specified in

the Summons; and in case such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, shall not appear according to such

Summons, then, upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons in Manner aforesaid, to cause such

Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such

Justices, and to be brought before them, and thereupon, whether such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Per-

son, shall appear upon Summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justices shall and may proceed to exa-

mine him upon Oath as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information ; and in case such Seaman, Fisher-

man, or other Person, shall wilfully refuse to be sworn, or to give Evidence therein, or shall evidently wil-

fully forswear himself, or prevaricate in his Evidence, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by

Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person so refusing to

be sworn, forswearing himself, or prevaricating as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the County or Place

in or for which such Justices shall then ad, to remain for the Space 6f one whole Year, without Bail or

Mainprize.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Examination of every Person so to be examined as a

Witness as aforesaid, shall be taken down in Writing by or before the said justices; and in case the

Party or Parties, charged by such Complaint or Information, cannot be made to appear at the Time'

of such Examination, and such Witness cannot be made to attend when such Party or Parties (hull

appear, then and in such Cafe such Examination in Writing shall and may be read and made use of,

and shall have tht fame Force and Effect as if such Witness were then actually present and examined

viva voce.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid several pecuniary Penalties, by the said in Part

Tecited Ad of the ninth Year of the Reign of King Gf.orge the Second granted or imposed, shall be

recoverable by and before any two Justices of the Peace for any County, Divilion, or Place, on due Proof

and Convidioriof the Offence by the Oath of any credible WirneR, or by Con fell: on of the Offender or

Offenders, and that the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties fhalV belong to the Informer or Informers mak-

ing or laying such Complaint or Information as aforesaid ; and in case of the Nonpayment of such Penalty

or Penalties, with the Charges incident to such Conviction, immediately upon fuen Conviction, the fame

Penalty or Penalties and Charges shall be levied by Distress and Sale of. the Goods and Chattels of such

Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom

he or they shall have been convicted; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender or Offenders shall be

font by the fame Justices to the Common Gaol of the County, Divilion or Place, in or for which they

shall respectively ad, there to remain for the Space of one whole Year, without Bail or Mainpiize, unless

such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid; any Thing in the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them,

or any other. Act or Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

B b 2 - * XLVII. And,

' 18/

If Officers fnr-

pe£> freffi Kiih

to have b'en i-i-

ported i<»t<> L" n»

don contrary to

I Geo. 1. c. iS 5

9 Geo. % c.

and this A:t,

two Jiiltic-s may

lu rmon the

Par ie«, and

termine the

CotnpLinu

WitnessVi refo4

sing to attend

may be appre-

hended, and

giving fnlfe Evi«

dr nee to be cunt-

mitted far a

Year to CaoU

Wrhfen Ert-

dene- te have

the Fprce of

•vece

ruination.

How Penalties

i icurred under

rec ted Part of

9 Oeo. z. c. 33*

zrc to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied i

