3*

Whit Quantity

of such Sugar

iray be exported

annually from

Liverpool to

Douglas in the

Isle of Milt

Ko such Sugar

to be exported

from the Isle of

Man*

Regulation! ft*

lative to the Im-

portation of Fidi

into the Isle of

Mao,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 37, 38.

be so imported or carried, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to be seized

by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England^

or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence, without Fee or Reward (to continue in force three

Months), to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, to export from the Port of Liverpool into the Port of Douglas

in the IjU of Man, but to none other, in British-built Ships navigated according to Law, any Quantity of

British refined Sugar, not exceeding four hundred hundred Weight of Sugar fully refined, and ten hundred

Weight of refined Sugar Bastard, to commence from the said filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-six, and in like Manner in every succeeding Year; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

!ufy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no British refined Sugar shall be exported, or shipped, or

. den oir "board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported from the said Isle of Man, to any Place

whatever, on Pain of the Forfeiture of the fame, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel,

and the Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Ammunition thereunto belonging.

V. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act, it is amongst other Things provided. That it shall be

1 lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the Isle of Alan Fish of all Sons from any Port or Place

4 whatsoever, except from Great Britain only, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever:

4 And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Act, so far as it relates to Fish, except tw permitting

4 a limited Quantity thereof to be imported into the said Bland in the Time of Scarcity, by reason of

4 Failure in the Fiftiery carried on upon the Coast thereof by the Inhabitants there be it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and

dghty-six, the said recited Act, so far as it relates to Fish, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; except

that it shall and may be lawful, on Failure of the Fishery carried on upon the Coast thereof, for the House

of Keys^ in the said Bland, to permit and allow the Importation of any Quantity of foreign Herrings into

the said Island; for the Consumption thereof, not exceeding one thousand Barrels in any one Year, without

Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatever.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and

for applying the Money to arile thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing,

watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process

from. Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim of

Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cales of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining

the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

\X7 HEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in force, and made to establish or regulate Courts

W for the Recovery of Small Debts in several Cities, Towns, Distrids, and Places within this King-

4 dom, there is no uniform Time limited for the Duration of the Imprisonment of the Defendant or

4 Debtor, against whom an Execution, Process of Contempt, or Precept in the Nature of an Execution,

4 is iftiied fur Nonpayment of such Debts and Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, as by the Order or Orders

4 of such Courts such Debtor or Defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but such Debtors or Defendants

4 are by such Acts of Parliament to be committed to Prison, there to remain for an'indefinite Length of

4 Time, until he, she, or they shall perform the Order of the Court of Commissioners in that Behalf; so

that it frequently happens that a poor Person, whp'is not of Ability to pay a Debt of or under forty

4 Shillings is imprisoned for many Month?, and- sometimes for Years, without a Possibility of being dif-

4 charged: And whereas it often happens that poor Persons, who are committed to Prison by virtue of and

in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, for a trifling Debt, are kept in Custody after they have been

4 enabled to pay and discharge such Debt, for Gaol Fees: And whereas an Act was made in the last

4 Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed »$Geo. 3.C.45.

4 to Prison, t-fen Prefecutions in Courts of Corscience, in London, Middleltx, and the Borough of South-

4 wark, to the Ja me Periods in each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by thfc Debtors to Gaoler r, or other x,

1 on account of such Imprisonment), the Purposes of which Ad have been found to be beneficial; and it is

4 expedient that the like Provisions should be extended to all other Courts instituted for the Recovery of

4 Small Debts :* T herefore be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 7

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven L:mltat!on of

hundred and eighty-six, no Person whosoever, being a Debtor or Defendant, and who has been or shall be the Tiareoflm-

committed to any Gaol or Prison by Order of any Court, or Commissioners authorised by any Act or Acts Prisonmtm of

of Parliament for constituting or regulating any Court or Courts for the i\ecovery of Small Debts, where mi»eCdbyCuurt»

6 the of Confcieoce.

Preamble*

