7*

A.D. 1786- Anno vicesimo (exto Georgii III.

C. 50.

Hope and the Streights of Magellan, except Oil, Head Matter, or Bone of Whales or other Fi/h, have been

taken on board such Ship or Vessel during the said Voyage ; but in case any such GooJs and A4ercbandizes

shall have been taken on board the said Ship or Vessel during the said Voyage, then the said Certificate shall

specify the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all such Goods and Merchandizes, and the Caule or

Reason of taking the lame on board; and the Owner or Owners or* such Ship or Vessel iliaII not be

intitled to any Bounty under the Authority of this Act, until such Certificate as aforesaid (hull have been

delivered to the said Secretary, and such Delivery shall have been proved by a Production of his Receipt

for the feme.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel intend-

ing to navigate within, or frequent any Part of the Seas comprized in the Boundaries of the exclusive

Trade of the South Sea Company, as described in and by an Act of the ninth of her late Majesty

Anne, shall, before (he shall proceed an every such Voyage, be obliged to take a Licence for such Voyage

from the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Baits

ef America, and for encouraging the Fishery ; and every Vessel navigating such Seas, without such Licence,

shall be liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties as are created and enacted by the said Act; any Thing in

this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel whatever shall be intided,

within or during the Periods of Time respectively limited by this Act for such Ship or Vessel to fail on and

to return from such Voyage, to more than one of the Premiums hereby granted, although such Ship or

Vessel shall make two Voyages within any one of the Periods aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Return of every Ship or Vessel

from the Fisheries aforesaid, in which Ship or Vessel any Oil or Head Matter shall be imported, and on

account of which Importation any of the Premiums herein before granted Hull be claimed or demanded, in

cale there shall be any Reason to fuspect that such Oil or Head Matter is mixed with Water, or any other

Materia] or Materials, in order to increase the Quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel

shall so return, to nominate and appoint, and such Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers, is and

are hereby required to nominate and appoint one or more (as the Caie may require] Ikilful Person or Per-

forms to examine such Oil or Head Matter, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Oil or Head

Matter has been mixed with any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever (other than Oil or

Head Ad at ter so taken as aforesaid], whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased ; and if

it shall appear, upon such Examination, that there has been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water,

or any other Material whatever, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased, the Owner

or Owners shall not be intitled to any of the Premiums granted by this Act; and over and above the Lo.s

of the Premium, such Oil or Head Matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loll, and shall and

maybe seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs ; and if any Dispute shall arise whether

there hath been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water, or any other Material or Materials what-

ever, not being Oil or Head Alatter so taken as aforesaid, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter*

is increased, then, and in such Cafe, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Od or

Head Alatter, or on the Person or Persons claiming the Premium on account of the Importation of such

Oil or Head Matter, and not on the Officer who shall seize or prosecute the fame.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any of the Premiums granted

by this Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, the exact Quantity of Oil and Head

Alatter taken together, imported in such Ship or Vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper Officer or

Officers of the Customs, and such Quantity shall be certified by them to the Commissioners of the-Customs

in England and Seothnd respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Oil, Head Matter, or other Pro-

duce of Fish or Creatures living in the Se< s, caught and taken in the Alanner and under the Regulations and

Restrictions required by this Act, a9 also ail Fins of Whales arid Skins of Seals, so caught and taken, and

that all Oil, Head Matter, or other Produce of Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, Fins of

Whales, and Skins of Seals, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or

Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the 1 (Lands of Guernsey, fit fey, or Man, wholly owned by his

Majesty’s Subjects, usually residing therein relbectively, and navigated in Manner aforesaid, shall, upon

Importation into Great Britain, be admitted to Entry, and landed without Payment of any Custom or

Duty whatever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who, not

being Subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Fishery, and wno

shall have established themselves and their Families in Great Britain, for the Purpose of carrying on the said

Fishery in Alanner before mentioned, and who shall so have carried on the said Fishery, and imported the

Produce thereof into Great Britain, for and during the Space of five Years successively ; all which Fadis

shall be ascertained by a Certificate or Certificates from the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s

Customs; shall, upon taking the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succetlbrs, in one of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVtJlmvyUr or Edinburgh, or at the General or Quarter Sessions of the

Peace where he or they reiide, be considered, deemed, and taken to be his Majesty’s natural-born Subject

or Subjects, and be intitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects ;

which Oath so taken as aforesaid (hull be enrolled by the Court wherein the fame shall be taken, and the Re-

cord of such Enrolment, or a Copy thereof, properly authenticated, th ill be admitted and u>;en in ail Cates

as Evidence of the Fact, on the Part of such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

6 XXV. And

5 Hrpf fai line

within the Li-

mio of the Si uih

Sea Compam ,

muff have Li

crncc from the

Company,

No Ship iohtlfd

to nrcre thanenc

I’rem um the

fame Sea fen.

If Water be

rrited wih th«

O I, it. im-

pouc^, it shall

he f.irtrifd, as

Villas' LeC-aini

lo i’leimuoi.

Tn case of Dif-

pute, the Owner

to prove the

Purity of the

Oil.

Quantify im-

ported to be af-

certiineo by an

Officer of ;he

Cuiloms, £c.

beforri’remium*

are paid.

Oil, &c. tray be

imported in Pri*

tifli ships, Duiy-

fiec.

Foreigners set-

tled in Great

Britain, who

shall hrve car-

ried on 1 he F'ifli-

ery five Years,

naturalized on

tak;r»£ the Oath.

ot Allegiance.

