I*,

. • i i

« I v

• it

; : I

, M

, i 1 ;

t )

t

' I

j

* I

t

I

i

t

i

i

i

i

368

' and ilfo to the

levying, Arc. the

Duties of Excise

^imp >fed in the

present Session

on Cocoa Nuts

and Coffee.

Every Barrel of

French Beer, Arc*

imported, to be

deemed to con*

tain thirty-six

Gallons,

Rum of the Bn-

tifti Plantations

in America,

warebcufed on

•JMay 10, 17*7,

may b: delivered

on Payment of

the Duty ira-

posed thereon

this present Sef-

6 on.

In lieu of the

Duty imposed on

nnn-en a m era ted

Paper by 17

Geo. 3. 013*

there is to be

paid as follow*:

C. 31. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

Excise thereon \ are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, assessing, railing, levying,

collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securine the Duties thereby im-

posed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, shall be, and shall be deemed

and taken to be, in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, for the managing, aflefiing, railing, levying,

collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or (ecu ring the said Dudes thereby

repealed, and for preventing, detecting, and puniQiing Frauds relating thereto; and the feme Powers, Au-

thorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters,

and Things, shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in

execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the managing,* assessing, railing, levying, t

collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing, the said several Duties

of Excise by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament imposed for or in respect of Cocoa Nuts and

Coffee respectively, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as folly and ef-

fectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Re-

gulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Thing?, had been expressly infested

and re-ena£ted in the said last-mentioned Act, or this ACT

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Barrel of French Beer, Ale*

or Mum, Which shall be imported into Great Britain direCtly from any of the European Dominions of the

French King, shall be deemed and taken to be thirty-six Gallons English Beer Measure, within the Meaning

of the said Act made in this Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rum or Spirits of the Growth,

Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, which, on the tenth Day of May

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall be in any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the tame

shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained

and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Pay-

ment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the fame in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the Gud

tenth Day of May, be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, shall not be subject or

liable to any higher Duty of Excise than the Duty of Excise upon Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of the Pro-

duce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imposed by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, of

the fame Degree of Strength as such Rum or Spirits which shall be so delivered out of such Warehouse or

Warehouses respectively ; nor shall any Thing in the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, extend,

or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal any of the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions,

but the fame shall be and remain In foil Force.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in lieu and in (lead of the Duty of

Excise, at and after the Rate of twenty rounds and fourteen Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the

true and real Value of every Sort or Kind of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, and not enumerated

and described[in the five Tables of the Schedule marked (F), annexed to an Act made in this Session of

Parliament, intituled. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise , and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof and for applying the said £>utiesy together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue \

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the

Eu-ope a 11 Dominions of the French Kingy into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed AIoniesy re-

maining in the Exchequerfor the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt\ and

which is by the said Act imposed, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, -

For every Sort, For every Sort or Kind of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, not enumerated and described ia

fa°rgeft°size of *be Tables, and not being above the largest Size of the Paper nearest of the fame Sort or Kind, enume-

theneareftof rated in the said Tables, the Duty by the said Act imposed in respect.of Paper made in Great Britain*

the fame Kind which shall be nearest above in Size and Value to such Sort or Kind of Paper; and for every Sort or fCitid

enumerated in of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, not particularly enumerated and described in the said Tables,

Du Tof*^* an^ being above the largest Size of the Paper nearest of the fame Sort, Kind, and Weight, enumerated in

P'r'ocarcft above ;*be Tables, a Duty in Proportion to such Size, efti mated according to the Duty ini posed by the said

in Size and V*- ACI for or in respect of Paper made in Great Britain nearest of the fame Sort, Kind, and Weight, and of

lue to such Son; the Size nearest below such Sort or Kind; such Duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such

and for every Person and Persons, and in such and the same Manner as the Duties in lieu whereof the fame are hereby im-

Sort above the

largest Size of r

the nearest of the feme Kind and Weight, a Duty in Proportion to its Size,

•*6Ceo. 3. c, 64. XXX. * And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

fcciteo. c tuled. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Trines and

4 Spirits, and upon Worts, TVaj\ and other Liquors there used in the Disiillation of Spirits; and for granting

4 to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof J it is, among other Thines, enacted, That, from and after the

€ fifth Day of fifty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there mould be charged and paid to his Ma-

• jesty, for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Capacity or Content of each and every

4 Still, including the Head thereof, which should be used or employed for the making of Low Wines or Spi-

4 ritsfrom Com, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any

4 Sort or Kind of British Materials, or any Mixture with the feme, the yearly Sum of one Pound ten ShtI—

4 lings Sterling; and for every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Capacity or Content of each and ever^

; " by

