468 C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 17$8.

offending shall, for every such Offence (whether the fame Offer, Proposal, or Promise, be accepted or per-

formed, or not), forfeit and pay the Sum of three hunited Pounds, to be recovered and applied to the Ufc

of him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue fjr the fi ne, by Action of D,*bt, Bill, Plaint, or Informa-

tion, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record .it wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Officenofrhe LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Officer of his Majesty’s Ex-

Excise,&c. nc- eife, Customs, or Salt Duties, neglecting the Duty by this Act required, or compounding for any Ship,

VdU Shorn, Wool, or other the Articles herein-before mentioned, and which are by this Act directed to

the'famePonllh- be forfeited, shall be deemed Aiders and Abettors in the Exportation of Sheep, Wool, and other the Ar-

mentas Export- tides aforesaid, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, and suffer the PunUhment herein enadal

ers of Woafl. against the Exporters thereof.

Bonds not to he LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Bonds taken, or to

chargeable with be taken, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum,

Bta.np Dutiet. Parchment, or Paper ; any Law or Statute made, or to be made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

In all Profeco- LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Questions, Prosecutions, Suits,

tionsthe Proof and Informations, which shall happen to arise or be commenced, brought, sued, or prosecuted, betweeo or

to lie upon ihe against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or committed, or neglected to have been done, contrary

defendant. |0 the Directions, true Intent and Meaning of this Act, touching or concerning the Sheep, Wool, or other

Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, it shall not be neteflary for the Prosecutor, or Person or

Persons commencing, bringing, or prosecuting any such Suit, lndidment, or Information, nor shall he,

(he, or they be obliged or required, upon any Hearing or Trial thereof, to prove that such Sheep was or

were of the Breed of this Kingdom, or that such Wool was of the Growth of this Kingdom; but that,

without any such Proof, upon every such Hearing and Trial, it shall be held, deemed, and taken, that such

Sheep was or were of the Breed of this Kingdom, and such Wool of the Grdwth of this Kingdom,

unless the contrary shall be proved by or on the Part of the Person or Persons who shall happen to be

Defendant or Defendants in or upon any such Hearing or Trial; any Law or Usage to the contrary rxx-

with (landing.

VmftcnAon* LXL Ami be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, and In-

may be com- formations, to be had and commenced upon this, or upon the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Year

™encedfR*nf6 ^lS ^ate Majesty IVMiam the Third, for or in respect of any Offence or Offences doneorcom-

mi offer fitted against this or the said recited Act, or for or in respect of any Pcndty or Forfeiture in or by the said

9 Acts, or either of them, imposed or inflated, shall and may be entered and prosecuted (except vrtiereitis

in this Act otherwise directed) in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at fvijtminjhr^ or in the Court of

Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session, or Gaol Delivery, or at the

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or before any two Justices of the Peace for any County, City, or Place in

this Kingdom, in a summary Way, at the Election of the Scizer or Informer, wherein no Efloin, Protedioo,

or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance.

No Profecwtion LXIL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Prosecution or In-

to be procrcformation shall be had, commenced, brought, or proceeded upon, before any two such Justices of the Peace

mart w*y a summary Way, where the Seizure, Penalty, or Forfeiture then claimed shall exceed in the Whole, the

more than *001. Sum of two hundred Pounds,

J a ft ice* to order LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Justices who shall beaflembled

Seizures to be at any such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and also such aforesaid two Justices, shall, and they are

puiickly fold, hereby empowered and required to order and direct all such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Carriages, and Cattle, as

be lc»?edVrDi?- by ^em declared to be forfeited, and which shall have been seized by virtue of this or the said recited

* * Ad, to be publickly sold to the highest Bidder, at such Time and Place as they shall think proper and direct;

and also, by their Order or Warrant, to levy all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have

been incurred by any Offender or Offenders against this or the said recited Act, and also all such Colts as shall

have been awarded upon any Appeal touching the fame, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of

such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner and Owners of such Goods and

Chattels, after deduding the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale.

Ho« Penalties LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one clear Moiety of the respeflive

are to be applied. Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures (except the Penalties of the Bonds) by this Act directed to be inftided

upon Offenders against the fame (except such as are by this Act otherwise directed and applied), shall, when

recovered, be paid and applied to such Person or Persons who shall give such Information to any Officer of

his Majesty’s Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, as may be the Means of recovering the fame ; and that,

after deduding the Expences of recovering such Penalties, the Remainder of the other Moiety shall be paid

to the Officer or Officers assisting in making any such Seizures; but that in case any Officer or Officers of

his Majesty’s Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, shall make any of the Seizures herein-before directed with-

out Information, then, after deduding the Expences of Recovery as aforesaid, the Remainder of such Pro-

duce shall be paid to the Officer or Officers seeing the fame.

*erfbn« export- LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for

in* Sheep, &s. any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, Constables, and other Officer

to be carried be- <>r Officers of the Peace, and for all Persons acting in their or any of their Aid or Assistance, to flop, arrest^

mwocom- ^ <^eta*n anc* every the Person and Persons who shall be found actually exporting, or attempting to

mit°thea to " export, any Sheep, Wool, or any other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, or who shall be aiding

Caol*c. abetting or assisting in the exporting, or attempting to export. the fame, or any of them, and him, her,

and them, to carry and convey before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace near to the rbee

whew

^.oooole

