A.D. 1786, Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 8r.

4 one thousand six hundred and sixty-two, by virtue of an of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late

‘ Majesty King Charles the Second, to be contrary to the declared Intention expressed in the said Orders

be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the pairing of this Act, it Hull not he lawful for

any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs to demand, ask, or accept, any Fee or other J'erqujfite for

or on account of any Transatftion relative to any Veil'd or Boat employed in the Fisherits, or in the J ’ranl-

portation from one Place to another of Fifn, or of Salt for the Use of the Fisherie?, or for or on account'

of the Payment of any Bounty or Debenture on Fish ; and in case any fuc’n Officer or Officers Hull demand*

ask, or accept any such Fee or other Perquisite as aforesaid, he or they (being thereof lawfully convicted)

lhai! forfeit and pay treble the Amount or Value of the Sum of Money or other Thing f> by him or them

demanded* asked, or accepted, and shall be forthwith discharged from such Office or Offices as he or they

shall then hold in his Majesty’s Customs.

4 XXXIII. And whereas the Fisheries carried on from Time immemorial on the Coasts of the Ijle of

• Man, by the Inhabitants thereof, have proved a fruitful Nurfcry of able Seamen for the national Sen ice :

4 And whereas, if due and equal Encouragement with that granted to his Majesty’s other British Suf jecls,

4 were given to the Inhabitants of the Ijle of Man employed-in the said b ilheries, they might be further

4 improved and extended, to the Advantage of the publick Service, anJ to the Increase of the Marine, Wealth,

4 and Force of the Kingdom;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and alter the

first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the like Bounty of one Shilling J)er Bane?,

as above mentioned, shall be paid for all such Herrings caught by the Inhabitants of the Ijk of Ulan, as shall

be landed in the said Island from any Boat or Vend, and (had be afterwards propeily failed, cured, and

packed, in Manner as above directed for British-a\ughz Herrings; which said Boumy shall be exclusive of

all Bounties payable on Exportation of Herrings to foreign Parts, and shall be payable and paid, with reffieft

to such Herrings as shall be landed in the Ijle of Alan, from and out of the Smplufage of the annual Cuf-

toms of the said Bland, over and above the Expenditure and Civil Establishment of the said Itland, by the

Receiver General of the Customs thereof for the Time being, upon the Owners of such Herrings comply-

ing with, and conforming to, the like Rules and Regulations, and being subjecded and liable to the like Pe-

nalties in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent Practices, in order to obtain such Bounty, as are by this

A<5Idire<51ed with regard to British-caught Herrings landed in Great Britain.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June

bne thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all such Herrings as shall be caught and cured by the Inha-

bitants of the Ijle of Man% and exported from thence, or from Great Britain, to foreign Parts, shall, upon

Exportation thereof, or any Part thereof, be intitled to the like Allowances or Bounties of two Shillings and

eight-Pence per Barrel on White Herrings so exported, and of one Shilling and nine Pence ter Barred on

Red Herrings so exported, as by an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the First (intituled, An All for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and

for better securing the Duties on Salt), are granted on the Exportation of White and Red Herrings respec-

tively ; which said Allowances or Bounties shall, on such White or Red Herrings exported diredliy from the

Ijle of Man to foreign Parts, be payable from and out of the fame Funds, and in the (kmc Manner respec-

tively, as in this present Act is provided and directed with respect to the Bounty on the landing of Herrings

in the Ijle of Man, caught and cured by the Inhabitants thereof, as above mentioned ; and such Allowances

or Bounties on Exportation to foreign Parts of White-and Red Herrings respectively, caught and cured by

the Inhabitants of the said Bland, and exported from Great Britain to foreign Parts, shall, on the Owner

or Owners thereof producing due and proper Certificates, signed by the Collector, Comptroller, or other

Chief Officer of his Majesty’s Revenue of the said Bland, of such Owner or Owners, having taken the

like Oaths, and of their having conformed to the like Provisions and Regulations, as by this Act are di-

rected in the Cafe of Herrings cured in Scotland, and exported from England, and of Herrings cured in

England^ and exported from Scotland, be payable from the same Funds, and be issued and paid under and

subjecf to the like Conditions, Restrictions, and Regulations, and with the like Penalties in case of icbncing

such Herrings, or in case of any other fraudulent Practices in order to obtain the said Bounties, as by

the said recited, or by this present Act, are provided, prescribed, and inflicted, in regard to Herrings

cured ia, and exported from, any Part of Great Britain; any Thing to the contrary thereof in any wile

notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Duties which are at this Time

payable by Law on such Herrings as are caught and cured by the Inhabitants of the Ijle of Man, and im-

ported into Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, ceale and determine.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the like Restrictions and Penalties

2s are herein before mentioned and provided, with regard to Officers asking or accepting of any Fee or

Perquisite for or on account of any Transudtion relative to the Fisheries, shall be, and the lame are hereby

declared 10 be extended, in the most full and ample Manner, to the Fillieiies of the Ijk of Man.

4 XXXVII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (inti-

4 tuled. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Co a/Is ojthe 1 lie of Man ; and f:r

4 obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respetl to the allowing the Bounties upon the British JVhite. Herring

4 Fishery in the Year one thousand seven hundred cud seventy one), any Sort of Herrings caught upon the

4 Coasts of the Ijle of Man, and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any Bart of Great

4 Britain, upon Payment of the Duties therein mentioned, the M after, or other Per fun having the Charge

4 of the Ship so importing such Herrings, bringing with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Governor,

4 Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magi ft rate for the Time being, that Oath 1 ad been

26 Geo. III. B b w made

185

Offirers accept-

ing Ft cs to for-

f<ir treble the

V.lue, an \ to be

di (charged.

Fron June r,

17^7,tfir BcuntJ

of 1 s. per Bar-

rel to be paid (•

the lnhafiitarus

of the (fle ot

Mjo for Her-

rings caught and

cured by .hem

Turns of this

Ad j

and on Importa-

tion thereof rj

be allowed ihe

B 'un'ies granted

by 5 Geo. |.

c. 18 j

to b? paid, if

exported fr m

the Jfle of Man,

a» the Bruntv of

is per Barrel ift

pava: le there;

and if from

Great B-i:aint

a« the Bounty o»

Exjurra i n

from Britain,

and "n^er rhe

likeRegulaii. ns,

DiWer now nar-

able on the Im-

porution 01 Hrr-

r'ing*fr mthe'fle

ot Man to ceale.

f’cniliie* cn

* (Ti.e<s taking

Fee* to extend to

ti e Fisheries o!

the .lie uf Man.

I ’ Gen. 5. c.

in Fait recited.

