55° C. 49. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.. A.D. 1789,

From July 5,

I7S0, no Li-

c-t'.rc :o be

g» n'ed to «xcr-

cifc ihr Bi.sint fa

of a Horse Dealer

vmheot the

Pi or option of a

Declaration aa

herein men-

tioned.

If H°rre Desirrs

k-ep for

filling or draw-

ing, and negltft

t give in a List

theieo*, the

/■llessors may

charge the Dufy

for such Num-

ber as from In-

formation they

learn are so

kept.

Dufiei to be

paid quarterly,

the fiift Pay-

ment on O&.

10, 17S9*

Dutiesto be paid

into the Vxche-

quer, and errried

to the Consoli-

dated Fund.

c Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act;* be it therefore

farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand

ieven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful for the said Com mi Sinners, or for any Person autho-

rifed by them, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to use and exercise

the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, unless such Person Hull produce to the said Commissioners, or

the Person authorised by them, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or them reflectively, that he or

they doth or do leek his or their Living by buying and kliing of Hones, and shall, in the said Declaration,

let forth the particular Place and Places where such Trade and l»ufinds is to be exercised and carried on ;

and every Licence granted, or to be granted, to any Person or Pci suns other than to such as shall seek his or

their Living by buy ing and felling Ilcrles, shall be wholly void and of no Effect; any Thing in the said Act

contained to the contiary thereof noiwithHanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Aurhor.ty aforesaid, That if the several Persons to be appointed

A fie dors under the Authority of the said several Acts, or any of them, shall, upon due Examination, find

that any Person to whom a Licence to exercise the Trade and Bufinds of an Horse Dealer hath been

granted, doth k<tcp and use any Horse or Horses for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any

such Carriage as aforesaid, and not for Sale, within the Limits of the Places for whion such Assessors are to

act; and such Person so licensed shall, upon due Notice having been given, neglect or refuse to make out,

lign, and deliver, according to the Directions of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, a true Lilt in Writing of the Number of such Horses so kept and used by him or her

within such Limits as aforesaid, liable to the said several Duties on Horses, or shall omit any such Horse or

Horses in such Lift,then such Assessor or AflHTors shall be at Liberty, and he and they is and are hereby re-

spectively required, from the best Information he or they can obtain, to make a true Aifeflinent upon such

Person so liccnled, and to charge him or her for and in respect of the real Number of Horses which shall be

kept and used by him or her for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriage as

aforesaid, notwithstanding such Licence to him or her so granted, or any Thing in this or the said recited

Acts contained to the contrary thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act granted

as aforesaid, shall be paid Quarterly, on the four most ufuai Days of Payment of fuchDuties in the Year; thut

is to lay, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October,

in every Year, by equal Portions; the first Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth Day of October one

thousand leven hundred and eighty-nine.

Vill. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the

necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) mail, from Time to Time, be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt

c/f the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated

Fund.

Duties to be IX. And be it further enacted, That the new Duties charged by this Act on Horses and on Carriages

raised, &c. »c- shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received by such Persons, in such and the like Form and

D^tafonsot 25 Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and with such

Geo. 3. c. 47. Power for recovering and enforcing the fame, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are

itc. prescribed or appointed for aflefiing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, the former Duties

on Horses and Carriages respectively, by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt tind Management of certain Duties therein mentionedr

from the Gommissioners of Excise and the Cotnmijfioners of Stamps rcjpeflively, to the Com/nifoners for the

Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect of the said Duties so transferred; or by

any other Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Ma-

jesty’s Revenues upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, or either of them, and which by the said Act of the

N twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, or by any subsequent Act, is made applicable or referable to the

find former Duties on Horses and Carriages, oi\ either of them; and all the Powers, Authorities, Rules,

and Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in force, contained in the said

Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, 01 in any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to.

relative to the Duties on Horses and Carriages, or either of them, or in any subsequent Ac! relating thereto,

for aflefiing, raising, levying, and paying, the Rates and Duties by the said Acts, or any of them, granted,

shall be in full Force, and be duly observed and pracliled and put in Execution, throughout the whole

Kingdom of Great Britain, for aflefiing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties by this Act

directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes (so far as such Provisions shall be applicable to

the said Duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this Act), as if all and every the said Powers, Autho-

rities, Rules, and Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly re-

peated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

The Comrmf. X. And be it further enacted, That, for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, raising,

fu nds for put- levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties hereby granted, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or

tion Aa iVceo. vv  IMll be authorised or appointed hereafter for putting in execution the said herein-before mentioned Act

3°"o put this in of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, concerning the said Duties on Horses and Carriages in

execution* and that Act mentioned, or any Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aftairs of

to ft old ii»cir Taxes, shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this prefcnf Act, and the Powers herein con-

ftr> Meetingon^ tained, in all the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, a ui

J-J17 10, 17 9 > places, for which they are or shall be appointed respectively, within Great Britain; and the said Com-

irufiioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, and for the Purpose of levying the Duties by or*

Act

