A;D. 1787* Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 31, 32. 369

4 Still,including the Head thereof, which should be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from

4 Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings Sterling; and

4 for every Gallon Enzlish Wine Measure of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still, including the

* Head thereof, which should be used or employed for Making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused

* Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any

1 Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of three Pounds Sterling : Provided, that there be at the fame Time WIth *'*7

4 licensed, as the said Act directs, with every Wash. Still, or Low Wine Still, or Spirit Still, of a Content Wa^ Sl‘il

* or Capcity not left than one Fourth of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still: And whereas it was ^0w Vineor

4 intended by the said Act, that two several Stills, that is, a Wash Still, and a Low Wine Still, should have Spirit Still, of

4 been licensed together by the said Aditherefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there not less than

shall be, at the] Ume Time, licensed with every Wash Still, a Low Wine Still or Spirit Still, of a Con- one Fourth of

tent or Capacity not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still. lKt Coment£*

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures How penalties

fetposed by this A St, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such W ays. Means, or Methods tr« beTtC9m

as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws *fre,d ipd

of Excise, or by Attion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at p ie

Westmi iftery or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and tjhe other Moiety to him

or them who shall inform, discover, or fuc for the fame.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limitation of

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, Aai°n»*

such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Thing done, and shall be laid in

the proper County ; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General General Issue.

Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if after-

wards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-

foited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her.’

or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded Treble CoRu

to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Act to com*

Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement *?encf *,onJ

whereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the first Day of June one thousand (even hundred JUD€, 17 74

and eighty-seven.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as arc particularly

described in an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending

the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein ; for taking

off the Duties on Flalks in which Wine or Oil is imported * for laying an additional*

Duty on foreign Geneva imported •, for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of

Africa, imported into this Kingdom •, and for amending several Laws relative to the

Revenue of Customs.

4 XI7 HERE AS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Preamble.

4 VV Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, it is, *4 Geo. 3.

4 amongst other Things, enacted. That, all Vessels belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any of his* Ma- Ci 47*

4 iefty’s Subjects, called Cutters, Luggers. Shallops, or fvberries (of what Built soever), and all Vessels be-

4 longing as aforesaid, of any other Description, whose Bottoms are Clench Work, unless they shall be

4 fouare-rigged, or fitted as Sloops, with (landing Boltfprits, which shall be found within the Limits or

4 Distance in the said Act described, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods, if any, which shall be

4 laden thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture: And whereas it is expedient that further Provi-

4 (ions should be made in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in the before-recited Act, and1

4 that the said recited Act should be extended to other Vessels not coming or falling under the Description of

4 such Vessels and Boats as, in the said before-recite^d Act, are particularly mentioned and described Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords r^nc f>*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 1787, i»ny Ctt-

fame. That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, in case any ter, &c. belong*

Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any |»gt°Li» Ma-

of his Majesty’s Subjects, shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within Jwitbi

four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, having a Bowsprit which shall exceed in Length more than two Thirds f0Hr Lemuel of

of the Length of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, from the Fore-part of the Coast, whofa

her Stem to the act Side of the Stern-Post aloft (whether the fame shall be a (landing or a running Bowsprit), Bowsprit exceed

every liych Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, with all her Guns, Furniture, t*ro*h‘Ld*of

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Offi- ^ f,1

cets of the Customs or Excise. forfeited.

7 II. And

