A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 32—35. 29

thereby otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to

them mall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper, for

the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Caftfiers, and any other Person or Persons

(other than the said Commissioners) for performing the Trust hereby reposed in him or them $ all

which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Services, Pains, and Labour of any Officer

or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea Com-

pany, respectively, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Companies respectively, and at their Dif-

potil only.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six. 1,500,000 /.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six. 1,000,000/.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for thirty

and twenty-nine Years.

4 U7HEREAS several Annuities, granted by divers Acts of Parliament, to continue from the respec-

4 Vy tive Times of their Commencement for certain 'Terms of ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty,

4 seventy-eight, seventy-seven Years, and seventy-five Years and six Months, and then to cease, which

4 were consolidated and made payable at the Bank of England, and are there distinguished by the Appellation

4 of Long Annuities \ and also other Annuities granted for thirty and twenty-nine Years, and consolidated

4 and made one Joint Stock of Annuities, by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of George the

4 Third, payable likewise at the Bank of England; all which said Annuities to continue for ninety-nine,

4 ninety-eight, eighty, seventy-eight, seventy-leven Years, and seventy-five Years and six Months, and

4 for thirty and twenty-nine Years, from the Times of their said respeflive Commencements, were, by the

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Payment of the

several Annuities above mentioned for the Half Year which shall become due on the fifth Day of July ode

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the subsequent Payments thereof dial], with the Content of the Pro-

prietor^, be made in Manner following ; that is to say, one quarterly Payment of the said Annuities shall be

made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from and after the said

tenth Day of UJoker one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, such Annuities shall be paid and payable

half-yeany, on the fifth Day of April, and the tenth Day of Othber, in every Year, until the Quarter Day

mxt preceding the Time at which the several Annuities, according to the several Acts of Parliament for

granting the fame, shall respectively determine; and the Quarter’s Annuity for the Time then remaining

unexpired shall be paid on the quarterly Day of Payment 011 which the fame shall become due.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That such Proprietors of the said respective

Annuities who shall not, on or before the first Day of June one thousand leven hundred and eighty-six,

signlfy their Diilent to the said Alteration of the Times for the Payment of the said Annuities, in Books to

be o;*ened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to allent- thereto; any Thing

in any Ad. or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

HI. Provided nevertheless. That all the Provisions. Powers, and Directions in the several Acts of Par-

liament relative to the Payment of the several and respective Annuities aforementioned, and the Clauses

therein for charging the fame on the several Funds provided for Payment thereof, shall take Effect, operate,

and be executed, with respect to the Payment of the said Annuities on the Days hereby appointed, as fully

and effectually as if the fame were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the Payments to be made by

the Autnonty of this Act.

CAP. XXXV.

After-July 1786,

the recited An-

nuities to be paid

< n O£tober 10,

and April 5,

yearly.

Proprietor*

deemed to aflrnt

to the Altera-

tion, uole^ they

signify theirDif-

sent, &c.

Provisions of

former Acts to

operate with re-

fp:& to the Pay-

ments on the

Dayg hereby ap-

ponied.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in thelafl: Session of Parliament, intituled*

An ACA to explain, amend\ and render more effectual, an All, passed in the twenty-third Tear oj his present

Af'. u’iy’s intituled, 44 An Act for authorifng the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrijon and

“ Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of IVar, as is allowed

“to the Of n ers and Mm cn board any of jois Majesty s Ships of IVar taking or dcjlroying Ships of IVar be*

44 iongi.ig to the Enemy A

CAP.

CrOOQle

