A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 108—111.

XXV, Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person, so convicted

as aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be

held for the County of ATiddlesex next after such Conviction, but not afterwards; of which Appeal such

Appellant shall give to the Prosecutor or Informer seven Days previous Notice of his Intention of trying the

fame; and such General Quarter Sessions, when so appealed to, shall then hear and finally determine the

fame; but in case there shall not be seven Days between such Conviction and the then next Quarter Sef-

fions, then such Appeal shall be heard and finally determined at the following Quarter Sessions, such Notice

being first given as aforesaid: And if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed

in such his Appeal, or prosecute the fame with Effect, the said Court of Sessions (nail then award such Coils

as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on and by such

Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer; and, for Want thereof, to commit the Person or Persons

thus appealing, to the Common Gaol of and for the County of Middlfx, there to remain until he or they

shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty to the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall

be awarded, for the Purposes aforesaid; but in case the said Appellant shall make good, support, and succeed

in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the fame Court shall, in that Cafe, award to such

Appellant reasonable Costs, to be then and there in oj>en Court paid to him or them, by the Person or Persons

on whose Information or Prosecution such Conviction shall have been founded or made; and, for Want of

such Payment, the said Court of Sessions shall commit such Informers and Prosecutors respectively to the

Common Gaol of the said County of MiddUj'ex% there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to

such Appellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no Conviction, to be pronounced

or made by virtue of or under this Act, shall be auashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, lliat rio Writ of Certiorari shall issue, or be ifluable, to remove the

Record of any Conviction or Proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by

the Authority of this Act, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take

place upon Monday the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighry-six, and shall

be in force and have Continuance until the twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our

Lord one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five (being the Residue and Remainder now to come and un-

expired of the Term granted by the said recited Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty), and from thenCe to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that from and after the said

twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said recited Acts of the nineteenth,

twenty-third, twenty-fourth, thirty-first, and thirty-second 1ears of the Reign of his said late Majesty King

George the Second, and of the sixth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, (half be,

and is and are hereby repealed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Information, or

Suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance

of this Act, the lame shall be commenced or filed within two Calendar Months next after the Fact com-

mitted, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the De-

fendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Ifltie, and give

this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done

in pursuance of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, or

Information, shall be brought or filed after the lime for that Purpose limited, or shall be brought in any

other County or Place, then the Jury, in every such Cafe, shall find fof the Defendant or Defendants; and

if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Disconrinuance of his, her, or their Action or

Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be

siven against the Plaintiff*or rlaintins, the Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs, and such Remedy

for the Recovery of the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or haye for Costs of Suit in other Cafes

by Law.

XXIX. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, judged,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whgmsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. CIX.

An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society to be called The Clyde Marine Society; for the better

impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs; and for levying certain

Duties from Shipmasters and others for that Purpose.

CAP. CX.

An Act for supplying North Shields*. and the Shipping retorting thereto, with Water.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Yeat of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding* widening and enlarging the Bridge over the River

Avon, in the City of Bristol, and ere5ibig a temporary Bridge adjoining; and for widening the Streets*

Lanes* Ways* and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over fame other Part of the

said River, within the said City (if necessary); and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for

making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City.

26 Geq. III. K k CAP.

249

Per son«Aggrieve*

may appeal to

the Quarter

Sessions.

The Court to

award Costs, See.

Conviction nit

to be qua/bed

for Want t f

Futm cnly.

No CcTtioraru

Commencement

and Continuance

of this A&.

A&t of 19.13,

»4« 31, and 32. ,

Geo. a. and of 1

6 and at Geo.3,

repealed*

Limitation of

AOiont.

General ISvie,

Cuflf.

Publick A&»

