518 C. 57. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

and allowed, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case the Driver (o offending shall also be

the Owner of such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, then the Sum of four Pounds; and in Default of

Payment of the said Penalties respectively, the Person and Persons so offending shall be committed to the

Common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place where

_such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for the Space of one

Month, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

If Driven-eta- II. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Coach, Chaise, or other such Carriage, going

*ound» or travelling with a greater Number of Persons on the Top or Box thereof than is allowed by this Act,

theOwBe^of*1* cannot be found or known, or being found or known shall not attend in pursuance of any Summons which

the Carriage to may be served upon him, requiring his Appearance before a Justice of the Peace, upon a Complaint and

be liable to the Information laid against him of any Offence committed against this Act, then, and in every such Cafe,

Penalty. the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Chaise, or other such Carriage, shall be liable to the Penalty

hereby laid upon such Driver.

Peace Officer* III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer

negiedUngtoe*. shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the Di-

to"forfei^loa^or re(^ons of this Act, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before one or more

to be impriioaed Justice or Justices of the reace, either by his own Confeftion, or upon the Oath of one or more credible

for a Month. Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to

administer). shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case the Person

so convicted doth not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said Penalty, then it shall be lawful for such

Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of

the County, Riding, City. Town, Division, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to

remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Month, unlefe the said Penalty shall

be sooner paid.

ApplUttion of IV.f And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties by this Act imposed shall

Penalties. g0 anj be paid one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Surveyor of the Highways of the

rarish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be laid out and applied in the Amendment or

Repair of the Public Roads or Highways within such Parish or Place respectively.

Form of Pro- V. And be it further enacted, T hat the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters con-

ceding frt forth tained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon

Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particidar

Occafiont.on Circumstances of the Cafe; and that no Objection shall be allowed to be made, or Advantage taken, on ac-

count of want of Form only, in any such Proceedings.

Public]* Act. VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE referred to, containing the FORM of Proceeding*

mentioned in the foregoing A3.

SUMMONS for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice.

Middlesex.

To vf 5. of

<YUrHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made upon Oath, before me C. D. one of hi*

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said [County, etcetera] by E. F. of

That, etcetera [Here Jiate the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe, as far as it shall be

necessary to Shew the Offence, and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice; and in doing tbat9 follow the

Words of the Act as near as may] These are therefore to require you perfbnally to appear before me

at in the said [County, etcetera J on the

Day of # next, at the Hour of in the

noon, to answer to the said Complaint and Information made by the said 2?. F. who is likewise

directed to be then and there present to make good the fame. Herein fail not.

Given under my Hand ana Seal, this Day of one thousand seven

hundred

INFORMATION*.

ATiddlesex. T3E it remembered, That on the Day of one thousand

XJ' seven hundred A\ B. of in the said County, infbrmcth

and maketh Oath before me one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

said County, that of in the said County [Here describe the

Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the Act as near as may be] contrary to the Statute made in

the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for rHere ivfert the Title of the At7]

which hatn imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence.

Taken and 1 worn the Day of before me,

C.D.

FORM

