39 2

Corn g-owr» rr'

inv> ^ ne 1 out < f

. The i’ «i ’ *, n jt

so Ur; I by a

Purr fro an, to

f Shire Du-

ti s.

Other R^frs,

with R-hrmce

to the Table at

the bnJ.

Com rnifn oners

to fix like rc»-

fnnah:e Ra'cs on

/trades not spe-

cified in Table.

Merchant

Stranger to

pay treble the

R :te of a Htrtf-

mao exc-pt

whe-e otherwise

expieiT-d.

Conrmi(Ttorert

rrav appoint

P;aces fur the

lan-iing I’f ship-

ping of Goods.

Dn’y Of* C< *1%

Coke, and Cin-

der.

C. 45. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

t.) examine him upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) as to the Truth there-

of; and if it shall be made appear to them that there is any Fraud, Concealment, or wilful Error therein,

the Party offending shall be liable to the Payment of double the Sum endeavoured to be so' purloined (which

Sum the said two Com mi (Boners have hereby Power to ascertain); and the fame shall be recoverable by the

fame Meins as the original Half Share.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Corn, Grain, or Seeds, which shall be grown or imbarned

out of the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, or their Members, being not malted by a

Portsman, which shall be shipped in the said Harbour or Bay adjoining, on board of any Ship or Vellel

which shall belong to or harbour in the said Harbour of Mingate, shall pay Shire Duties; any Pretence

whntloever to the contrary notwithstatiding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Merchant or other Person whatsoever, who shall lade or

unlade, or import or export any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or other Article whatfo-

ever, within the said Harbpur of Alargate, or the Bay thereunto adjoining, shall pay towards the Pumofes

of this Act, over and above all other Rates and Duties to which the fame are by virtue of this Act, or

by any other Law liable, the several Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule at the End of

this Act:

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or the Commissioners for the Time being, or any five or more of them, to ascertain arid fix such reasonable

Rates and Duties, to be paid upon the lading or unlading, importing or exporting, of any Article or Com-

modity not specihed or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed, in Proportion to the

several Rates and Duties therein specihed, as they shall think fit;‘which Rates and Duties, when so fixed and

aieertained by the said Commissioners-, or the Commissioners for the Time being, shall be considered, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been elpccially enumerated in this Act, or in the said 'Fable or Sche-

dule hereunto annexed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles, and Commo-

dities, whether (pccified by Name in the said enumerated Lift or Schedule, or hereafter to be added thereto,

by virtue of the Power given to the Commissioners for that Purpose, every Alien or Merchant Stranger

shall nay treble the Sum therein charged to be paid by a Portsman for the fame Goods, Wares, Merchan-

dize, ^Articles, and Commodities, except only for such Articles or Things wherein it is or shall be expressly

laid down what Sum an Aiion or Merchant Stranger shall pay.

XXXV. 6 And whereas it will be very convenient, for the better levying of the several Rates and Duties

‘ hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things imported into the said Harbour

4 or Towm of Alargate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, that the fame shall only be landed or shipped

4 at such Place or Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose;’ be it further enacted, That the said Com-

miflior.ers, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to

dircbl and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, such particular Place or Places as they from Time to Time

fap; 11 think fit, for the landing or shipping of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things w’hich

shall be brought into the said Harbour, or Town, or Parish, out of or into any Ship, Vessel, or Boat lying

within the said Harbour or Bay o{Margate\ which Place or Places, for the landing or shipping of Goods,

(lull be marked cut by (bme proper Mark or Marks, or painted Board or Roads, to be nxed up for that

Purpose: And if, after such Place or Places shall have been so appointed by the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, and such Mark or Marks, or painted Board or Boards, fixed up as aforesaid, any

Person or Persons shall land or ship any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Things, except at the

Place or Places (o to be appointed for that Purpose, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit.and pay, for

every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVI. 4 And, for increasing the said Fund, and towards making the same sufficient to answer the Pur-

4 polls of this Abt,’ be it further enabled, That, in Addition to the several Duties and Impositions herein-

before mentioned, to be laid and imposed in lieu of the old Pier Droits, there shall be paid for all Sorts of

Coal, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, which, from and after the passing of this Abt, (had be imported or

brought into, landed, or delivered within, or carried through the said Town of Alargate, or any other Part

of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, or the said Harbour, or Bay adjoining, determined by way of Imposition

thereon, over and above all other Impositions and Duties due and payable for Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke,

or Cinder, by virtue of this Alt, or of any other Law or Statute now in force, according to the Rates

herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

- For such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or "Cinders, as are or shall or may be usually sold by the Chaldron,

for every Chaldron thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels WincheJier Measure, the Sum of one Shilling;

and (bin Proportion for any less Quantity than a Chaldron:

A.nd for nU such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, as are or shall be usually sold by the Ton, for

every Ton thereof, containing twenty Hundred Weight, the like Sum of one Shilling; and so in Propor-

tion for any Icis Quantity Sian a Ton,

Which several Rates, Duties, or Impositions, respectively, shall, from Time to Time, be paid to the said

Comm; dinners and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint,

as their Deputy Receiver or Receivers, to collect and receive the same: And they the said Commissioners,

and men Succc.tlrs, and such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint, as aforesaid, are

hereby audio* lid and impowered to demand, collebt, receive, and take, of and from the Masters and

Owners, MaftcFor Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Hoy,

Boat, or other Velicl, bringing in or laden with any of the Articles liable to piy any of the Duties or Impo-

fitions

