AD. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 23, 24. 417

‘ ' prohibit the Exportation to foreign Part*, of Took and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures Erporiationof

'of Ms Kingdom; and to prevent the [educing of Artificers or Tl'orkmrn employed in these Manufactures to go Tool* used ia

4 into Parts beyond the Seas which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which by another Act, made in the twenty-fevemh Year of the Reign of his present Mnjetty, was con- continued to the '

tinned until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further conti- End of the ne*c

nued until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. Session.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of soeo.t.c. iSv

the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandcjline running of Goods, continued ro

and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to fabject Copper Sept. 20,1795;J*

Ore of the Produ ction of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the *c- «*ce?t the

like Production aresubject, which was to be in force for two Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March aii shVp*

one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- )orm (v!ar^C

liament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to per- tine.

form Quarantine), was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an

A»Sl made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to

be further continued to the first: Day of June one thousand seven hundred an 1 fifty-four, but by Mistake, the

Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, instead of the said Year one thousand

seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the twenty-first, twenty-

fevwith, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the seventh, fourteenth, and

twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof,

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to

the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an A£hmade in the nineteenth of 2

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped i,9rJatc] io a*V

as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in force for lowing a Draw-

two Years from the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and which, by three b»ckJftheDu-

Acts, made in the twenty-first, twenty-fourth, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, on Rum

was further continued until the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall, from *,p£dr “mci-*

and after the passing of this Act, be revived; and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force chin/shi^Vc-

and Effect until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the Ti.ed.andcontr-

End of the then next Session of Parliament. sued to July 5.

1795.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so'much of an Act made in the twenty So much of

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in »7Gco. 3. c. 3T.

foreign JVines in their Possession at a certain Itme, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and duc^“’ }T,h^

for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and ^medofthe

taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometers, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, strength denoted

shall, upon Trial of any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in by Clarke’* Ky-

force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall, from and after the drometer, re.

passing of this Act, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Eft’ed vlvelj*ndtu011*

until the End of the next Session of Parliament, subject to such Alterations and Amendments as may be of t°hc

made by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. Session.

CAP. XXIV,

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation

of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on

the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the

committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws

relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

c \IT H £RE A S the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and bene- prearnwc#

V V fioial, and arc near expiringbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by #

and with the Advice and Confer* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the tame, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of *9Ceo. *.c. tj.

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Jo* trentin*

Species of British and I rim Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation offoreign Raw Linen SpeSeflf"

Tarns made of Flax, which said Act was by two* other Acts, made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the BrirffhVnd Irish

Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand Linen* exported,

seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which. &« continued to

by another Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until Jtt“8 M* l79°»

the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to die End

of the then next Session of Parliament! shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the tvfenty-

31 fourth

