A. D. *787. Anno vicesimo leptimo Georgii III. C. 13. (F.) 335

Glass, continued. /£•

made of common Bottle Metal, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Four

Shillings and One Farthing. — — — — — — —

Thefaid several Rates and Duties upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations for making

Glals to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calve Skins, Kips,

Hog$Skinsv Dogs Skins, and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, and of Sheep

Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be tanned ih Great Britain for Gloves and ilazils, and so in

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Halfpenny. — —1

for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Goat Skins which shall be tanned with Shomach, or

otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity, Four-pence. — — — — —*

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins which shall be tanned for Roans (being after

the Nature of Spanish Leather) in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity, Two-pence. — — — — — — —•

For every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins, and Parts and

Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein-before particu-

larly charged, and (o in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, Thirty

Pounds# — — — — — — — 30

The said several Rates and Duties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces

of Hides and Skins, which shall be so tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tanners

thereof respectively.

For all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal,

or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide, and so in Proportion for a greater or

lesser Quantity or Number of such Hides, One Shilling and Sixpence. — —

For and upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides of what Kind soever (those of Horses,

Mares, and Geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise

tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number

or Quantity, Three Shillings. — — — ——

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calve Skins, Kips, and Seal Skins, which shall be so

drefl'ed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for

any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Halfpenny. — — — li

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or

otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the Hair on, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Number or Quantity, Three Shillings. — — — —

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every

Dozcnof Dogs Skins which shall be tawed as afore said in GreatJ3ritain, and for every Dozen of Kid

Skins which shall be tawed in Great Britain (except such Kid Skins as paid the full Duty on the

Importation thereof), and so in Proportion (or any greater or lesser Number or Quantity, One

Shilling. — — — — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins (except such as paid the full Duty

on the Importation thereof) which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or be otherwise

tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain, and so in Proportion (of any greater or lesser Quantity,

For every Dozen of Goat Skins, and of Beaver Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and

Salt or Meal, or be otherwif • tawed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Number or Quantity, Two Shillings. — ~ — —' —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and LambSkins, which shall bedrefled in Allum

and S. It or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity, One Penny Farthing. — — — —

For every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins and Parts and

Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be tawed in Great Britain, (not herein-before parti-

cularly charged), and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, Thirty

The laid several Rates and Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of

Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Alluni and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in

Great Britain, to be paid by, such Persons who shall be the Tawers or Makers thereof into

Leather respectively.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Hides and Skins, and of all Deer Skins, Goat Skins,

and Beaver Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any

great r or lesser Quantity, Sixpence. — — —- — — [•*---6

For every Pound Vv eight Avoirdupois of Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in* Oil in Great Britain,

and (b in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight-pence. — — — — 8

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins which shall be f? dressed in OiHn Great Bri-

tain, and for every Pound W eight Avoirdupois of Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Oil in

Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Sheep Skins aivJ t

Lamb Skins respectively, Three-pence. — — — — |—

