474

Preamble*

From Aug. i,

I7SS, Ships

U’hich carried

Lumbrr, &r,

from Quebec to

the West Indies

the last Voyage,

to he permitted

to import, Duty-

free, into that

Province, a

Quantity of

Rum equal to

the Value of the

Lumber, &c. so

earned.

Ships carrying

Rum from the

West Indies to

the said Pro-

vince, and load-

ing there with

Lumber, &c. to

be permitted to

enter, Duty-free,

a Quantity of

Rum equal to

the Value of the

said Lumber, on

givi ig Bond as

herein mention*

«d.

Hurt tnd Lum-

ber to be valued

agreeable 'o the

annexed Sche-

dule.

Valuations in

the Schedule

mav be altered

by his Majesty

in Council*

C. 39. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D; 1788.

CAP. xxxix.

An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Majesty’s Colonies

or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec^ without Payment of

Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

WHEREAS, by an A<3 made and passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

a Duty of six Pence is impoled on every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be imported

4 or brought into any Part of the Province of Quebec, from any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the

4 IVeJi Indies: And whereas it would greatly tend to encourage a proper commercial Intercourse between

4 the said Province and the said Colonies, if Rum imported into the said Province in any Ship or Vessel

4 which shall carry from thence, and land in any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, a

4 Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, was exempt from Payment of the said Duty:*

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in

all Cafes where any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of the said Colonies in

the West Indies, shall be legally imported or brought into the said Province from any of the said Colonies, in

any Ship or Vessel which, in her last preceding Voyage, shall have carried to, and landed in, any of the said

Colonies, a Cargo of Lumber and Provisions, Horles or Neat Cattle, from the said Province, it shall and

may be lawful to admit to an Entry and land any Quantity of such Rum or Spirits, not exceeding in Value

the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, so carried and landed, without Payment of the

said Duty of six Pence per Gallon.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Cafes, where any Rum or other

Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of the said Colonies in the West Indies, shall be legally

imported or brought into the said Province from any of the said Colonies, in any Ship or Vessel which, in

her next clearing out from the said Province after such Importation, shall load with a Cargo of Lumber or

Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, in the said Province, and shall carry to, and land the fame in fame of

the said Colonies, it shall and may be lawful to admit to an Entry and land any Quantity of such Rum or

Spirits, not exceeding in Value the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, so loaded, with-

out Payment of the said Duty of six Pence per Gallon : Provided always, That the Owner or Owners of

such last-mentioned Ship or Vessel, which shall so as aforesaid have legally imported such Rum or other

Spirits, or in case of such Owner or Owners not residing in the said Province, the Master or Person hav-

ing or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veftel, together with one or more sufficient Sureties

residing within the said Province, shall, before such Rum or other Spirits shall be so admitted to an Entry

without Payment of the said Duty, give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be taken by the

two principal Officers of the Customs there, in the penal Sum of five hundred Pounds, with Condition tftat

the said Ship or Vessel shall, in her next clearing out from the said Province after such Importation, be

laden with a Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, equal in Value to the Rum or

Spirits so admitted to an Entry, without Payment of the said Duty as aforesaid ; and that the said Lumber

or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, shall be carried to, and landed in some of the said Colonies in the

West Indies.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Value of the Rum or other Spirits so

admitted to an Entry as aforesaid, and the Value of the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat

Cattle, so loaded as aforesaid in the said Province, shall respectively be ellimated and computed according to

the V aluations contained in the Schedule annexed to this AdL

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be

lawful for his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, by Order or Orders to be iflfusd and publuhed

from Time to Time, to alter the Valuations contained in the said Schedule whenever it shall appear

necessary or proper, upon any Representation or Report made by the Governor and Council of the Laid

Province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this Act.

Flour, 1 ft Sort,

2d Sort,

Biscuit

Wheat

Pease

Oats

Barley

Flax Seed

Potatoes

/• 5* d*

Sterling.

010 9 1

4 fJ

074V Per Cwt#

010 6 )

o

9

1

o

o

6,

Per Winchester

Buthel.

Fresh

