70

Cc m'Tpffione-i

of the I ulo.nl

n»ay crd- ! *y-

iiici.uif ihe f rs-

niimm.

Shifs perrrW»H

to Iji I to t »■ e la-I

of Good Hojje,

Rtflrifpyn* in

■Ucir Ccuifs.

"Sh’p* f-i in? to

l]»r EiH ot Good

H' pe, Zc. to

take 4 L:.<ence

ftnm the 1 i.oia

Company.

‘C n3t tonn

wh »th Tich Li-

c?«cm arc fu be

£ *t* (d.

SIvps fanin^ out

ot thrir limits,

.or having im-

prcpci Mrjchzn-

d ic on b.iaV,

liable to i l« l*c-

*i«*ltus of tr.d-

i» ?. to the lhft

lsv i*i without

Xicer.ee.

Ccrtificites to he

delivered to the

Secretary of the

F.aft India Com-

p.ny, that no

I'rodij<e of the

E It Ir d es has

fcten imported,

to intii)e to a

Premium*

C. 50. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case all and every the fevera®

Rules, Regulations, and Reftrifitions, prescribed and directed by this Act, Aiail have been observed and fully

complied with, it shall and may be lawful for the Comnffifioners of h:s Majesty’s Customs in England, or

any iour or more of them, 21.d the Conmnifioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, or any three or

more of them, to older the Receiver General of h<s Mrjifty’s Cutloms in England and Scotland receptively,

.to pay out of any Money in his Hands, anting by any Duties under their Management, to such Rerloii or

Pc rluiis as Anil te legally inti tied thereto, any of the Premiums herein before granted.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That *it shall and may be lawful for any

Ship or VefLl, employed in carrying cn the said Southern Whale Fnhery, to fail and pass for that Purpo:e

to the Eastward of the Crpe of Good Hope, and to the Well ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streighis of

Mo^than; any Law, Ullage, or Custom to the contrary notwith (Finding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Snip or V cflc! failing to the Eastward of the

Cope of Good Hope, for the Purpose atorvrfaid, shall not fail or pass to the Northward of thirty Degiecs of

South Latitude, nor make more than fifteen Dcgiees of Halt Longitude from the said Cape of Good Hope;

tnd that any Ship or V cfiii so fnlir.g or passing to the Weft ward of Cape Hon:or through the St r eight* of

A1 igduv:, for the Purpose aforesaid, 1 hall not p3ls to the Northward of the Equinoctial Line, nor make more

than fifty Degues of Weft Longitude from Cape Horn.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel employed in the fail Fishery,

and intending to fail or pass to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the Weft ward of Cepe Horn,

or through the Strcigl ts of Magellan:, shal), before (he shall proceed on her Voyage, be oblged to take a

Licence for each respective Voyage from the Court of Directors of the United Company of Mercnants

of England trading to the Erf Indies, for the Time being, in the Name and under the Seal of the said

Company, specilying which of the said Voyages such Ship shall be lioenfed to perform, and such Licence

Audi be valid and effectual only for the Voyage therein expressed; and the said Court of Directors shall not

be required to grant any Licence to pass to the Eastward of the Cape of GoodHot>e% to more than ten Shi

or Vclltls in any one Year or Season, nor to grant any Licence to any Ship or VefLl to fail or pass to the

Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the Person or Persons applying for, or demanding such Licence,

An il deliver to the said Court of Directors a Manifest or Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or

Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs belonging to the Port or Place from whence such Ship

or Vessel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the Oath of the Owner or Owners, or the Master of

such Ship or Vessel, taken bdoie and attclled by any Magistrate, or other Person authorised by Law to

take Affidavits, specifyir.g the Names and Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners, and Master of the

laid Ship, and also the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all Goods then on board of such Ship or

Vessel, and of all Goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of the fame, before her

Departure outwards; and also unless it shall, by such Manifest or Certificate, appear unto the said Court of

Directors, that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever (save and except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel,

and the Tackle, Materials, and other Things necessary for the Purpose of the Voyage) are taken, or in-

tended to be taken into or on board of such Ship or Vessel.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel to be employed in the said Southern Whale

Fishery, to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Weft ward of Cape Horn, shall proceed to go

beyond the Limits herein before specified or expressed, unless driven or forced beyond the fame by Stress of

Weather, or other inevitable Accident, or being so driven or forced, shall not return back within the Limits

herein before prescribed, with as much convenient Speed as the Safety of the Ship or other Circumstances

will admit; or if any Ship or Vessel shall depart from any Port or Place without having first obtained such

Licence as aforesaid, and shall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or beyond the Streights of

Magellan, or in any other Place within the Limits of the said Company’s exclusive Trade; or if any Ship

or VeffLl, being so licensed to proceed to the Eifliery beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall have on board,

or shall take on board before her Return, any Manufactures, Goods, or Merchandize, other than and ex-

cept such as Hull have been specihed and described in and by such Manifest or Certificate, and other than

and except the Oil, Head Matter, or Bone of Whales, or oilier Eilh or Creatures caught or taken in car-

rying on the said Eifliery, every such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects on hoard

the fame, and the Owner and Owners, Master and Crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents

and Purposes, to be subject to the several Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Act or

Acts made or imposed upon any Person or Persons, or their Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, and

Fftcdls, who Anil repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or tra trick, trade, or be found in the East Indies, or

other Place or Places within the Limits of tlu said United Company’s exclusive Trade, without Licence

having been first obtain,ed from the said Company; and the Offenders shall and may be sued and pfofecuted,

and the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred flia 11 and may be recovered in any Court of Justice in Great Bri-

tain, or in the East Indies, wherein Suits may be instituted and brought for Offences committed against the

said Adh, or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days next after the

Return of any Ship or Vessel from a Fishing Voyage to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, the Master

of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Secretary of the said United Company,

for the Use of the said Court of Directors, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or Comptroller,

or other Chief Officer of the Customs belonging to the Port or Place where the said Ship or Vessel shall

arrive, verified by the Oath of the said Master, taken before and attested by any Magistrate or other Person

authorised by Law to take Affidavits, that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever of the Growth, Produce,

or Manufacture of «ny Place or Places in the East Indies, Chinct, or elsewhere between the Cape of Good

Hope

