44® C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

U\& Month of October,

»nJ Tcrifj it on Oath*

J iftice* to fipn the Lift,

which is to br k*pt

■ morgft ;hs I curry Re-

cord' } and lerk of the

Peace to del;vcr a Copy

to the Sheriff with n a

M< n:h ; and by October

24, 1788, r q jire the

King’s Printer o fend

him a fuss»<i?ir Number

cf Rrgiflers, &c.

Clerk of the Peace to

m ke aitefted • o.?ie« of

the Lift ah>refaid, on

bring piid I d. for 30

Word*.

Just ice; may amend

Lift , and direct the

1 Clerk f 'he Peace to

fend a Register to any

Parish mined in the

Lift.

Deputy to the Clerk of

the Peace may ati for

him*

F.xre 'cea irfurred by

the King’s Prime*-, or

Clerk of he P a r, to

be paid out of the Coun-

ty Rate.

Clerk of the Peace’s Ex-

pe-'C-s to tc let- led at

the Quarter belhons,

See.

Frrtm July i«, T^qo,

the Re'urnir.g Offic-Pl

Oath r.ot to be admi-

Aifteicd,

nor the Freeholders

Oath i

•nd 10 Geo. 3. e. 17,

as far as relate* to h lec-

tion of M mbersof Par-

liament, 10 be repealed;

' as also 18 Geo.i. e. 18.

as far as rel.itei to difa-

Ming Per for* from vot-

ing for MelTuagea which

have n'lt been afteflVd

towards the Land Tax,

Second Hi /bind* may

trote in Right of*thsir

Wiv^s Dower, thin. gM

•otfet out by Bounds.

of the Peace which shall be held for such County (Riding or Division) in the said Month of October one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and shall then and there declare upon Oath before the said Justices

(or upon foleinn Affirmation, if he shall be one of the People called Quakers) that the said Lift is, to the

beftofhis Knowledge, Information, and Belief, a true Lift of the several Distrids within such County

i Riding or Division), for which a separate and distinct Collector, or separate and distinct Collectors, of the

-»arid Tax is or are then appointed ; and the said Justices shall then fi^n such Lift, and the fame shall be

carefully preserved amongst the Records of such County ; and an exact Copy of such Lift shall be made by

the said Clerk of the Peace, and shall (within one Calendar Month) be by him delivered unto the Sheriff

of such County ; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Lid

Month of October one thousand seven*hundred and eighty-eight, require the King’s Printer in London to

provide and to send to him a Number of Registers that shall be equal to the Number of Distrids contained

in the Lift aforesaid, and also one additional Register for every ten Districts contained in the said Lift (in

order to supply the Register keepers with new Registers in the Cafes herein-before mentioned) ; and every

Clerk of the Peace shall afterwards from Time to Time apply to the King’s Printer for such Number of

new Registers (made in Manner aforesaid) as Occasion may require; and every Clerk of the Peace shall

make an attested Copy of the Lift afor said for any Person who shall demand the fame, such Person paying

for such Copy (at the Time the fame shall be demanded) at the Rate of one Penny for every thirty Words

contained in such Lift ; and if any Parfth (or District) shall be omitted in the original Lift aforesaid, it Quit

and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peac?, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County

(Riding or Division), upon such Fact being proved to them upon Oath, and they are hereby required to

came inch Lift to be amended, by inferring therein the Name of such Parish (or District) ; and the said

Justices shall order the Clerk of the Peace to fend a Register as aforesaid to the Person hereby authorised to

ad as Register-keeper for such Parish (or District).

XXVlli. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Matters and Things by this

Ad required to be done or performed by any Clerk of the Peace aforesaid, may also be legally done and per-

foirned by the lawful Deputy of such Clerk of the Peace ; and in case of the Illness or Absence of any such

Clerk of the Peace, the lawful Deputy of such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to act as Clerk of the

Peace with respeci to all Matters and Things by this Act directed to be done.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such necessary Expences as shall

or may be incurred by the King’s Primer as aforesaid, or by any such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in

or by the cairyingof this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by such respediye County out

of the County Rate, as also all other reasonable Charges which shall be made by any such Clerk of the

Peace, on account of the Trouble which he shall or may have had in the carrying of this Act into Exe-

cut:on, and the Amount of such Expences and Charges of any such Clerk of the Peace shall be settled

and allowed by the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and in such of the Counties

aforesaid, in which there are or may be separate and distinct Rates for different Ridings, or other Di-

visions of such Counties respectively, the said Expences or Charges shall be borne'and defrayed out

of such respective Rates, in such respective Shares and Proportions as such respective Ridings, or other

Divisions of such County, shall then pay (or shall then bit have paid) towards the Land Tax of such

County.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Oath commonly called The Returning Officer's Oath, pre-

Icribed by an Act made and passed in the second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parlia-

ment, shall not be administered at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the.Shire to serve in Parliament

for any County aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Oath commonly called The Freeholder's Oath, pre-

fenb d by an Act made and passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, in-

tituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parlia-

ment for that Part cf Great Britain called England, shall not be administered at any Election of any Knight

or Knights of the Shire to serve in Par.lament for any County aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Act in«de and passed in the twentieth Year of his present

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County

Elections, shall be and is hereby repealed, as far as the said Act relates to the Election of any Member or

Members to serve in Parliament

XXX III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all such Parts of the above mentioned Act, made and

passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (and all such Parts of any other

Act or Acts of Parliament) as dodifabie any Person to vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of

the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid, in respect, or in Rig it, of any .Vlefluages, Lands,

or Tenements, which shall not have been charged or alitiied towards a Land Fax, shall be, and the feme

are hereby repealed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Woman, the Widow

of any Person who was Tenant in Fee or in Tail, (hull be entitled to Dower, or Thirds, by the Com-

mon Law, out 0/ the Freehold Estate of which her Husband died seised or possessed, and shall intermarry

with

D ’ tized by foozle

