A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 4.0.

Courts before whom the fame shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge,

Justice, or Court, before whom the fame shall be tried or heard, shall certify on the Record or other Pro-

ceedings, that there was a probable Cause for the Prosecutor’s seizing the said Goods, Ship, Boat, or. other

Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage; and in such Cafe the Defendant shall not be intitled to any Costs of Suit

whatsoever, nor shall the Persons who seized the said Goods, Ship, Boat, Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Car-

riage, be liable to any Action, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure ; and in case any

Action, or other Suit or Prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to Trial or Hearing 3gainst any Per-

son or Persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such Goods, Ship, Boat, Vessel, Horse, Cattle,

or Carriage, where no Information shall be commenced or brought to Trial to condemn the fame, and a

Verdiftor Sentence shall be given upon such Action or Prosecution, against the Defendant or. Defendants,

if the Court or Judge before whom such Action or Prosecution may be brought shall certify in like Manner

as aforesaid, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, befldes his Goods, Ship,

Boat, Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled to above two

Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one

Shilling.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations in this Act

contained, except where the Time for Commencement thereof is otherwise in this Act fixed and provided for,

shall commence from and after the following Periods; videlicet, In respect to Ships or Vessels coming from

any Part of Europe, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Deceinber one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

fix; in respect to Ships or Vessels coming from any Part of Africa or America, from and after the twenty-

ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and in respect to Ships and Vessels

coming from Asia, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight.

4 XXXIII. And whereas, by an Ail of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of his Maj fly's Revenue of Cti/loms; and for the

4 Encouragement Officers mating Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandeJUne Running 'of Goods into

4 any Part of his MajeJlfs Dominions), it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be law-

4 fill to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs to cause all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and all

4 Goods, of what Kind soever they maybe (excepting only such Vessels, Boats, and Goods as are by Law

4 liable to be burnt), which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs for unlawful Importation, or for

4 Nonpayment of Duties, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, and condemned, according to Law, to be

4 fold publicity to the Left Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper: And

4 whereas* by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for

4 granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and

4 making perpetual} an Act pajfedin the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second

4 (intituled, 44 An Act for the betterfecuringand encouraging the trade of bit Mayfly s Sugar Colonies in Ame-

44 rica),” for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards

4 defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explain-

4 ing an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, ( intit uledy An Act for

44 toe Encouragement of /ta Greenland aft land Trades, and for the betterJecuring the Plantation Trade)

4 and for altering anaiifallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually pre-

4 venting the clandeJUne Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and

'fettering the Trade between the fame and Great Britain) ; it is, amongst other Things, enabled. That all

4 Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by that or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade

4 and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, which shall be incurred there, shall and

4 may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty, in the

4 said Colonies or Plantations where such Offence mall be committed, or in the Court of V ice Admiralty*

4 which may or shall be appointed over all America; which Court of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, are

4 thereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame, at the Election of

4 the Informer or Prosecutor; but the said last recited Act not having given any Directions by whom Ships

4 and Goods so seized and prosecuted in the said British Colonies or Plantations shall be fold, after the Con-

4 demnation thereof, and it being expedient that the fame should be fold, by the Officers of his Majesty’?

4 Revenue, in like Manner as they are fold ii> Great Britain: I11 order, therefore, to obviate any Doubts

4 that have arisen or may arise in such Cafes,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all Ships and

Vessels, ahd all Goods, of what Kind soever they may be, which shall be seized in nurfuance of any Act or

Acts made in Great Britain, relative to the Trade and Revenue of the said British Colonies or Plantations,

and which shall be condemned there, in any Court having Jurisdiction to try and determine the fame, shall

be sold by publick Auction to the best Bidder, at the Custom-house, by the Collector and Comptroller, or

other principal Officer of the Customs, for the Bland, Colony, or Plantation* in whose Custody such Ship,

Vessel, or Goods shall be lodged and secured ; and the Produce of such Sale shall be accounted for and ap-

plied by such Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, according to Law, sub-

jest to the Orders and Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any four

or more of them; any Law, Custom, or Ufoge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

*6 Geo. HI.

G

CAP.

- 41

shall appear to

hate been pro-

bable Gause for

such Stizure,

the Defendant

shall not be in-

titled to CoiU,

*c.

Commencement

of this A

Recital of j Gc*

3. c. s*.

4 Geo, j. e. 15.

Fiom Sept. 19,

1786, all Vef- ‘

fell and Goods

seized and con*

demn«d in the

British Colonies

in America,

shall be fold

there by publick

Auction.

