202

Certificate* and

Receipts, when

enrolled, to dif-

charge Purchas-

ctl from Consi-

deration Morey,

Certificate', See,

to be enrolled at

the Expence of

the Partie?, for

which futh Fee*

•re to be pa;d as

the Commission-

era Shall direct,

&c,

If Consideration

Money exceed

101. the Certifi-

cate to be then

•a a Stamp, 5cc,

If Certificate be

not precured,

and Confidtra-

tion Money paid,

&c. in 14 Day*,

Contrails to be

foid, dec.

Monte* paid into

the Bank to be

laid out io the 3

per Cent. Cnn-

foh, and the ln«

terest paid as di-

relled by the

Treasury.

Person* receiving

any Part of the

Land Revenue

who Shall not ob-

tain a Quietus

before Aug. 1,

j~&7, to deliver

their Accounts

to the Com mi f-

fio^ert to be li-

quidated.

C. 87. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

Which said Certificates and Receipts, being enrolled as aforesaid, (bail effectually discharge the said Purchasers*

or other Persons to whom the fame shall.be so given and granted, of and from the Purchase and Consideration

Money therein respectively expressed ; and such Purchases or other Persons shall never afterwards beliable to,

or called upon, sued, troubled, molelicd, or queltioned, for or in respect of such Purchase or Consideration

Money, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That the Certificates and Receipts hereby directed to be given, shall

be made forth and enrolled at the Fxpenco of the Persons intitled to or requiring the fame, for which Certi-

ficate such Fees shall be paid (excluhvciy of the Expence of Stamps, Parchment, and enrolling) as the said

Commissioners shall direct and cltabhdi, in Proportion to the Value of the Rent to be sold, so that no greater

Fee be paid for any one Certificate than twenty Shillings ; and if the Certificate be for more Rents than one,

a further Fee shall be paid for every Rent, not exceeding one-fourth of the Fee taken for the highest Rent

included in the fame Certificate ; which said Fees Shall be received by, and dirtributed amongst, the Officers

and Clerks of the said Commissioners, in such Manner and Proportion as they shall dircdl; and the like Fees

as aforesaid, and no more, shall,be taken by, and paid to, the Auditor ol the Land Revenue, for the Enrol-

ment of the said Certificates and Receipts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That where the Consideration Money contracted to be paid for

any Purchase or Discharge whatsoever, authorised to be made by this Act, shall exceed the Sum of

ten Pounds, the Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be written on Parchment, stamped or noti-

fied with such a Stamp Duty as is required by Law for the common Conveyances of Lands, and no

other Stamp shall be requisite for the Cashier’s Receipt for such Consideration Money; and where such

Consideration Money shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the said Certificates shall or 'may be writ-

ten on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law be requisite for the Cashier’s

Receipts.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further ena^cd. That if any Person or Persons, with whom the said

Commissioners shall contrail for any of the Premifts by this Ati authorised to be sold, discharged, or extin-

guished, shall neglect to procure and lue forth the Commissioners Certificate of his, her, or their Con-

tract, orshall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect

to enroll such Certificate, and the Cashier’s Receipt for the said Money, with the Auditor of the Land

Revenue, according to the Directions of this Act, for the Space of fourteen Days, to^e computed from

the Day on which such Contract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and Void, and

the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners shall,

for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Enrolment, order the said Certificate

to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, they arc hereby authorised to order

accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be paid into

the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be laid out, by the Order

of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, in the Purchase of three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annui-

ties, in the Names of the said Commissioners, in which Name the Governor and Company of toe Bank of

England are hereby authorised and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds or

Stock so to be purchased, and such T ransfers to be accepted by the Commissioners appointed by tins Act,

for and in the Name of The Lord High Trctfurer of England, and the said Conuniiiimiers are hereby re-

quired to accept the fame accordingly ; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be pjicnaied and ac-

cepted, shall remain inverted in the Name of The Lord High Trctjurer, or The Comuiftraers for executing

the Ofce cf Lord High Treajurer, for the Time being, and shall not be transferred or rransterrable wiment

the Authority of Parliament; but all the Intcrert of the 1'aid Annuities or yearly Dividends (halt be from Time

to Time paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be ap-

pointed to receive the lame, by Warrant or Power of .Attorney under the Hand and beal of the Lord High

Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the i ime being, and (ha!!, by force and virtue of

this Act, be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, and shall be from

Time to Time answered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the lame Ules and Purposes

as the Land Revenues of the Crown now are or would lu renter have been liable to have been applied and ap-

propriated, in case this Act had not been made.

4 XXL And, for the Furtherance and more perfect Accomplifirnent of the Purposes of this Act,’ be it fur-

ther enacted, That all and singular Persons, who, by virtue of any Office or Employment by them held

under the Crown, have been intruded, lince his Majesty’s Accession, With the Receipt of any Monies arising

by Rents of his Majesty’s Lands, or by Fines of the lame, or by any of the said (mail Branches of Reve-

nues beiore mentioned (Sherifi's only excepted), oruith Money arising by Sale of any of his Majesty’s

Woods or Timber in England or Wales, and whose several and rclpective Accounts have not been declared

and H'th'tus eft obtained thereon, or shall not be so declared before the tint Day of Aug eft one thousand seven

hundred and'eighty-seven, and ;.lfn the Heirs, Representativcs, and Sureties of any such Persons intruded as

aforesaid, and now dccealed, whose Accounts are depending and unfcttled, and who shall not, within the

Tfime aforesaid, procure such Accounts of the deceased Accomptants to be made up and declared in due

Form of Law, shall, and they are hereby federally enjoined and required to deliver such respective Accounts

of their Receipts and Expenditure, with their Vouchers for the fame, unto the said Commissioners appointed

by this Act, who ih ill thereupon proceed to take such Order and Course as they shall think fit for the doling,

adjurting, and liquidating the fame Accounts, by or before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, in whole

Charge and Audit such unsettled Accounts may happen to be respectively ; and if any Default shall be made

