A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 49, 50.

ecution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in

that Behalf, by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any of them,

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued,

raolefted, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or

their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgment

shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs awarded him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP.L

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers>

Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 W 7 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, have

4 resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein-after mentioned ;* and do most humbly

belecch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one

thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the

Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and

Duties following; (that is to say,)

For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing Publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrence, printed

in Great Britain to be difperied or made publick, whether the fame be contained in Half a Sheet, or any less

Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every

Sheet and Half Sheet thereof, there shall be charged, over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act

of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Halfpenny:

For every Advertisement, to be contained in or published with any Newspaper or Pamphlet whatsoever,

printed in Great Britain to be dispersed or made publick, over and above all other Rates and Duties already

imposed thereon, there shall be charged an additional Duty of Sixpence:

For every Pack of Playing Cards, made fit for Sale or (Jfe in Great Britain, over and above the Duties

now payable thereon, the Sum of Sixpence:

And for and upon every Pair of Dice, made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, over and above the Du-

ties now payable thereon, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: Such respective Duties to be paid by the

Makers of such Cards and Dice respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* for the mors effc Aual levying, collecting,

and paying all the said Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under fire Government, Care, and

Management of the Commissioners for the 1 ime being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered

to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Pumofe, and to cause such new Stamps to be

provided, to denote the Paid several additional Duties, as (nail be requisite in that Behalf, and to do

all oth$r Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in execution, with relation to the said several

Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major

Part of them are authorised to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Paper, or Cards,

or Dice.

ill. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multi-

plication of Stamps or Marks upon Newspapers, and upon Cards and Dice^ on which several Duties are, by

several Acts of Parliament, imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of distinct

Stamps or Marks to denote the several Duties on the said Newspapers, and on Cards and Dice charged

therewith, to cause, if they fee Occasion, one new Stamp to be provided to denote the former Duties, and also

the Duties granted by this Act, on every such Newspaper, and upon every Pack of Playing Cards and Pair

of Dice, charged with the said several Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper, liable to the Duties hereby

charged on Newspapers, shall, before the fame shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the

Head Office for (lamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by them-

selves or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand made by any Person or Per-

sons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Paper as shall be

^ brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons lb bringing the lame paying to the Receiver General of the

Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the several Duties payable for the fame by virtue

of this Act.

553

Execution of

this A$.

General I flue.

Treble Costs*

Preamble.

From Aug, t,

1789, the fol-

lowing addi-

tional Duties to

be levied, vis.

On every News-

paper one Half-

penny t

On every Ad-

vertifemeot in a

Newspaper or

Pamphlet, 6d.

On every Pack

of Cards, 6d.

And on every

Pair of Dice,

at. 6d.

Duties to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissionera

of Stamps*

who may pro-

vide oncf Stamp)

to denote the

former and the

additional Du-

ties.

Paper liable to

the Duty, to be

stamped before

printed upon.

