The TITLES of

those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers*

in Cities* Corporations, and Borough Towns, whofl*

Ad mi (Sons have been omitted to be stamped acco ding

to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loll or

mifkid, and for allowing them l ime to provide Adinif-

iions duly stamped; to give further Time to iiich Persons

as have omitted to make and hie Affidavits of the Execu-

tion or Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors,

or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of

Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying

Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have

neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications

to the Clerks of the Peace within the Lime limited by

Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

41. An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Money, by way of

Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorthip,

in Clailes.

42. An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds

out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the

forfeited Etlates in North Britain, towards completing

and fintshing the Bridge over the Pees or Paj's of Cock-

burr faith, in the County of Berwick.

43. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an

Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his

pretent Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing,

and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of

Greenock; far [applying the Inhabitants with fresh and

whcUjome Pl ater; and for paving, clearfing, lighting, and

watching the Streets and other publick Places within the

said Town.

44. An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets,

publick Passages, and Places, with the Town of Chehnf-

fad, and Hamlet of Mouljham, in the Parish of Chclmf-

fad, in the County of Essex; and for cleansing, lighting,

and watching the said Town and Hamlet; and for remov-

ing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and In-

croachments therein.

45. An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited

Time, an Ac* made in the last Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for discontinuing, fa a limited Time, the

several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low IVines and

Spirits, and upon I Torts, JTash, and other Liquors there

itfed in the Disiillation of Spirits, and for granting to his

Mai fly other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better Regu-

lating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from Eng-

land to Scotland, and front Scotland to England; and to

continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to difeon-

4* tinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties

44 upon Low IVines and Spirits for Home Consumption ;

44 and for granting and feeur ing the due Pay?nent of other

44 Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of

44 the making and vending British Spirits; and for dfeoti-

44 tinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impo/ls and Duties

44 upon Rum and Spirits imported from the Well Indies

and to revive and continue the said last-mentioned Act.

46. An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroy-

ing Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any

Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Imple-

ments prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

47. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for

the Parish of Saint James, JVejhninJler, and erecting a

Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Refi-

fidence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

4S. An Act for cgnftituting the Church of Saint Giles, in

the Parish of Pont frail, in the County of York, the Parish

Church; and for other Purposes,

the STATUTES.

49. An A it for granting to his Majesty several additional

Rates and Duties upon Hoifes and Carriages with four

Wheels; ami for explaining and amending an Act passed

in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as

relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheel$,

therein mentioned.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Stamp Duties on New/papers, Advertisements, and on

Cards and Dice.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Stamp Duties on Probates of Wilis, Letters of AdminL

stration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share

of a Perional Estate divided by force of the Statute of

Distributions.

52. An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners

for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of

Great Britain.

53. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the

Newfoundland, Gret aland, and Southern Whale Eilheries.

54. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of

the Alantfadures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

55. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned,

relative to the better Encouragement of the making of

Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of

the Silk Manufactures; and for taking oft' several Duties

on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to

the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the

prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad,

and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain;

to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth,

and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the

prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and

Vplvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon

the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to

the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils

made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

Kingdom, and to prevent the inducing of Artificers and

Workmen, employed in those Mantaclures, to go into

Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the

Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

56- An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in

the last Session Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulat-

ing the Trade between the Subjects of his Mayfly's Co-

ionics and Plantations in North America, and in the Weft-

India Ifands, and the Countries belonging to the United

States of America; and between his Alajcjty's said Subjects

and the foreign Ifands in the West Indies.

57. An Act for further regulating the Trade or Bufinefe of

Pawnbrokers.

58. An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Im-

portation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also

for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the

Importation of-Rape Seed.

59. An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas ex-

ported to the Islands of Gucrnjey and fey fey, and to Gib-

raltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, and

to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland

or At tin ica.

60. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the

Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by

the Eqjl-India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

61. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying

a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Ser-

vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

x: a . aiaej

