94 C. 58, 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

his Majesty’s Royal Assent; and shall take place and have Commencement in and throughout the Eeft

Indies, and Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade granted to the said Company, from the first Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all charitable Donations, for the Benefit

of Poor Persons, in the, several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain

called England.

Preamble. 4 T T 7 HERE AS it is proper that the Legislature, who are directing Inquiries into the State and Condi-

4 VV tion of the Poor, should be informed of the several charitable Donations for the Lfe and Benefit of

4 boor Persons ; which Information cannot be effectually obtained without the Aid and Assistance of Par-

* liamem:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, LY.

44 Printed Copies of this Act to be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, to be distributed amongst the

44 High Constables, &c. Returns made by the Ministers and Churchwardens lobe transmitted to the Cleric

44 of the Parliaments. High Constables, or other proper Officers, to receive Acts and Schedules from the

44 Clerks of the Peace, and deliver them to the Julliccs, who are to appoint a Meeting for the Attendance

44 of Ministers and Churchwardens with Returns to the Schedule. High Constables, OY. to deliver Sche-

44 dules and Copies of the Act to. the Ministers, to receive (at the Meeting of the Justices) their An-

44 fwers, and transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace. Ministers, CY. at such Meeting to give in a writ-

44 ten Return upon Oath. Justices to receive Returns, bY. and-administer an Oath to the Minlfter, Cfr.

44 Ministers, l5c. liable to Penalty for Neglect:. Act to be read at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions

44 wherever holden, and in every Parish Church the Sunday next after July 31, 1786. P&rfons not making

44 a Discovery of Lands or Money in their Hands, left for charitable Purposes, prior to Sept. 30, 1786, to

44 forfeit a Sum equal to one Half the Value thereof, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other to his Ma-

4< jessy. Fees to be allowed for each Return, viz. To the Clerk of the Peace, 1 s. ; High Constable, &c.

44 1 s. 6d.; Justice’s Clerk, 6 d. Penalties tabe recovered by Distress, one Half to be paid to the Informer,

44 and the other to be applied in Aid of the Rates. Persons making false Oaths liable to the Penalties of

44 corrupt Perjury.”

' QUESTIONS in the SCHEDULE, to which ANSWERS are to be returned,

Question iff.—What charitable Donations have been given by Deed or Will, for the Benefit of poor

Persons, within your Parish [or Place] ; by whom, when, in what Manner, and for what particular rur-

pose, were they given, to the best of your Knowledge, Information, and Belief?

d^ueftion 2d.—Were the said respective Donations in Land or Money; in whom are they now veiled,

and what is the annual Produce thereof respectively, to the best of your Knowledge, Information, and

Belief?

CAP. L1X.

An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting

New Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners

of Excise.

Preamble. 4 T T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Recital of 4 V V the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all (Vines

*8 Geo. 2. c. 9} « imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in ALanner

4 therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties, it was enacted, That, from and after the

4 twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-five, over and above all Subsidies of

4 Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies and Impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines

4 imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised, le-

4 vied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefTbrs (before landing thereof), the addi-

4 tional Impositions, Kates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards, or Draw-

4 back upon the Exportation afterwards ; (that is to say). For every Ton of French Wine which should be

4 imported into this Kingdom, the Sum or eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or Idler

4 Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four

4 Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Ouantity: And also by another Act, made in the third

4 Year of the Reign of'his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

«. ja; an « Duties upon IVines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon au Cyder and Ferry ; and for raising

4 the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on

4 the said Duties, it was enacted, That, from and after the thirty-first Day of Martjo one thousand seven

4 hundred and sixty-three, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies

4 additional

