A.D. 1786, Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C; 107. 225

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any two or more Deputy Lieutenants

shall at any of their Subdivision Meetings receive Information, or shall suspect, that any Person whose Name

is inserted in any List, and described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice, in order to

avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Per-

fons as they shall think neceflkry, to appear before them at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and

to examine such Persons upon Oath; and in case it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent, in order to

avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to appoint such Person fb

fraudulently bound Apprentice, to serve as a Militia Man for the Par.ifh, Tything, or Place for which

such Lift (nail have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy; and if there shall be no Vacancy at that

Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen; and the Person to whom such Apprentice shall have

been so bound shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the People called Quaker!)

shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall refule or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath and

serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath,

and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then, and in every such Cafe, any two

or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide

and hire a fit Person to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker, and such Substitute shall take the said Oath,

and subscribe his Consent to serve in the Militia, for the same Term, and on the fame Conditions, as is herein

before directed in the Cafe of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and any two or more De-

puty Lieutenants may, and are hereby authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to

defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any),

after deducing the Charges of such Distrds and Sale ; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker

can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Deputy

Lieutenants, that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful

for such Deputy Lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without BaQ

or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such

Deputy Lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid ; and in case any Mealures shall

be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be

lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting, who are hereby im-

powered and required to hear and finally determine the fame.

XXXV I. And be it further enacted, That where any Rate shall have been made for the providing of

Volunteers, according to the Directions of this Act, and the Churchwardens or Overseers shall make Com-

Klaint to a Justice of the Peace, that any Quaker refuses to pay the Sum or Sums of Money he or they shall

e rated at, such Justice shall order such Costs and Charges to be paid for levying such Distrefe as he shall

think reasonable, not exceeding ten Shillings on each of the said Quakers, where there are no more than

two, and where there are a greater Number than two, not exceeding five Shillings on each of the said

Quakers : Provided always. That no Mafi shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a Quaker, within the

Meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants, at feme of their Subdivision

Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers, being of the People

called Quakers, acknowledging such Man to be one of their Persuasion.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieu-

tenants, assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is

unable, by reason of any Infirmity, or is not of the full Height of five Feet four Inches, or is otherwise

unfit for the Service, and is not foiled or possessed of an Estate in Land, Goods, or Money, of the clear Va-

lue of one hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of such Estate, such

Deputy Lieutenants shall, and are hereby impowered and required todischarge such Person, and immediately

to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person

to be chosen in his Stead by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and

inrolled* shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the

Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which such Militia Man shall belong, together with any

two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County; Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or

Independent Company belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall then be

within the (a»8: County, Riding, or Place, or for the Commanding Officer only, if the said Regiment, Bat-

talion, or Independent Company shall be absent therefrom, to discharge any Militia Man of his Regi-

ment, Battalion, or Independent Company ; but another Man shall not be ballotted for, in the Room of

such Militia Man so discharged, until such Discharge. shall be confirmed under the Hands of two or more

Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was

inrolled.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That when any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the

Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the Militia,

or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court-martial, the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be

filled'up by a fresh Ballot for a Militia Man to serve according to the Provisions of this Act, except as is

herein before excepted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, at their several

Subdivision Meetings, shall, and they are hereby required to ballot for Militia Men in the Room of all Mi-

s6 Geo. III. Gg litja

Pftfo/u fiaodu-

lemly b und

Apprentice, li-

able to serve, and

the M after to

forfeit to 1. J

Two Deputy

Lieutenants may

provide Substi-

tutesforQu alters,

and levy the

Expence by

Distress, Sec.

Justices may

order Payment

of the Costs of

levying by Dif-

tress, where

Quakers refus«

to pay Raid.

Petforts unfit (

serve, when

chosen may be

discharged by

the Deputy

Lieutenant*,

Perf-rw becom-

ing unfit to serve,

may be discharg-

ed by the Com-

manding Ofticer;

which Discharge

mud be confirm-

ed by two Dep.

Lieutenants.

Vacancies occs-

fioned by Death

See. to be filled

up by a freflj

Ballot.

At Suhdivifi 'n

Meet ngJ, Men

to be balloilfd

