•

A..D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 25, 26.

( a fourth in the Mull of Kin tyre; and from and after the Time such Light-houses should be finishecJ, in

4 such Manner as to have the proper Lights or Signals put up therein, to demand, collect, receive, and take,

1 troni the Mi tiers and Owners of every British Ship, or decked Veil'd, navigated according to Law, passing

4 any of the Lid Light-houses, a Sum not exceeding one Penny Sterling per Ton, and for every foreign Ship

4 or decked Veil’d, passing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding two Pence Sterling per Ton : And the ftid

4 Commissioners were im powered to borrow, or take up at 1 mere {I, any Sum or Sums of Money, nor tx-

4 cccding one thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the said Duties, for answering the

4 Expences of making the Lid Works: And whereas the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said A:f,

4 and the Trulls repoled in them, have now erected one Light house at Kinnaird's Hea l, which proves of

4 great public Lt hty, and arc proceeding to erect the three others ; but as the Money allowed by the said

4 Act to be raised and tr.kca up, and the Duties authoris'd to be levied, collected, and taken, on the Ton-

4 nage of Ships or Vessels passing the said Light-houses, will not be sufficient to defray the Expences of

4 hriishing, completing, and maintaining the fame:9 May it therefore please your M ijesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said CominifTioners, or any five or more of

them, or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, .in lieu of the Ducks by the said Add granted, to

demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from all and every the Mailers and Owners of every Ship or

decked VcfTei, the Sums following ; that is to say, From every British Ship or decked Vessel, navigated ac-

cording to Law, which shall pass any of the said Light-houses, whether the said Ship or Vellel shall be out-

went or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or failing Coastways, a Sum not exceeding one Penny

Halfpenny Sterling per Ton, of such Ship or Veiled ; and for every foreign Ship or decked Veil’d, patting as

aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding three Pence Sterling per Ton, of such Ship or Vessel.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered, as soon as two of the said Light-houses

are built and lighted in a proper Manner, and after one Month’s Notice given in the London Gazette, and

all the Edinburgh Newspapers, to demand, collect, receive, and take one Half of the said Duties ; any

Thing in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to the contrary notwith-

standing.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall be, and they are hereby impowered and declared to have full Power and lawful Autho-

rity, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, or any Act or Acts, Deed or

Deeds, under their Hands duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a Rate of Interest not exceeding the law-

ful Interest, in Addition to the Sums allowed to be taken up and borrowed by the said Act, a further Sum,

not exceeding three thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the Duties granted by this

AiSl, for answering the Expences of making and completing the Works aforesaid, and such further Sum as

shall be sufficient to discharge the Expence of obtaining and patting this Act; and may attign such Duties to

any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, who shall furnish or advance such Money, or any Part

thereof, as a Security for Repayment of the fame.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Condi-

tions, Directions, Provisions, and Exemptions, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, enacted or provided, touching or relating to the Powers and Trusts reposed in the

said Commissioners, shall be adjudged and deemed, and taken to be in full Force, as if the fame were herein

particularly inferred and re-enacted, excepting only as to the Alterations by thip Act made; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and

allowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices of such Courts arc

hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same..

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund ; and for apply-

ing certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand leven hundred and eighty-

eight ; and far further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Settion of Parliaments

44 3,545,000/. granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the current Year ; to be ittued by.

44 the Treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,545.000 /. or any Part thereof, by

44 Loans pr Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Consolidated Fund. All Persons who shall lend any

44 M oney upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money*

84 with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No

44 Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. Auditor, &c. neglecting his Duty,

44 liable for Damages, itfe. to be recovered at IVcjlminster. No undue Preference in the regifteiing, where

44 Orders arc brought the same Day, so they arc all registered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before

44 others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. If it shall he judged

44 more advisable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills

44 in such Cafe to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of this Settion. All Advantages and

M Penalties in the said Act of tins Settion, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authoris'd to be

44 made

4 J

It 1'eu of (He

D it'.cs gran’ed

by the reciu-d

Afl, the A hew-

ing are to be

cohered :

For every

decked V» (Tel

parting any of

the L'ght-

houses, id. 1 q*

p?r Too j

and for every

foreign decked'

VeHel, 3 d. per

Ton.

Half of the Du-

ti-» may be col-

lc£Ud whe 1 two

L f ht-housei are

ceiled, &c.

Commissioners

may borrow a

furher Sum of

3,coo), on the

Credit of the

Duties.

Power* of the

recited Ail to

continue in

for e, unlef?

al ered by this

Act.

Publick A&t.

