A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 68.

the Sum of twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Person and Persons

to whom the fame (lull be so offered to {ale, to flop, arrest, seize, and detain all such Tobacco, Tobacco

Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff, and

Packages, and carry the fame respectively to the next Warehouse belonging to the Customs 01 Excise, and

to bring the Person and Persons so offering the fame to sale before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the

Peace, who shall thereupon commit such Person and Persons so brought before him to Prison, that such

Person and Persons may be prosecuted for such Penalty incurred for such Offence; and such Tobacco,

Tobacco Stalks, Spnr.ish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour,

and Snuff, {hall and may be prosecuted in the like Manner as if the fame had been seized by any Officer

of the Customs or Fxcise; and after the Condemnation thereof, and Commitment of the Offender or

Offenders, the Person or Persons so seizing the fame as aforesaid shall be entitled to the fame Rewards, in

every Respect, as any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise would have been entitled to, if such

Seizure had been made by any such Officer or Officers, and the said Commissioners of the Customs and

Excise respectively shall pay, or cause the fame to be paid accordingly; and in case such Person or Persons

so seizing any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, 'Tobacco Stalks for T obacco Stalk Flour, Snuff

Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall delire it, the said respective Commissioners shall, in the

mean Time, till the fame can be fold or disposed of according to the Directions of this Act, cause Three-

K: for every Pound of 'Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

’ Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, so seized, to be paid or advanced to such Person or Persons,

upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, of such Offender or Offenders

being committed to Prison; and after the Sale of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, T obacco Stalks

for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff (if the fame {hall be fold}, the

Monies so paid or advanced {hall be replaced out of the Produce of such Sale.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or

forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or ffrged, any Permit for the Removal of any Tobacco,

Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work,

Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, and for the

Removal of which a Permit is by this Act required; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or wil-

lingly give any false or untrue Permit for such Removal of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of

Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, or shall

knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Permit with any such.Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks,

Spanish^ Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk

Flour, or Snuff, removed, or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently

alter or erase any such Permit, after the fame shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or

Officers of Excise; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any

such Permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every Person or Persons so offending

shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXVl. And be it further enacted, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, entered or

filed in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for

the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds, a Capias in the first Process shall or may issue, specifying such

Penalty; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail, by natural-born Subjects

Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias {hall be directed, to appear

in the Court out of which such Capias {hall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit

or Prosecution, and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security in the

feid Court, to answer and pay such Penalty or Penalties of five hundred Pounds, in case he, she, or they shall

be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any ShortCut Tobacco, Shag

Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot'Tobacco, respectively, manufactured at either of the Ports fiilt

herein-before enumerated, or within two Miles thereof, from Tobacco which shall be delivered for Home

Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame {hall be

deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act, and exported as Merchandize from

any of the Ports first herein-before enumerated, by the licensed Manufacturer or Manufacturers who ma-

nufactured the fame, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Islands of Faro and Ferro, under

and subje -t to the Rules, Regulations, ReftriTions, and Provisions herein-after mentioned, over and besides

such of the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions as are not repugnant to this Act, and arc now

commonly practised or enforced by the Officers of the Customs upon the Exportation of manufactured

Tobacco, in order to obtain the Drawback or Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof, there (ha!! dc paid

and allowed, in the same Manner as the Custom Drawbacks upon the Exportation of manufactured

Tobacco are now paid and allowed, the several Custom Drawbacks herein-after mentioned; (that is

*0 say,)

For every Pound Weigh* of such Short Cut Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Six-

pence:

For every Pound Weight of such Shag Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight of such Roll Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Sixpence:

And for every Pound Weight of fuqh Carrot Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Six-

pence*

CXXVIII. And

631

and ike Persons

to whom.it it

offered miy de-

tain ir, and

bring the Par-

ties before a

Justice, c.;

and they shall

be entitled ro

the fame Re-

wards at Offi-

cers of the Cuf-

toms or Excise.

C -mmiffiouers

of the Customi

and Excise may

cause Three-

pence for every

ib. of Tobacco,

Arc* so seized to

be paid, till it

can be diffcfcd

of, Arc.

Per fens forging

Permits, &c. to

forfeit 50c).;

and on every

Action for such

Penalty, the

Defendant* shall

give sufficient-

Bail*

On Exporta’ion

of any bhurt Cut

Tobacco, Sect

manufactured at

any of the Pv»rcs

herein-befnre

enumerated, or

withio two

Miles thereof,to

any Port beyond

Sea, except Fa-

ro and Ferro,

there shall be all

lowed the Cuf-

tom Drawback!

following, viz*

For every Ib. of

Short Cut, 6d,

For every lb of

Shat>, 6o.

For every Ib. of

Foil, 6d.

For every lb. of

Carrot, 6d,

