A. D* 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III/ C; 16.

respectively, to make or carry into Execution any Order or Resolution without the Concurrence of the

Councils of their respective Governments, in any Matter which shall come under the Confederation of the

Cud Governor General and Governors or Presidents, and their Councils respectively, in their judicial Ca-

pacity, or with respect to the nuking or repealing or fufoending any general Rule, Order, or Regulation,

for the good Order and Civil Government of the said United Company’s Settlements, or with respect to

the imposing of any Tax or Duty within their respective Governments or Presidencies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and other Proceedings of the said Supreme Council,

and of the find Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively, (nidi in future be exp refled to be

made by the Governor General in Council, or by the Governor or President in Council, and not otherwise; and

that all the said Orders and Proceedings, previous to their being published in the respective Presidencies,

shall be signed by the Chief Secretary to the Council of the Presidency, or his Deputy for the Time being,

by the Authority of the Governor General in Council, or the Governor or President in Council; any

Ad or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

c XIII. And whereas the Principle of Promotion and Advancement intended to be established by the said

4 Ad, so far as relates to the Civil Line of the Company’s Service in India, may be carried into Effect

4 with more Convenience to the public Service in the Manner herein after directed;’ Be it therefore farther

enacted, That all Vacancies, happening in any of the Offices, Places, or Employments, in the Civil Line

of the Company’s Service in India (being under the Degree of a Member of the Council), shall be from

Tune to Time filled up and supplied from amongst the Servants of the said Company belonging to the

Presidency wherein fuen Vacancies shall respectively happen, subject only to the Restrictions in this Act

contained, and no otherwise; any Thing in the said former Ad contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That in the filling up and supplying such Vacancies, no Office,

Place, or Employment, die Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments whereof shall exceed five hundred Pounds

per Annum9 shall be conferred upon or granted to any of the said Servants, who shall not have been actually

fefident in India3 in the Company’s Service, for the Space of three Years at the leaf!: in the whole, ante*

cedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employ-

ments shall exceed one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, the fame shall not be granted to or con-

ferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India, in the said Service, for

the Space of six Years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites,

and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed three thousand Pounos per Annum,

the fame shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants, who shall not have been adu-

ally resident in India, in the Company’s Service, for the Space of nine Years at the least in the whole; and

if the Salary,' Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed four thou-

sand Pounds per Annum, the fame shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants, who

shall not have been adualfy resident in India, in the Company’s Service, for the Space of twelve Years at

the least in the whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and that all Appointments, Advancements, and Pro-

motions, which shall be made for supplying any such Vacancies, other than as aforesaid, shall be null and

void.

XV. And be it further enacted. That no Person shall for the future be capable of taking, in the Civil Line

of the Company’s Service, two or more Offices, Places, or Employments, the joint Amount of the Sa-

laries, Perquisites, and Emoluments of which shall exceed in the whole the annual Salary, Perquisites* and

Emoluments respectively prescribed in the Regulations and Restrictions before mentioned; any Law or Usage

to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ XVI. And whereas the said Court of Directors for the Time being are, in and by the said recited Act.

* required, from Time to Time, to appoint a Secret Committee, to consist of any Number of the said

4 Directors, not exceeding three, for the particular Purposes in the said Act specified, but no Oath of Se-

4 crccy was thereby provided or directed to be taken by the Members of such Secret Committee be it

therefore further enacted. That the Oath of the Members of the said Secret Committee shall be of the Te-

nor following ; (that is to say).

44 T A. B. do (wear. That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, faithfully execute the

44 * several Tracts and Powers reposed in me as a Member of the Secret Committee, appointed by the Court

44 of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose

44 or make known any of the secret Orders or Instructions which shall be given, communicated, or transmitted

44 to me by the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, concerning the levying of War, or the making

44 of Peace, or treating or negodating with any of the Native Princes or States of India; save only to the

u other Members of the said Secret Committee, or to the Person or Persons who shall be duly nominated and

44 employed in transcribing or preparing the fame respectively, unleis I shall be authorised by the said Com-

44 missioners to disclose and make known the fame*

44 So help me GOD.*

XVII. And be it further enacted. That the said Oath shall be taken and subscribed by the present Mem-

bers of the said Secret Committee within fourteen Days after this Act shall have received his Majesty’s

Assent; and that the future Members of the said Secret Committee shall take and subscribe the said Oath,

before they shall respectively proceed to ad in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts to them given by the

said former Ad, and this present Act; and the said Oath shall and may be administered by the several and re-

spective

r5

stall not be tx-

•reifed by the

Governor Ge-

Bfnl, Ice.

By whom tht

Order* of the

Supreme Coun-

cil* ice, lull bo

expressed to be

mode.

Vacancte* In

Gvil Office*

how to be fop-

pHed.

Role* to be ohm

ienred in filling

of such Vicu«

cieit

No Per Ion to

hold several

Office* to e

greater Amount

than he S* one*

tiled to hold if*

a single Office.

Member* of the

Secret Com-

mittee to be

loom.

The Oath.

Oath when to

be taken.

