624 'C.:68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Any unfair CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover or find any

Excef* in Stock Increase not legally accounted for in the Stock or Stocks of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacoo Stalks,

ina Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish* Returns of Tobacco,

the Manufac/ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappe? Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff,

ttner or Dealer. Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, British Rappee SnufF, Scotch Snuff, Brown

Scotch Snuff’, or foreign Snuff* of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco

or Snuff, over and above the Quantity of each respective Sort or Denomination which the Officer of

Excise found in such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers Custody at the Time of the

last preceding Survey, upon such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, such Increase

shall be deemed and taken to be made by a Commodity for which no Duty has been paid, and which had

been privately brought in by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, without Permit,

and so much of the said respective Stock or Stocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited; and a

Quantity, equal to the increased Quantity, shall and may be seized and taken by any Officer or Officers of

Excise, from or out of any Part of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Short Cut Tobacco,

Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks far

Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, Snuff Work far

Brown Scotch Snuff’, Tobacco Stalk Flohr, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, or

foreign Snuff, as the Cafe may require, then in the Custody or Possession of such Manufacturer or Manu-

facturers, or Dealer or Dealers, in whose Stock or Stocks such Increase shall be discovered or found; and

such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, in whose Stock such Increase shall be discovered

or found, shall also forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Scotch Snuff, \n CVII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That where any Scotch Snuff shall, from

u e Custody of the Coiffure of the Air, have gained and acquired, in the Cuitody and Possession of the Manufacturer or

or ofVeaUrt”* Manufacturers thereof, any Increase of Weight, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds Weight in the

not having* * Hundred, over and above the Credit herein-before allowed to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers far or

gained more in respect of such Scotch Snuff, such Scotch Snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair Commodity, and

thao 51b. in the such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall be allowed Credit for the fame in Stock, and also to remove the

m°*a‘ by fhK Tame by Permit, notwithstanding such Increase of Weight; and also where any Scotch Snaff shall, from the

Air*, tX 1 * Moisture of the Air, have gained and acquired, in the Custody or Possession of the Dealer or Dealers in

deemed a fair Snuff, who first purchased and received the fame by Permit from the Manufacturer thereof, any Increase or

Commodity i Weight not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds Weight in the Hundred, over and above the Weight specified

in such Permit, such Scotch Snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair Commodity, and such Dealer or

Dealers shall be allowed Credit for the fame in Stock, and also to remove the fame by Permit, not-

withstanding such Increase of Weight; any Thing in this ACT contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

which Snuff i. C VIII. And to prevent any such Allowance from being made, over and above what is granted by this

rare from^1" ProviT°» be it further enacted, That all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers, and Dealer and

other Snuff, and Dealers, shall keep all such Scotch Snuff, on which any such Allowance shall be made, separate and apart

shewn to the from all other Snuff in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and shall from Time to Time shew the

Officer, dec. on fame to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, (he, or they shall be, upon Demand, and declare at

penalty of aol. ^at Time or Times any such Allowance shall have been made to him, her, or them, in respe& of such

Snuff, and the Amount of such Allowance, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Ne-

gleet or Refusal thereof.

Mafiofadorert CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff

remoting To- shall remove, or cause to be removed, any Tobacco or Snuff from or out of his, her, or their entered

bacco or Snuff Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, before the fame has been weighed

before weighing, an(j ^ken an Account of by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, (he, or they shall be,

to forfeit 50L according to the Directions of this Act, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden

5 or concealed, any Tobacco or Snuff from the Sight and View of such Officer or Officers, (iich Ma-

nufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfait the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

No Tobacco CX. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco (not being Returns of Tobacco) of fourPbunds

&c. of the 9 Weight or upwards, nor any Snuff of two Pounds Weight or upwards, nor any Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^

Weight herein Returns of Tobacco? Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalk Flour,

specified to be exceeding the Quantity of two hundred Pounds Weight, shall be removed or carried from any one Part of

[TOam this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, by Land or by Water, without being accompanied with a proper

other Part of ”iie Permit from Tome or one of the Officers of Excise, granted according to the Directions of this Act^on Piin

Kingdom with- of forfeiting the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco

out a Permit, Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, which shall be found removing or

on Penalty of carrying, or removed or carried from any one Part of this Kingaom to any other Pait thereof, without such

Forfeiture, &c. permj^ together with the Calks or other Packages containing the fame, and the Horses- Cattle, Boats,

Barges, and Carriages used in such Removal or Carriage thereof, and the fame respectively mall and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Officer on Re- CXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Deafer or

qutft to give t Dealers in. Tobacco or Snuff, duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall have Qccafioo 10

Permit for the remove any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work,

Removal of To- Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff’, from any such his, her, or their entered House, Warehouse, Workhouse,

cco, c. Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, the Officer or Officers of Excise of the Division or Place

where

30Qie

