480 C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1788.

and for «very

Gall n of thofie

ofcd for making

Low Wnr fr< m

Fore gn rc'ufrd

Wine, See, 61*

No Person to

t*e& or woik a

Still in S(Otland)

without taking

out a Licence,

and paying

Proportion of

the Duty, at

bemn-alter di-

rected.

Licences to be

aegiftered at the

Excise Office in

Edinburgh.

No Licence to be

granted for Wafl*

Stills of a left

Content than 50

Gallon*, nor for

any Wash Still

unless there be

licensed with it

« Low Wine Still

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content of each and every Still, in-

cluding the Head, which shall be used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for making

Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foitign

Materials (except Melalles and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of six Pounds :

Which said respective Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons, and at the respective Times, and in the

Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatever shall, by

him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatever employed by him, her, or them,

or for his, her, or their Use or Benefit, erect, set up, or work any Still or Stills for the distilling, making,

or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any of the Materials aforesaid, in that

Part of Greet Britain called Scotland, without first taking out a Licence or Licences for that Purpose; which

Licences shall be granted by such Person or Persons in Scotland as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall nfthorife and appoint for that Purple,

and which Person or Persons shall be under and subject to the Order and Control of the Commissioners

of Excise in Scotland, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Trea-

surer shall direct, and which Licences the said Person or Persons so author!fed is and are .hereby directed

and enjoined to grant to all Persons who shall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten

Days at lead before he, (he, or they shall so erect, set up, or work any such Still or Stills, and first paying

into the Hands of the proper Officer of Excise, such Proportion of the yearly Rate or Duty hereby im-

posed as herein-after is directed, according to the Content or Capacity of the StiJl or Stills so to be erected,

set up, or Worked as aforesaid : Provided always. That no such Licence, nor any other Licence to be

granted by virtue of this Act, in that Part t\ Great Britain called Scotland, shall be of Force or Effect

until the fame shall be produced to the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, and duly registered at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, in such Manner as the said Com-

missioners shall direct: Provided also. That it shall not be lawful to grant any such Licence for or in

respectof any Wash Still which (including the Head) shall not be of the Content or Capacity of fifty

Gallons English Wine Measure, or of a greater Content or Capacity; nor shall it be lawful to grant any

such Licence for or in respect of any Wash Still whatever, unless there shall at the fame Time be licensed

therewith a Low Wine Still of a Content or Capacity (including the Head) not less than one fourth Part of

the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still.

of ooe fourth of its Contents.

Distillers ob-

taining Licences

posterior to July

5, 1788, may

yiepare Wort%

hot not dinil

L">w Wines,

}>rior to the

Time fixed by

Licences.

Licences to con*

tinue in ft-rce till

July 5, lyfg.

Persons erefling,

See, Stills with-

out Licence to

forfeit 200I. and

ihe Stills, dec.

Duty for Li-

cences to be pard

in Advance, as

herein.men*

Honed.

Persons applying

for licences to

Iwear that the

Suit* i te tr e r

two Property,

Sec,

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

any Distillcr or Distillers, after obtaining such Licence as aforesaid, and not having been licensed within the

Year ending the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, under an Act made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prepare Worts, Wash, or Tilts for the Space of

ten Days before the Time fixed by any such Licence for commencing Distillation : Provided also. That such

Distiller or Distillers, nor having been so licensed as aforesaid, shall not begin to distill any Low Wines or

Spirits previous to the Time fixed by such Licence for that Purpose, upon Pain of incurring all the Penalties

and Forfeitures by this Act directed to be inflicted on Persons working with unlicensed Stills.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Licence to be granted by virtue of

this Act, shall continue in force from the Time of granting thereof until the fifth Day of July one thousand

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall erect, (et up,

work, make use of, or have in his, her,or their CustodyorPofieflion, any Still or Stills for the distilling, making,

or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any other of the Materials aforesaid, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out such Licence as is herein-before directed,

he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit for every such Still the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with

all and every such Still and Stills, with the Tubs and Utensils thereto belonging ; and all Materials for brew-

ing or manufacturing Worts, YVafh, Low Wines or Spirits, in the Possession of such Person or Persons, and

all and every such Still and Stills, Tubs, Utensils, and Materials, shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That upon or previous to the granting of

any such Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the fame shall, before he, (he, or they shall be intided

to such Licence, pay down in Advance in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive

the fame, the Proportion of the Duty from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

to the Day of granting such Licence ; and also one sixth Part of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in

respect of his, her, or their Still or Stills specified in such Licence, and shall afterwards at the Expira-

tion of the fiiit two Months, and so afterwards at or before the End of every two Months, pay down in

ready Money in Advance, a further sixth Part of the said Duty, until the Whole thereof shall be fully

paid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons shall be capable

of taking out or receiving any such Licence as aforesaid, save only the actual Owner or Owners oif the

Still or Stills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the Implements thereto belonging; and every

Person cr Persons demanding such Licence, (hull take and subscribe an Oath before one or more of the

Commissioners of Excise in Scotlajtd, or any Justice of the Peace for the County in which he, (he, or they

shall

