ior

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 59.

of the said Chief Office, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing, in other Places in G?eat Britain^ of his, her,

or their Intention so to remove the fame, and of the particular Bin or Place, in any such Warehotifcs, Store-

houses Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, to which the fame is intended so to be re-

moved ; and it any such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or SeWers of, Foreign Wine, shall begin to draw off

or bottle any such*foreign Wine, without giving such Notice as is in that Behalf herein before directed to be

given, or, in Default of such Wine being packed or piled in the Presence of such OfHcer as aforesaid, shall

neglect to make such Declaration as aforesaid, or. to pack, pile, or deposit such Wine according to such De-

claration, or shall remove any Foreign Wine from the bin or Place in which the famelhail be packed, piled,

ordeposited, according to the Directions of this Atft, into any other Bin or Part of any such Warehouses,

Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, without giving Inch Notice as is in

that Behalf herein before directed to be given, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose

the Sum of fifty Pounds: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed

or construed to extend, to make any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine liable to

the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, for or by reason of his drawing ofF or bottling any Foreign Wine into a

Number of Bottles more or less, by a small Quantity, than shall be specilied, in such Notice herein before

directed to be given, as the Number of Bottles into which such Wine was intended to be drawn oft or bottled :

Provided also, That if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, so

intending to draw off or bottle such Foreign Wine, shall not begin and proceed to draw off 01 bottle such

\Vineat the Time mentioned in such Notice in that Behalf herein before dire£fed, or within one Hour after

such Time, then such Notice shall be void, and such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seilers, so intending

to draw off or bottle such Wine, shall give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers of the l ime when, and

the particular Warehouse, Storehoule, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place in which such Wine is

intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the Quantity thereof, and into how many Calks, Bottles, Jars, or

other Vessels, the fame is intended to be drawn off or bottled; and, if such Wine so intended to be drawn

off or bottled be French Wine, whether the fame is French Red Wine, or French White Wine, or, if such

Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled be not French Wine, whether the fame is Foreign Red Wine

or Foreign White Wine, and from what particular Calk, Jar, or other Vessel, Qafks, Jars, or other Vef-

fels, such Wine is so intended to be drawn off or bottled : Provided always, nevertheless, That nothing in

this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any

Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, to draw oft' or bottle any Foreign

Wine, at his, her, or their free Will and Pleasure, for the Purpose of immediately lending out the fame,

without giving such Notice to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or

Sellers, Inal] then be, of his, her, or their Intention to draw off or bottle such Foreign Wine ; but that it

Shall and may be lawful to and for any such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, to draw off'or bottle any

Foreign Wine, at his, her, or their free Will and Pleasure, for the Purpose of immediately fending out the fame,

without giving such Notice to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or

Sellers, mall then be, of his, her, or their Intention to drawoff or bottle such Foreign Wine, without being

liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for drawing oft' or bottling such Foreign Wine without giving such

Notice as is herein before directed to be given ; any T hing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding.

A XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Dealer and Dealers in,

and Seller and Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall keep all French Red Wine, in his, her, or their Custody or

Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels,

and Divisions, from all other Wine ; and shall also, in like Manner, keep all French White Wine, in his,

her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels,

Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all other Wine ; and shall also, in like Manner, keep all

Foreign Red Wine (other than French Wine) in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and

apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all

other Wine ; and shall also, in like Manner, keep all Foreign White Wine (other than French Wine) in his,

her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels,

Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all other Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence,

ihe Sum of fifty Pounds,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in, and Sellers of, Foreign

Wme, otherwise than by Wholesale, who shall have or receive into his, her, or their Custody, any Cyder,

Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, shall keep the fame separate and apart from Foreign Wine, upon

Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Cyder,Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors,

which shall not be so kept separate and apart from Foreign Wine, together with all such Foreign Wine,

Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, and other Liquors, and the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and other Packages

containing the fame; and such Foreign Wme, Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, and other Liquors, Casks, Bottles,

Jars, Vessels, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or

Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Bnti/h-made Wine or

Sweets, on Pain of forfeiting all such British-made Wine or Sweets winch shall be at any Time found in

the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seilers, and aiib the Sum of ten Shillings

for every Gallon of such British Wine or Sweets, and so in proportion for any greater or Iefler Quantity:

Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to pre-

vent any Deafer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, from having in his, her, or their

Custody or Possession, or from felling, at any Time before the first Day of December one thousand Icven

. hundred

Penally On bot-

tling Wine,

without giving

due Notice.

rfrfons not lia-

ble to Penalty

for a small Dif-

ference in the

Number of Bot-

tles drawn off,

and in the No-

tice.

If Wine be not

begun so be bor-

lltd off. within

an Hour after

the Time men-

tioned, she No-

tice to be void.

Wine may be

drawn off" ar

any Time to b®*

sent out imme-

diately.

Different Sort*,

of Wines to be

kep* separate, on

Penalty of 100J*.

Penalty on Re-

tail Ota lei» not-

keeping Cjder,.

&c. in separate /

Places fr im Fo-.

rcijjn Wines.

Dealer* in Fo-

reign Wine

not to have

Swre s in their

P 'ffeffi n, < a

Finally of for-

fei ure, &c. but

hot to ex-cnc ro

the (Tiantuy in

Hand, on July 5^

1786,which may

be fold before.

Dec* 1, 1786,

U

