A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 87, 88.

by any of the Persons or Parties aforesaid, in the bringing before the said Commissioners such unsettled Ac-

counts and such Vouchers as aforesaid, within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners hereby ap-

pointed shall limit and appoint'for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful so and for the said Commissioners,

and they are hereby required, under their Hands and Seals, to certify the fame, and the Circumstances

thereof, to the Chancellor and Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, who shall thereupon award and

if:ue forth such Procefies against the said Defaulters as the Nature of the Cafe shall require, and the said Court

think expedient; 2nd in Cafes of wilful Default made in the Delivery of any Accounts or Vouchers, by aiiy

of the particular Receivers of the Rents of the Crown, or in the Payment of any Balance due from them, or

any of them, upon die Foot of their Accounts, it shall and may be lawful to ruul for the said Commissioners

hereby appointed, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to suspend any of such Receivers from the fur-

ther Receipt of any Rents or Revenues in their Collection, so that every such Suspension shall be forthwith

certified by the said Commissioners unto the Chancellor and Barons of the Exchequer, who shall and may

direct any other Person or Persons to coliedt and receive the Rents and Revenues in the Charge of the Re-

ceiver or Receivers so suspended, and to take and enjoy the Salaries, and other Fees and Emoluments of

Office, appertaining to such Receipt and Collection, during the Continuance of such Suspension; and every

such Suspension shall remain and continue in full force until the said Chancellor and Barons, by their Order,

to be made upon the Submission of the Party or Parties so suspended to account for and pay the Balance due

from him or them, shall think fit or direct, to take off and diicontinue the fame ; any Law, Statute, or Usage

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXLI- And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be examined upon Oath or Affirma-

tion, or shall make any Affidavit or Depoiition, on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any of

the Matters or Things by this Act directed to be done or enquired into, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully

swearing or affirming to any Matter or Thing, which, if the fame had been sworn or affirmed in any Cause

or Suit depending in any of his Majesty’s Courts, would have amounted to wilful $nd corrupt Perjury,

every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur the fame Penalties and For-

feitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are provided against Persons convicted of wilful and cor-

rupt Perjury.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That if the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or either of

them, shall decline to ait in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or, having begun to ail

therein, shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his

Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to constitute and appoint such Person or

Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioners

so declining to ail, or dying as aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit, and so often as such Cafe shall hap-

pen ; and the Person or Persons so conffituted and appointed by his Majesty, having first qualified to ail by

taking and subscribing the Oath herein before provided and dircited, shall be invested with the fame Powers

and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioner or Commissioners constituted

by this Act respeilively.

XXI V« And be it further enailed and declared, That the Appointments of Commissioners in the Land Re-

venue, made or authorised to be made by this Act, shall not be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or

Purview of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Atifor the Security of her Ma-

iifty* Person and Government^ and of the Si^cccjfon of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Liney

whereby to vacate the feat in Parliament of either of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to be here-

after appointed, by virtue of this Act, or to disqualify any such Commissioner from being eleiled, or fitting,

or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XX v. Provided always, and be it enaited, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give unto

the said Commissioners hereby’appointed any Power or Authority to make any Enquiry into, or otherwise

to interfere with, any of his Majesty’s Royal Palaces, or any Houses occupied by any of the Royal Family,

or the Forefls, Parks, Lands, or Grounds of his Majesty, adjoining or contiguous to and occupied with any

of such Palaces or Houses respeilively, unless in Obedience to any Commands of his Majesty, to be for that

Purpose signified under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual.

XXVI. And be it further enailed, That this Act shall commence from and immediately after it shall have

received his Majesty’s Royal Assent, and shall (continue in force for the Term of three Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

• CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Afaria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy

Carlton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons

of the said Sir Guy Carltony in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty

and this Country.

[1000/. for their Lives from Jan. 1, 1785.]

203

PncefTei to be

ifluid >ga:nft

Defaulters here*

in,

and if the De-

fault b; wilful,

the Commil-

fi oners may fuf-

pcnJ ihcu), &c.

Person® making

fa lie Oaths incur

the Penalties of

wilful Perjury.

His Majesty to

appoint Com-

mi Hi oners in

place of such aa

may die. or de-

cline to act.

Appointment to

the Commission

not to vacate

Seat in Parlia-

ment, or difqua«

lify from being

elected.

Commiflmnera

not to be hereby

authorised to

esquire into

Royal Palaces

or adjoining

Lands.

Commencement

and Continuance

of ibis Act.

Dd 2

C A 1\

v^.oome

