78

Dfmak'rpStarch

without hnirjr.

Makers of Stone

Bln- to rn^ke

i: airies of their

WorkhouiV?,

See. on Penalty

of 501.

Officers may e«-

amine Stone

Blur, and take

Samples thereof,

paying for the

fame*

No S*one Blue

to be made from

Materials that

have not paid

Duty, on For-

feiture thereof,

and also 100 h

tfnftamped

Starch in Pof-

session of Stone

Blue Makers,

Scc. to be for-

feited, and the

Owner fincdioi*

per Pound

Weight 5

and if more than

lb. be found

in an unentered

Place, to be for-

feited, and a Fine

of $ol.

Person* refusing

Officers Samples

of Stone Blue,

paying for the

Um:t forfeit 50I.

Persons moVft.

ing Officers in

the Eiecuiun of

C. 51. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making Starch without Entry are by the Statutes in

such Cafe made and provided now subject unto.

* XXI. And whereas great Quantities of Starch are used in the making of Stone Blue, and some evil-

4 minded Pericns being Makers of Stone Blue, do in a private and cEndestine Manner make Surch, or

4 otherwise manufacture Meal or Flour for the Purpose of making Stone Blue, r.nd thereby evade the Pay-

4 ment of the Duties upon Starch, to the great Lois of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader;

4 which Mischiefs might, in great Measure, be prevented, if the Makers of Stone Blue were obliged to make

4 Entries of the Places used by them for making or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making the

4 fame, and if the Officers of Excise were authorised to inspedt inch Places be it therefore further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-six, all and every Person or Persons, who now is or are, or shall then be a Maker or Makers of

Stone Blue for Sale, {hall make a true Entry in Writing of his, her, or their Names, and Pa ce or Places

of Abode, together with all and every the Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other PJace or

Places whatever that shall be made use of by such Person or Persons for the making of Stone Blue, or for

keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making Stone Blue, at the Chief Office of Excise in Lonlon, if such

Person or Persons now carry on, or shall then carry on, the Bujinels of making Stone Blue for Sale within

the Limits of the said Chief Office -, or if such Person or Persons now carry 07, or Hull then carry on, the

said Business in any other Part of Great Britain, then at the OrRce of Excise next to the Place where he, she,

or they now carry on, or shall then carry on, the said Business ; and all and every Person or Persons who,

after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall become a Adaker

or Makers of Stone Blue for Sale, {hall, before he, {lie, or they shall bcgiiMo make or manufacture Stone

Blue, make a true Entry in Writing of his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, together with

all and every the Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other Piace or Places whatever that shall be

made use of by such Person or Persons for the making of, or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for

making Stone Blue, at the Chief Office of Excise in London, if such Person or Persons shall carry on the said

Business within the Limits of the said Chief Office, or if such Person or Persons shall carry on the

said Business in any other Part of Great Britain, then at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such

Person or Persons shall carry on the said Business, on Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Of-

ficer or Officers of Excise, or of the Duties upon Starch, at all Times by Day, at his or their Request, to

enter the House or Houses, Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other Place or Places whatever

belonging to, or that shall be made use of by any Maker or Makers of Stone Blue for Sale, for the making

of Stone Blue, or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making Stone Blue, and there to examine all and

every Parcel or Parcels of Stone Blue, and to take and carry away any Sample or Parcel of the fame,

paying a reasonable Price for the fame, according to the Price that Stone Blue shall then commonly bear and

be sold for.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Stone Blue for

Sale, shall begin to make or manufacture, or cause or procure to be begun to be made or manufactured, any

Stone Blue from any Flour, Meal, or other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever (other than the Materials

or Ingredients for colouring the fame), except Starch, for which all the Duties due and payable in respe£fc

thereof have been first charged, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, all such Stone Blue, Flour,

Meal, and other Ingredients and Materials whatsoever (other than the Materials or Ingredients for colouring

such Stone Blue), together with the Boxes, Tubs, and Vessels whatsoever containing the fame, and also the

Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the said twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any such Maker of Stone Blue for Sale, or Maker of Hair

Powder for Sale, {hall receive into his, her, or their roffession, any Starch in Papers not ffamped as aforesaid,

or any loose Starch, or any Scrapings of Starch, he, {he, or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight of Starch so received in Papers not ffamped as

aforesaid, or of such loose Starch or Scrapings of Starch ; and all such Starch in Papers not ffamped as afore-

said, or loose Starch or Scrapings of Starch, that shall be so received, or brought into the Possession of such

Maker of Stone Blue, or Maker of Hair Powder, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of

Excise, or of the said Duties, any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding ; and

if any such Maker of Stone Blue, or Maker of Hair Powder, shall keep any Starch above the Quantity of

twenty-eight Pounds in any unentered Place, the fame shall be forfeited, and such Maker of Stone Blue, or

Maker of Hair Powder, {hall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Stone Blue for

Sale, upon Request or Demand made by any such Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, in the Day-time, {hall

refuse to permit, or shall not permit such Officer or Officers to enter and go into all and every the Work-

house or Workhouses, or all and every other Place or Places whatever belonging to, or that shall be made

use of by him, her, or them, for the making of Stone Blue, or for the keeping Stone Blue, or any Materials

vfor making Stone Blue, or shall not permit such Officer or Officers to examine, and to take and carry away

with him or them any Parcel or Sample of Stone Blue, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame the

Price that Stone Blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for; every such Maker of Stone Blue {hall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatever shall aflaule,

oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the Duties on Starch, in the duo*

11 Execution

