A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 37.

for the Claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom th^fame shall be tried or

heard, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge cr Court before whom the fame shall be tried or

heard, shall certify that there wns a probablp Cause for making such Seizure; and in such Cafe the Claimant

shall not be entitled to any Coils of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person or Persons who made such Seizure

be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and that in

case any Action, Indictment, or Prosecution shall be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person

or Persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of any

such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, tiled or employed in removing or carrying the fame

(whether any Information shall be brought to T rial to condemn the fame or not), and a Verdict shall be given

against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge, before whom such Action, Indictment, or

Prosecution shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff’,

besides the Thing so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to above two Pence Damages,

nor to any Costs of Suit; nor shall the Defendant, in such Prosecution, be imprisoned or be fined above one

Shilling.

XX V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ or Process shall be sued out

against any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons acting by his or their Order,

in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution or by reason of this or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the said Revenues, or either of them, until

one Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the

lifual Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Person or Persons who intends or intend

to sue out such Writ or Procels as aforesaid; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained, the

Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whose Name such Action is

intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney or Agent; and that a Fee

of twenty Shillings and no more shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every such Notice.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom such No-

tice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice shall be given,

to tender Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her, or their Agent or Attorney; and

in case such Amends are not accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him

or them grounded on such Suit, Writ, or Process, together with the Plea of Not guilty, and any other Plea or

Pleas, with Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; and if upon Issue joined thereon,

the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a VerdidTfor the

Defendant or Defendants; and in such Cafe, or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or

discontinue such Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants, upon De-

murrer, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Coils as he or they would have been

entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Blue only; and if, upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall

find that no Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or

Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and

such Damages as they shall think proper.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs, in any Cafe where an Action shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant or Defend-

ants, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of the Cause of such Action, except such as shall be con-

tained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any Verdict against such Officer or Officers,

or Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, unless it shall be proved on the Trial of such Action that

such Notice was given, and that in Default of such Proof the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall

recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Officer or Officers,

or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, shall neglect to tender Amends, or shall have tendered

insufficient Amends before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by Leave of

the Court in which such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such

Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be

had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay

Money into Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take

Effect, as (0 all such Matters and Things therein contained in respect whereof no special Commencement

is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-eight.

XXX. 1 And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

(intituled, An Ati for laying additional Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in

Spirituous LiquorsJ; reciting, that it was expedient that additional Duties should be paid by all Persons who

4 mould take out Licences to deal by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, it is enacted, That from and after the

4 fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there should be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums

in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out annually, in Manner

in the said Act mentioned, by all Persons who should retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong

4 Waters within Grsnt Britain; And whereas divers Persons, duly licensed since the passing of the said

*Aa

453

and In any such

Action in which

the Per fun who

feiled is Defend-

ant, he shal) not

be liable to more

than t d. Da-

mages, &c.

No Writ to be

sued cut agair-ft

any Person act-

ing under any

Act of Parliament relating r#

the Custom* or

Excise, in left

than a Month

after Notice

given, Arc.

20 s. to be pud

for such Notice.

Tender of A-

menda iray be

made within the

Month after No-

tice, and pleaded'

in bar of Ad ion,

Ac.

Nb Evidence f#

be given bn' such

as is contained

in the Notice.

Amenda may be

paid info Court

before issue

joined.

Act to take

place from July

5, 1788, in all

Instances whet*

no particular

Commencement

is specified.

27 GEO. c. 30*

recited.

