A.D. 1789.

59+ C. 67, 68. Anno viccfimo nonoGRORGti III.

14 G. 3. c. 59. enafK Thit

1. The Walls ai d Ceilings of Cells in Gaols shall be (craped

and whjte-washed once in the Year at least.

2. That the Cells shall be kept clean ; and

V T'hat they shall be supplied with fresh Air, by Ventilators or

Otherwise.

4. That there (lull be two Rooms set apart for the Sick.

That a warm and cold Bath, or bath ng Tubs, shall be pro-

vided.

6. That this Act shall be him; up in the Gaol.

7. That a Surgeon or Apothecary (hull be appointed, with a

Salary.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for repea’ing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff; and for granting new Duties in

lieu thereof.

Preamble.

*7 Geo, 3. e. 1 j. re-

- c»;cd.

From Oft. 10, 1789,

the Outiei impofeo oy

veci'ed Act on the Im-

portation nf Tobacco

and Snuff, and the

Drawback allowed on

ti e Exportation of

Tobacco, to ccale j

and the following Du-

ties of Customs and Ex-

•ife to be paid, viz.

For every Pound of

Spanish or Portuguese

Tobacco imported,

is. 6 d. Customs, and

as. Excise;

and when delivered

from the Wrrehouf.* for

Exportation, 1 d. Cuf-

toms, and zd. Excite:

Forevery lb. of Irish or

American Tobacco im-

ported, 6 d. Customs,

and 9d. Excite:

For every lb. of Snuff

imported by the East-

India Company, is.

3d. Customs, and at.

Excise 1

From Britisha America,

or the Spanish Weft

Indict, 6 d. Customt,

and 1 s. Excise :

And from any o her

Place, lod. Custom*,

and 1 s. 4d. Excise.

4 \\7 II E R E A S by an A& made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*

4 VV intitule J, <1n A ] for rtpi iuin* the frueral Duties of Gi/loms and Excise, and granting other Duties

4 in lieu thereof, m.d for applying the /aid Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue \

* for permitting the impc> tuiion of certain Goods, 1Fares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture tf

4 the European Dominions of the J'tench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unchrinud

4 Monies, remai\ng in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National

4 7V>/, certain Dune* are impnfed upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain* and certain Drawbacks are

4 allowed upon the Exportation thereof; and certain Duties are also by the said A& imputed upon Snuff

• import; d into Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawbacks, anJ

4 in li>*u thereof to impose the several Duties, and allow the several Drawback?, herein mentioned:’ Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, anJ Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine, the

said Duties by the teiiJ Act impoted upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain, and the said Draw-

backs by the said Act allowed upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, together with the said

Duties by the said Act imputed upon Snuff lo imported, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or

payable, favc and except in all Cates relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof re-

1‘psitively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Line, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties,

or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said

tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in lieu and instead of the Duties and Drawbacks hereby re-

pealed, there shall be raii'ed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, in ready

Money, without any Dil'count or Abatement whatever, the several Duties of Customs and Excise herein-after

mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or

Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, there shall be paid a Custom

Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence; and also an Excise Duty of two Shillings :

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which shall be delivered for Exportation out of the Warchjufc

or Warehoules in which the fame shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Direc-

tions of this Act, there shall be paid a Duty of Customs of one Penny; and also ail Excite Duty of

Twopence:

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or ProduTion of Ireland, or of the Growth or Pro-

duction of his Maj city’s Colonies, Plantations, Elands, or Territories in America, or of the United States

of America, impoited into Great Britain, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of Sixpence; and also an

Excise Duty of Ninepence :

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain by the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of one

Shilling and Threepence; and a*ib an Excise Duty of two Shillings:

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, wbfeh shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any British

Plantation in Amenta, or from the Spanish West Indies, theie shall be paid a Custom Duty of Sixpence;

and also an Excise Duty of one Shilling :

For every Pound Weignt of Snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other

i lace, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of Tenpence; and also an Excise Duty of one Shilling and

Fourpence.

Dime* on Tobacco and

Snuff impoited and III. Provided always, 1 hat if any Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Pbnt-

T*t4h.uufcd ncft pa,all* aliens or Dominions of Sjain or Portugal, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and wanr-

tiU deliver ti thereout. * * r 0 J l ,* j

