39

A. D. 1786* Ailno vicesimo lexto Georgii III. G. 40,

the Revcnae of Customs or Excise, and shall be convicted thereof; in which Cafe the said Commissioners

ifiall and are hereby authorised and required to withdraw such Licence.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Customs shall, and are hereby required to grant such Licence as aforesaid to all and every Per-

son and Persons who is or are now, by Law, intitled to carry or put on board such Goods* and who shall

give such Security as the faidXfommissioners, or ^ny four or more of them, shall deem necessary* and to no

other Person or Persons whatever.

4 XXII. And whereas it has frequently happened, That Ships or Vessels, as well bound to Great Britain

4 from foreign Parts, as from Great Britain to foreign Parts, have passed the usual Places appointed for fta-

* tioning Officers of the Revenue on board of Vessels, and for relieving or landing such Officers, without

* bringing to for such Purpose ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Master or other

Person hiving or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel coming or arriving from foreign

Parts, shall not presume to pass such usual Places, or such other Places as may hereafter be appointed for

that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four or more of them, for the Time

being, without bringing to and receiving the Revenue Officers on board ; or, being outward bound for foreign

Parts, shall not presume to puk without biinging to at such usual Places, or such places as shall be appointed

as aforesaid, for the Purpose of the Cargo being examined, and of relieving or landing such Officers, unless

in case of unavoidable Necessity, or Distress of Weather, or other unavoidable Accident, to be made appear

to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs ; and that every such Master, or other Person, who

shall so pass without bringing to for the Purposes aforesaid, cither inward or outward bound, shall, for each

and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Revenue, properly authorised to examine any Ship or Vessel, or the

Cargo on board thereof, shall, at all Times, have free Access to the Cabin, and every other Part or Place

in such Ship or Vefiel j and in case any Places within the Cabin, Forecastle, Steerage, or any other Part of

the Ship, or any Boxes, Chests, or other Thing contained therein, shall be locked, or in any Manner

(aliened, and the Keys shall be withheld, or the Places shall not be opened for such Officers respectively> orv

their requiring the fame from the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such

Ship or Vessel, such Officer or Officers, if they are of a Degree superior to 1 idefmen or Watermen,

shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered to open the fame in the best Manner they can, and are

hereby indemnified* in so doing ; but if such Officers shall only be in the Class of Tidefmen or Watermen*

they mail, and are hereby required to fend for their superior Officer, who is hereby in like Manner autho-

fifea to open, or cause the fame to be opened ; and (halhbe, and is an<} are hereby indemnified in so doing.

4 XXIAnd whereas', by an Adj passed in the. ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled,

4 An Aftfar better feeuring the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Gut Ports, and other

4 Places, to London ; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majestfs Customs, in the Province of Se-

4 negambia in Africa ; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scot--

4 land a proper Compensation for their Trouble nnd Expences ; for the better PreJ'ervation of Hollies, Thornsr

4 and £>uicljetS'f in For efts, Chafes, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forcjls and Chafes ;.

4 and for authorising the Exportation of a limited ffhiantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from

4 the Port £/“Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney), it is amongst other Things enacted. That no Nanquin Cloth,

4 Muslins, foreign Callicoes, or foreign Dimity, exceeding in Quantity one entire Piece; and no China

4 Earthenware, exceeding in Number twelve Pieces (if the fame shall have been imported or seized at any

4 Out Port in Great Britain), shall be brought, removed, or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any*

4 Out Port or other Place whatsoever, in G?eat Britain, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof,.

4 or to any Place whatever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, without

4 a Certificate from the Collector,. or other proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, at the Port or Place

4 where such Goods were imported or seized, certifying that the Duties upon the Importation of such Goods

4 have been duly-paid or satisfied, or that the said Goods have been before compounded for, or condemned*

‘ which Fadls shall be verified by the Oath of the Importer, or Proprietor thereof, referring to the Times

4 when, and the Place where, such Goods were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such Goods-

* shall have been imported or seized within the Port of London, and sent from thence to any Out Port for Sale,.

4 they shall not be removed as aforesaid from any Out Port into the Port of London, or the Members thereof,.

4 or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London,

4 without a Certificate from the Collector or other proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, at or nearest to

4 the Port or Place from whence such Goods are intended to be removed, certifying that the Owner or Pro-

4~ prietor of such Goods hath made Oath before him, that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, had been..

1 sent to such Owner or Proprietor from London, for Sale, in the lawful Way of Trade, referring to the Time

when, with the Name and Refidenye of the Person from whom such Goods were fenr, and that such Owner

4 or Proprietor verily believed the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods had been duly paid>

wand satisfied, or that the said Goods had been before compounded for or condemned ; and the said respec^

^ five Certificate shall express the Quantity and Quality of the said Goods, with the Marks of the Package

4‘ thereof, to what Places, and to whom the fame are consigned, and by what Carriage the fame are intended

^ to be removed; and if the said. Goods are removed by Land, the said Certificate shall all'o express and limit

4 the Time for which the fame shall continue in force : And whereas further Regulations arc necessary to

‘ attain good Purposes intended by the said Act*;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid*

That, from and after the passing.of this Act, noGoods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Pro-

duction, or Manufacture of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall in any Manner, or upon

any Pretence'whatever, be brought, removed, carried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water, from

S: a»Y;

I

To whom Li*

cencet for that

Purpose shall be*

granted.

Penalty on Maf*

ter* of Vessels,.

who /hall ne-

glefl to bring

to at the usual

Place* appointed1'

for stationiftf

Officer* of tht

Revenue*

Revenue* Offi-

cers on board to

have fiee Aceefr

to the Cabin,

and may open

Locks,* Ac.

Rectal of

9 Geo. 4U

NoCrody, thfe

Growth Of Ma-

nuf^if urc ofaoy

Country beyond-

the Cape of

