477

A. D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 40.

gether with the Interest thereon, computed from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, to the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in order to prevent such Orders from Commissioners

being fraudulently obtained from the Auditor of the Exchequer, or his Officers, by any other Person or

Persons than those who shall be duly intitled to the fame, the said respective Cominissioners appointed for surT^rcM/oMhc

ascertaining the Losses aforementioned, shall make forth, and deliver to each and every Person named in Sums 10 which

the said Books, or to his or her lawful Attorney, to be transmitted by them to the Commissioners of his Ma- they are iotiiled,

jelly’s Treasury, a Certificate containing the Name and Addition of such Claimant, and the Sum to 10 ^etranfmjtted

which he or she shall be intitled ; which Certificate shall be carried to the proper Officer in the Office rrearur/>

of the said Auditor of the Exchequer, who, upon Receipt thereof, shall deliver the Order made out for the

Benefit of such Person, and shall take a Receipt on the Back of such Certificate as a Discharge for the said

Order.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Orders di reeled to be made out for the Purposes Orden to fee

in this Act mentioned, shall be numbered in an Arithmetical Order, beginning with Number^One, and so numbered with,

proceeding, in an Arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall racllc

always be one, and shall be registered accordingly.

Vi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Power§ofthe

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitits, contained in an Act made and M*lt A a for

passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties ^Tder^to

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred and eighty-eight, traiecut un-

(exxept such Clauses as charge the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the said Act, and der this Afi.

except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money L nt on the Credit Exception,

of the said Act, and except the Direction for making forth T'allies for Loans made out,) shall be ap-

plied and extended to the Orders which shall be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

present Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Orders Treasury may

made forth by virtue of this Act shall be filled up by Writing or lndorfements thereon* or by any Acci- cause new Orders

dent be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more [°

of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorised and empowered ma^b^detued!

by his or their Direction, from Time to Time, to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Receipt of the

Exchequer, in Lieu of such Orders which shall be so filled up or defaced, which Orders so filled up or

defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Pur-

pole ; and such Orders so to be made forth in lieu thereof shall, in all Respects, be subject to the fame

Rules, Methods, and Continuance, and have and be intitled to the fame and like Benefits and Advantages,

and bear the fame Numbers, Dates, and principal Sums, as was or were borne by such Order or Orders so

cancelled.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That out of any of the A ids Tre»fury may

or Supplies to be granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Years one thousand seven hundred and order pe,f°n*

eighty-nine, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, one • i^n of this

thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one thousand a6>,&c. to be

(even hundred and ninety-four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and one thousand seven hun- paid out of the

dred and ninety-six, or out of such Monies as shall or may remain in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Supplies, &c.

Fund, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of

them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward such Person or Persons that shall or may be

in any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Labour, Pains, and Service therein respec-

tively, and to satisfy and discharge fuclv incidental Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the Ex-

ecution of the fame, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or mere of

them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that

Behalf.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case sufficient Aids or Supplies shall not be Drfiiencyof

granted before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or before the fifth Day of A,dst0 p«yOr-

sfpril in each subsequent Year, before the Whole of the said Orders, herein directed to be made forth, are

satisfied and paid off with Interest for the fa me, then such Sum as should or ought to be satisfied and paid ihcVonfoiidtted

pursuant to this A<St, in Part of the principal Sum of such Orders, together with the Interest that shall then Fund,

have become due, shall be charged upon such Monies as, at any Time after the said fifth Day of April in

each Year, shall be or remain in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund ; (except such Monies of the said

Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any Ufc or Ufis by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Be-

half j) and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the

fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off such Instalment or Instalments,

and the Interest due and payable on the several Orders, according to the Directions in this Act; any Act

or Aids of Parliament, or any Clause or Clauses in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afoicfaid, That whatever Monies shall be Mon*y [foed

so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the foiidftedFund'

first Supplies to be then-after granted in Parliament 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary not- to be replaced

withstanding. out of the first

XI. And Supplies.

