A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 53.

/mica, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, whether the Duties shall be paid

down in ready Money at the Time of Importation, or whether the fame shall be secured by Bond, as is now

by Law allowed, shall and are hereby directed to be the fame which arc now due and payable in the Cafe of

an Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco paying the Duties down in ready Money at the Time of the Im-

portation thereof, and not securing the fame by Bond; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

, X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Discount shall be paid or allowed, nor

any Allowance whatever shall be made to any Person or Persons whatever, upon Payment of any Sum or

Sums of Money in Discharge of any Bond or Bonds already given or entered into in pursuance of the said

bcrcin-before recited Act, or any other Act or A£fs of Parliament now in force, or which shall be hereafter

given or entered into, in pursuance of the said herein-before recited Act, before the said twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, unless the Person or Persons so paying the lame shall,

within twenty Days after he or they shall have so paid the fame, take the Tobacco for which he or they

shall have (o paid such Sum or Sums of Money out of the Warehouse or W arehouses belonging to his Ma-

jesty, wherein such Tobacco shall have been lodged or deposited.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the

Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America \ to the Allowance

upon the Exportation of fir/7//&-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the

Manufacture of British Sail Cloth; and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth ;

to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of

any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, dirediy to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great

Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the

Province of Quebec in America; to the discootinuing the Duties payable upon the Im-

portation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greafej to the permitting the free Importation

of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and

Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting

other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the

several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to

thecffeftually encouraging the Martufadures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and

to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties

on Rum, shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their

Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough

and undressed Flax from his Majesty’s Colonies in America

i REAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and bene-

' V? ficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Jyi/irual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

me fame, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in-

tituled, An Aof for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purgefes

thnin mentioned, as relates to the Impoitation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called

Lumber y therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or Colonies in Ame-

rica, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one Years,

from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which, by several

fur-kouent Acts, made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Ma-

jc'dy King George the Second, and the fourth, twelfth, and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty’s

Reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the

finx* is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Scifion of Par-

liament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the

Exportation of Rx\i\{h-made Gunpowder, which was to continue in force for five Years from the twenty-fourth

Bay of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and

Eirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, and eighteenth Years of his present

Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the

fime is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September

26 Geo. IU. M one

81.

United States,

liable to the

fame Duty,

uhrther pdd on

Imp r ation, or

secured by Bond.

No Discount to

be allowed on

Bonds, entered

in>o under re-

cited Act, un-

less in to Day*

atfer Dilcharpe,

the Tobacco is

removed.

Preamble.

So much of

8 Geo- 3. c. is.

as re’ates to the

Importation of

Wood, Sec, from

America,

further continue

ed until Sept.

29, 1792, See,

Afl Geo. 2.

c. 29. furthtr

continued untH

Srpt. 19, 1792.

