A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o£avo Georgii III. C. 17.

may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,by and with the Advice and Con-

tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-

eight, the said Act herein before recited shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

\X7 HEREAS the Variety of Reels used, and the Methods practised, in making up Ounce or Nun’s

« Thread for SaleJ have of late introduced great Uncertainty, and given Opportunity to many

c Frauds ruinous to the fair Trader, and to that valuable Manufacture:’ For Remedy whereof, may it

please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai, from and after the first Day of June in the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the Reel used in reeling or making up that Kind of Thread

commonly called Ounce or Nun's Thread, {hull be one Yard or thirty-iix Inches in Circumference; and that

such Person or Persons who shall t’nere-after use, in reeling or making up Ounce or Nun’s Thread, any Reel

or Reels less than one Yard or thirty-six Inches in Circumference, and shall be convicted thereof in Man-

ner herein-after mentioned, shall forfeit the Reel or Reels so used, which shall be broken, burnt, and de-

ftroyed, and shall also pay for every such Offence, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the

fame, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied in Manner also herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of June, all

Ounce or Nun’s Thread manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in Hanks, Ounces, Quarters,

and Pounds, Avoirdupois Weight, each Hank containing thirty Threads or Rounds of the said Reel of one

Yard or thirty-six Inches in Circumference, of the fame Quality and Finenefs; and each Ounce containing

a particular Number of such Hanks entire, of the fame Quality and Finenefs, and no Fraftions or broken

Parts of a Hank; and each Qua iter containing four such Ounces, of the fame Quality and Finenefs; and

. each Pound containing four such Quarters, of the fame Quality and Finenefs; and the Cover of each Pound

orfmaller Package of such Thread, shall be marked with a Stamp, ascertaining the Contents of such Package

to be Ounce or Nun’s Thread, and specifying the Number of Hanks in each Ounce thereof, and expressing

the Manufacturer’s Name and Place of Abode: And that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and

after the said first Day of June, reel or make up any such Thread in any other or different Manner than as

aforesaid, or sell or expose to Sale any Ounce or Nun’s Thread manufactured in Great Britain, but such as

is reeled, made up, and damped in Manner aforesaid; and that such Person or Persons, who, after the said

first Day of June, shall reel or make up any such Thread in another or different Manner than as aforesaid,

or who shall feU, or expose to Sale, any such Thread of the Manufacture of Great Britain, so reeled or made

up in another or different Manner than as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be so improperly reeled or made

up, and Chall be convicted thereof as herein-after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons

who shall inform and sue for the same, the Thread so reeled or made up contrary to the Intent and Meaning

of this Act, and the Sum of ten Pounds for each Pound thereof, Avoirdupois Weight, to be levied in Man-

ner after mentioned: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be extended to such Ounce

or Nun’s Thread, of forty Threads in the Hank, as shall be bona fide manufactured and made up and on

Hand at the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall imitate

or counterfeit the Mark or Stamp used by any Manufacturer of such Thread, in order to make the Thread

therewith stamped pass for the Manufacture of the Person whose Stamp is so counterfeited, or who shall

mark or stamp any Thread with a Stamp so counterfeited, or who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any Thread

so marked with a counterfeit Stamp, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and shall be convicted thereof

in Manner after mentioned, shall, in every such Cafe* forfeit all such Stamp or Stamps, to be broken and,

destroyed, and shall also forfeit, to and for the Use of the Person whose Stamp is so counterfeited, the Thread

so stamped with such counterfeited Stamp, and the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied in Manner herein-after

mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any^two

or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, within which any

Offence against this Act shall be committed, or within which the Offenders shall relide or be found, to hear

and determine all Offences against this Act; and such Justices are hereby impowered and required, on In-

formation exhibited, or Complaint to them made in Writing in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused,

and also the Witnesses on cither Side, and to examine into trie Matter, and upon Proof made thereof, cither

by the voluntary Confession, or by Examination of the Party acculed, or by the Oath of two or more credible

Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Forfeiture and Penalties, according as in and by this Act is directed, and

to issue their Warrant for carrying such Sentences into Execution^ and for levying the Penalties by'Distress

and Sale (if not redeemed within ten Days) of the Offender’s Goods or Effects, rendering the Overplus,

if any shall be, after deducting the Charge of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and

in case such Goods or Effects cannot be found fuffeient for Payment of the said Penalties, then to commit

the Offender or Offenders to the Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where

the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such Penalties be

3 H 2 * sooner

409

and rep^alcdqi

Preamble*

From June T*

1788, Reel*

of less Cir-

cumference

than one Yard,

used in making

Ounce Thre ad,

to be forfeited,

and a Ho 5 I.

In what Manner

Ounce Thread

is to be made

up.

Persons making

up Ounce

Thread contrary

h?re;o, or Jelling

the fame, to for-

feit the Thread,

an 1 iol. so.- each

P- und Weight

thereof.

Not to extend to

'1 hread of 40

Threads in the

Hank, manu-n

figured prior to

June j, 1788.

r

Person* counter-

fei ing S amp*,

&c. to forfeit the

fame, and the

Thread, as also

10 1.

Justices roajr de-

ter mi neOffencee

against this Act

and mar com-

mit to Gaol Of-

fenders not pay-

ing Penalties*

