A. D- 17 $9. Anno vicesimo nono G e pr g ii III. C. 53. 559

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall he deemed, taken, and FuUuk AlU

allowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a Pubiick Ad; and all Judges and Justices of such Courts are

hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIII.

An for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland^ Greenland^ and Southern

Whale Fisheries.

w

WHEREAS, as well by immemorial Uftge as by the Provisions of former Laws, the Right and Preamble*

Privilege of drying Fish on the island of Newfoundland do not belong to any of his M.ijesty’s

drying Fife on the Shores of the Island of Newfoundland,’ be it declared and enabled by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Loids Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this pre!cnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Fith, taken or

caught by any of his Majidy’s Subjects, or other Persons, arriving at Newfoundland, or its Dependencies,

or on the Banks of the said island, except from Great Britain, or one of the British Dominions in Europe,

shall ne permitted to belauded or dried on the said Island of Newfounding, always excepting the Rights

granted by Treaty to the Subjects of his most Christian Majesty on thitPurt of the Island of Newfoundland

beginning at Cape Saint John, passing to the North and defeending by the western Coast of the said Island to

the Place called Cape Raye.

II. And whereas it is thought expedient that the Owners of Ships employed in the Greenland Fishery

4 should be allowed to receive the Bounty granted by an Act, passed in the twenty- sixth Year of his present

4 iVlajeft^’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried cn

in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, although such Ships depart from those Seas before the tenth

4 Day of August then following, and although they be not laden with the Quantity of Whale Fins, and of

4 Oil or Blubber in proportion thereto, required by the said Act, in case it shall appear by the Log Books

4 of such Ships that they have not departed from those Seas till the End of sixteen Weeks from the

4 Day they respectively (ailed from the Ports where they were surveyed and cleared outbe it therefore

further enacted, That any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall be allowed and entitled to receive

the Bounty granted by the said Act, for any Ship which shall have proceeded, or shall proceed upon the

said Whale Fi&ery from any Port of Great Britain, or the Blands of Guerrfry, Jerfy, or Man, after the

first Day oTJanuary one thousand (even hundred and ninety, and shall have failed, or shall fail from the Port

where (he was surveyed and cleared out, directly on her intended Voyage, on or before the tenth Day of

April in each and every Year, although (he shall depart from the Greenland Seas or Davis9s Streights, or the

adjacent Seas, before the tenth Day of August then following, and although (he shall not be laden, if of the

Burthen of three hundred Tons, with thirty Tons of Oil, or Blubber in proportion thereto, the Blubber to

be rated with respect to the Oil as three to two, and one Ton and a Half of Whale Fins or if (lie be of

greater or lesser Burthen, with a Quantity of Oil or Blubber and Whale Fins in like Proportion to the

Tonnage of such Ship, being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, caught by the Crew thereof,

or with the Assistance of the Crew of some other licensed Ship, in case it shall appear by the Log Book of

such Ship, that (he had continued with her Crew in the said Seas, diligently endeavouring to catch Whales

or other Creatures living in those Seas, and did not depart from thence till the Expiration of fixteon Weeks

from the Time of her fading from the Port where (he shall have been lurveyed and cleared out; provided

such Ship shall not have touched at any other Port during her Voyage, and shall have com; lied with all the

other Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, imposed by the said Act.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

1 An Act for amending an Act, made in the twentysixth Tear of Ids present Ala] fyd Reign, w for the Encou-

44 raiment of the Southern IVhcde Fisheryf and for making further Provisions for that Putpcfe, the three

4 Ships or Vessels, which are entitled to the Premiums therein granted on their doubling Cape Horn, or

4 passing through the Streights of Magellan, are required not to return in less Time than eighteen Months,

and it is thought suficient that such Ships or Vessels (hculd be obliged to continue out no longer than

4 sixteen Months be it therefore further erased by the Authortiy aicrefaid, That the Owner or Owners

of such of the Pud three Ships or Vessels which shall fail after the passing this Act, shall be entitled to the

laid additional Premiums, granted by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

under the Conditions, Regulations, and Rtfti idlions, in the said Act mentioned, in case such Snips of Vef*

fels shall not return in less Time than sixteen Months, from the 7'ime of her dealing out, and on or before

the first Day of Dec ember, in the iecond Year after that in which such Ship o; Veftel shall have fitted and

cleared out.

than 16 Monih»*and by Dec. iof in the second Year

No Fish, onlefr

c?ught by Sub-

jects of Gie*l

Britain, or of

the Bruifh

Dominions in

Eu ope, to he

landed or c red

at Newfound-

land, the R

as ceced to 1 he'

French ex-

cepted.

zQ Geo. 3.C. 41,

rccucd.

After Jin. ?.

N 1790, ships to

be entitled lo

the Bounties

gianted by the

recited Act, that

shall fail by

April 10,) early,

the ugh they

lease the

Greenland Seat-

or Davis's

Streights before

Aug. 10 follow-

ing, and shall

not be laden

agreeable to the

Regulations of

the recited Af>.

up n tl eCoodi--

tion? Ik rein

Specified.

aS Geo. 3. c. 7.0

recited, and aiiet

passing this t\t\f

the three Ships

entitled to the

B unties there-

by pranted on

doutsltug

Horn, «i piling

through me

Streams of

Magellan, to be,

en itlrd thereto,

if they shall

return in 1?(»

after clearing out.

IV. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Owner of any Ship or VefleLshall be entitled to the Owner* of Vrf«

1 Premiums granted by the said last-mentioned Acts, passed in the tweiuy-sixth and twenty-eighth Years

^ Condition*

