A.D. 1787* Anno vicesimo feptimo GeorghIII* Ci3* 327

TABLE B.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom,

and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, being imported by the United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the East Indies and not being particularly charged with Duty

when, so imported*

Ahngoes, For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross

Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the PubHck Sales

of ^the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

China Ware, For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross

Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales

of^the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Cotton ManuU tures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every

£. 100 of to* true and reai Value thereof according to the Gross Price at

which such Goods iha.l have been sold at the Publiclc Sales of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies —

Cowries* For every £ 10a of tire true and reai Valuo thereof according to the Gross

Price at wmen such Goods shall have been sold at the Publiclc Sales

of roe United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies — — — — —

Drugs, manufactered, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every

£• 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at

which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publiclc Sales of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Ind es —

Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every

£. 100 of the true a d real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at

which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

Japanned or Lacquered Wares, for every £• 100 of the true and real V alue thereof accord-

ing to the Gross Price at whion such Goods shall have been sold at the

Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies — —- — —

Mullins Plain, Nanquin Cloth, Mullins or White Callicoes Flowered or Stiched, for

every £. too of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross

Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the

United Company"of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

Tea, For cVery100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price

at which it shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies — —

—exported to Ireland or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, for

every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof as abovementioned

N. B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which

the Drawback may be allowed on Tea exported to Ireland, or to any of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, Vide 25 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 74.

N. B. Tea is also subject to the Duty of Excise.

Gdods, Wares, and Merchandize prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, im-

- ported for Exportation only, for every £. 100 of the tru? and real Value

thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been

sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East .Indies •— — — —

— On Exportation to Africa (except to the Blands of Madeira, the Canary Blands,

the Azores or Western Hies) the following Drawbacks are to be allowed,

viz.

■ ip" Alleijars, the Piece — — — — —

ii

Duty.

Drawback*

C

3>

47

So

3i

40

31

49

18

5

10

13

C

29

45

48

*9

3?

d.

16

10

16

10

47

10

>5

—1;

