At ID* iyf8&»

C. 57—62#

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

FORM of CONVICTION.

Middlesex.TgtL it remembered, That, on the Day of in the Year of

our Lord one thousand seven hundred at in the County of

aforesaid, A. B. came before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

the said County, etcetera, and informed me, that £ F. of _ on the

Day of now last past, at in the said County, did [Here Jet forth

the Fa ft in the Manner described by the Act] whereupon the said £ F. after being duly summoned to

answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the Day of

at in the said County, and having heard the Charge contained

in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the fame being fully

proved upon the Oath of G. II. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, that he

the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information: It is therefore con-

iidered and adjudged by me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict

him of the Offence aforesaid; and I ao hereby declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. h^th forfeited the

Sum of of lawful Money or Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as

the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of one thousand

seven hundred

This it to be inserted f ^fter Words,* u being duly summoned to answer to the said Charge,” insert (did

where the Party re- 1 not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons), or (did neglect and refuse to

fuse* to appear upon the ] make any Defence against the said Charge, but the fame being fully proved, etcetera),

Summons. as before.

This is to be inserted f After the Words, u contained in the said Information,” insert (acknowledged and

when the Party accused 2 voluntarily confessed the fame to be true, and it manifestly appears to me the said

coafeffes the Charge. I Justice, etcetera) as above*

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or

Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others,leading to and from the

£ud Harbour 5 and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh,

to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas y and to borrow Money for these Purposes.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed

on the River Tyne, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able

to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such

Skippers and Keelmen.

CAP. LX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

George the Third, for paving, chanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows,

Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex ;

and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for

paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

CAP. LXI.

Ait Act for continuing an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

^ for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in

the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and

for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the fame with JVater ;

eund for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the twenty-third Tear of the.

-Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how

the said Road shall be repaired and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County.

CAP. LXII,

A.n Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Peter le Poor, within the City of

London, and for widening the Street adjacent.

*8 Geo. HI. jY CAP.

