A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 8, 9. 257

44 herein specified, for the Officers and Men while at annual Exercise. Captains of Companies to make up

44 Accounts of the Money they receive, &c. on account of such Exercise, fcrV. . During the Time the

44 Troops are embodied, and called out into actual Service, and receive Pay as the King’s other Forces, all

44 Pay and Allowance from the Receiver General is to ccafe. Receivers General to pay the Allowances to

14 Clerks of the General Meetings, and to the Clerics of the Subdivision Meetings, upon producing Orders

44 from the Lieutenant or Deputy-lieutenants; which Order to be a Discharge to Receivers General. Re-

41 gimental and Battalion Clerks to give Security for paying and accounting for the Monies received by

44 them; the Bonds to be lodged with the Receivers General, and put in Suit by them on Non-performance

44 of the Conditions; and they are entitled thereupon to full Costs and Charges; and 5 /. per Cent. of the

44 Money recovered \ the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor. The Regimental and Battalion

44 Clerks, and Captains of Independent Companies, are to deliver in Accounts of their Receipts and Dif-

44 burfements. Costs, &Y. to be recovered in any Court of Record at IVeJlmivJhr. No Fee payable for

44 any Warrant or Sum of Money iilued in pursuance of this Act. Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to an

44 Allowance as having served in the reduced Horle Guards, may, though serving in the Militia, receive

44 the fame. Receiver General, upon receiving a Warrant from the Commanding Officer, certifying the

44 Receipt of the Clothing, and an Order for Payment, is to pay the lame accordingly. Deputy Lieu-

44 tenants, and Officers above the Rank of Subalterns, who shall deliver in their Qualifications to the Clerks

4Uof the Peace before July 1, 1787, to be indemnified from any Penalties under Ati 26 Geo. 3. c. 107. No

44 Militia Man inrolled prior to November 1, 1786, shall be required to join, unless his Regiment be called

44 into actual Service. No Man inrolled only for three Years, and of whom no Attendance has been re-

44 quired, shall be entitled to Pay or Clothing. If any Regiment, idc. shall cease, 3 s. per Diem is to be paid'

44 to the Adjutant from such Time to March 25, 1788.”

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting Rates of Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets,

between Great Britain and the Pore of IVateYford, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ by way

of Milford Haven.

\X7RE REAS it hath been found necessary, for the Convenience and Improvement of Trade and Preamble^

Commerce, and for the more speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain

and Ireland, to establish Packet Boats between the Port of Milford Haven in the County of Pembroke, and

the Port of Waterfordin the Kingdom of Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of From April 5,

Jprilone thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Pod- J787> P°stage

master General, and his Deputy and Deputies, by him thereunto iutficiently authorised, to and for the Use laken for

of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of Veue^and00

of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed, by Packet Boats, to or from the pa:kets from

Port cf Milford, Haven aforesaid, or to or from any other convenient Port in the Kingdom of Great Britain, Milford Haven

from or to the Port of JValerford aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the said Kingdom of to Waterford,

Ireland (over and above all other Rates payable for the Portage and Conveyance of such Letters and

Packets), according to the Rates and Sums hereafter mentioned (the fame being rated either by the Letter,

or by the Ounce) 5 that is to say,

For every Single Letter, Sixpence: ' Rates of Poit-

For every Double Letter, One Shilling:

For every Treble Letter, One Shilling and Sixpence:

And for every Ounce, Two Shillings; -

And so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, and other Things.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letter or Packet, font Pott’ge of L;t-

by the Port from or to London, to or from the Port of JVatcrford aforesaid, by way of Milford Haven, shall *Cf*rrom or

be charged with an higher Rate of Portage than Letters and Packets sent from or to London, to or from Dub* te^odr°n way

lin9 by the way of Holy heady are now rated and liable to pay. ‘ of Milford Ha-

ven, not to exceed the Rates cf Pottage between London and Dublin, by way of Holyhead.

III. And be it further ena.rted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat the Monies to arise by the Rates and Monies anting

Duties aforesaid (except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in under ch»sA£w

the*Colle<ftion and Management of the lame), shall be appropriated and applied to such and the fame Lfcs as a* the prefect

the present Rates ami Duties of Portage are now, or shall be respectively made applicable. Rates of Pottage

now are.

CAP.

