\

I

334 C. 13. (F.) Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. >7*7-

\

Coaches, continued

For every Calash, Chaise, and Chair, with Two Wheels, or by whatsoever Name such Carriage?

are or may be called or known, which shall be built or constructed in- Great Britain for Sale ; to

be paid by the Maker thereof, Ten Shillings. — — — —

COCOA NUTS AND COFFEE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any British

Colony or Plantation in America, imported inio Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out

of the Warehouse in which the fame shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the

proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Sixpence Halfpenny. — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other

Place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which

the fame shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of -the proper Officers for securing

the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity, One Shilling and Eight-pence. — — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony

or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the

Warehouse in which the fame shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper

Officer for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for

any greater or lesser Quantity, Sixpence Halfpenny. — — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place,

imported into Great Britain, arid which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the

fame shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the

Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity, One Shilling and Eight pence. — — — —

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made and sold by Retail in Great Britain; to

be paid by the Retailer thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Fourteen

Shillings and Seven-pence. — ' — — — — —

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made and fold in Great Britain in Quantities

of Twenty Gallons or upwards, by any Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry from Fruit of

the Growth of such Dealer or Retailer; to be paid by such Dealer or Retailer, and so in Proportion

for any greater or lesser Quantity, Six Shillings and Eleven-pence. — —

For every Hogshead of such last mentioned Cyder or Perry, which shall be received into the Custody

or Possession of any Person or Persons to be by such Person or Persons fold or disposed of; to be

paid by such Person or Persons, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Seven

Shillings and Eight-pence. — — — — —

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made in Great Britain, and which shall

be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent who shall receive the same to fell or dispose of; to be

paid by such Factor or Agent, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Nineteeen

Shillings and Two-pence. — — — — —

For every Ton of Cyder or Perry which (hal be imported from beyond the Seas into

Great Britain, and (o in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the

Importer thereof before the Landing thereof. Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six

GLASS.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what

Name soever the fame are or. may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain

in the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Paste Glals, or Phial Glass, and

so m Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Pound One Shilling and Five-pence

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what

Name soever the fame are or may be called of known, that shall be made use of in Great

Britain in the making of Spread Window GIafsy commonly called or known by the Name of

Broad Gla/Sy and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight Shillings and One

Halfpenny. . — — - — — — —

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name

soever the fame are or may he called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain

in the making of all other YV indow Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether Flalhed or otherwise

manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown GlaJ,i, or of German

Sheet G.qfs, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Sixteen Shillings and One

Penny Farthing. — — — — —

For every Hundred YYreight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what

Name soever the fame are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great

Britain in the making of common Bottles (the fame not being Phials) and of Vessels made

ule of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glalfcs, and of all other Vessels or Utensils

l7

10

14

l9

16

16

61

61

it

,x;

