The TITLES of

fomption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not

have Licences to fell Beer or Ale.

j$. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of

Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the

Exportation of live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool,

Woolfcls, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worded,

Gruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and oth?r Manufactures, or

pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought

up' or otherwise put together, so as the fame may be re-

duced to, and made use of as. Wool again, Mattrafles

or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for

combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-

pipe Clay, from this' Kingdom, and from the Kies of

Jersey, Guernsey, Abler ney, Sark, and Man, into foreign

Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in

the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the

Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Winding of Wool.

39. An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other

Spirits, from his Majesty *s Colonies or Plantations in the

IVdjl Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Pay-

ment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restric-

tions.

40. An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have fuf-

fered in their Rights and Properties, during the late un-

happy Diflenfions in America> in consequence of their

Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British

Government; and for making Compensation to such Per-

sons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of

the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King

of Spain.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity

to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

41. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity

for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, IVife of Sir Guy Carl-

ron, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath,

and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said

Sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent Services

performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

43. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain

Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General

in North America, in confederation of his diligent and me-

ritorious Services in that Office.

44. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire

into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who

have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and ProfefEons,

during the late unhappy Diflenfions in America, in confe-

quence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment

to the British Government.

45. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exporta-

tion of Hay.

46. An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the fe-

veral Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and

Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there

u(ed in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his

Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regu-

lating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from Eng-

land to Scotland^ and from Scotland to England; and to

continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discon-

tinue for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon

Law Heines and Spirits for Home Corfumption; and for

granting and securing the Due Payment of other Duties in

lieu thereof\ and for the better Regulation of the making and

vending British Spirit;; and for aifcontinningx for a limited

the STATUTES.

Time) certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits

imported from the Weft Indi 'S.

47. An Act for allowing further Time for Enrolment of

Deeds andf Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

testant Purchasers.

48. An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney-Sweep-

ers, and their Apprentices.

49. An Act to enable Justices- of the Peace to act as such,

in certain Cales, out of the Limits of the Counties 111

which they actually are.

50. An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time,

an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Ac1 for further regulating

the Trade and Bujhiefs of Pawnbrokers.

51. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of

so much of two Acts passed in the eleventh and fifteenth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving

and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and

Isis,from the City ^London to the Town s/'Cricklade, in

the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said

Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City

of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to

the said T own of Crick lade.

52. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of con-

troverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in

Parliament.

53. An Act to indemnify and save harmlefe all Persons who '

may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act,

passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act to dffolve the present and prevent the future

Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships,

and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of

the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this King-

dom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade;

and also an Act, passed in the third Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled. An

Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade \ and for

the better preventing of Combinations in the Trade of

Coals.

54. An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the Shipping

and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of

Africa.

55. An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of

Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines an-

nexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the Punishment

of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames,

Machines, or Engines, and the Frame work-knitted Pieces,

Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in

the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory; or

breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any

Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or

foinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking

Frame.

56. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-fifth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for regulating lvfurances on Ships, and on Goods, Mer-

chandizes, or Effects; and for fubilituting other Provisionsf

for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof.

57. An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be

carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages.

58. An Act for enlarging and improving die Harbour

of Leith; for making a new Baibn, Quays, Wharfs,

or Docks; for building Warehdufcs; for making new

Roads and widening others, leading to and from the said

Harbour; and for empowering the Lord Provost, Magi-

strates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase

Lands, Houses, and Areas; and to borrow Money for

these Purposes.

Jz S9* An

