A. D. 1786, Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 14.

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall, (or every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings ; and in case of Non-payment thereof, every such Of-

fender thal} and may be committed, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the

Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to the House of Correction for the said County

of Surrey, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor lese than one Ca-

lendar Month* onlefe the said Penalty or Forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be

diffitisfied with, or think him or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals sold to him or her by

Wharf Measure, within the Limits aforesaid, and shall, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter’s Ticket

accompanying such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have the fame re-measured, then, and in every such

Cafe, the Carman or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall

continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said

Cart or Carriage, until they are re-measured, under the Penalty of five Pounds on the Owner or Pro-

prietor and twenty Shillings on the Driver of the said Cart or Carriage ; and the said Purchaser shall im-

mediately fend, or cause to be font, to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in

Writing that the said Coals are going to be re-measured, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land Coal-

meter’s Office, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter

under whole Inspection the said Coals were originally measured), shall, within the Space of two Hours next

after such Notice in Writing left at the iJand Coal-meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to re-measure the said

Coals, and shall accordingly re-measure the fame. Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender and Pur-

chafer of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to fee the feme

re-measured, and also in the Presence of one of the Principal or Labouring Coal-meters of or for the

Cities of Londonor Westminster, if any such shall attend, the Attendance of whom shall have been pro-

cured by the Purchaser of the Coals ; for which Re-admeasurement the Purchaser shall pay the Principal

Coal-meters or Coal-meter appointed by this Act the Sum of six Pence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-

measured ; and in case the Coals thus re-measured shall not, in the Judgment of such Meter from the

Cities of London or Westminster, if any such shall attend, and if not, then in the Judgment of such first-

mentioned Principal or Labouring Coal-meter, amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the

Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient, the Sum of five

Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure, to and for the

Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be so re-measured, and the Labouring Meter, under

urhofe Inspection the Coals were first measured, shall for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum

of five Pounds, which Sum, if not paid within five Days next after his Conviction, shall and may be re-

covered from the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Meter for the Time being, and the

Coal Porters who shall measure the fame for the Vender thereof, (nail, for every Bushel of Coals so want-

ing, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Cafes where any

Cart shall be Hopped or detained for the Purpose or Pretence of re-adraeafuring the Coals laden thereon,

the Owner of every such Cart shall be entitled to the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence per Hour, for

every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals ; which two Mil-

lings and six Pence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the feme shall, upon

such Re-admeasurement, be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of the said Coals, in case the

feme shall not be re-measured, or shall, upon such Re-admeasurement, be found to amount to the Quantity

for whfeh the feme were fold.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Seller of, or Dealer

in Coals within the Limits aforesaid, shall, for any Offences under this Act, be subject or liable to any

other Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability, than what are herein before respectively inflicted or enacted; any

Thing in the Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled,

An Act for the better Regulation of the CqgI Trade), or in any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Penalties

and Forfeitures imposed and to be incurred by virtue of or under this Act, shall be recovered and applied in

the Manner* and to and for the Purposes following $ (that is to fey), such and so many of the said Penalties

and Forfeitures as do and shall respectively exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, one Moiety Vhereof,

when recovered, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and

the other Moiety thereof (with full Costs of Suit) to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall

inform or (iie for the fame; and all other the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by way

of Complaint, made unto any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Swrey9

who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Com-

plaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in this Respect shall be given by any of

the People called §tuakers}% and upon due Proof thereof made, to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a

Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Penalties and Forfeiture^

accordingly, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety to and

for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed \ apd

in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not (after such Conviction or Convictions) be forthwith paid, that

then the fame shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Offenders, by

Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the

Q a Peace,

XI

Coali may be

re*<nealured.

PenJtiet on

Vender, Meter,

Me if found to

be (hart Met*

fare.

Carmen to be

paid % 1. 6d.ptr

Hour when (top-

ped to re-mea-

Stire Coda.

Dealert offend-

ing uoder thit

Act not liable to

Penaltiet of

3 Geo. a, c. li,

ax.

Penalties and

Forfeitures hoar

to be recovered

and applied.

