448 C. 37. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

From July 5,

1788. 1 he fol-

lowing Draw-

backs t. be paid

On the Export!

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, there shall be paid for and upon all Hides and Skins, and

Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and exported as Mer-

chandize to foreign Parts, the following Drawbacks ; that is to say.

tion of Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, vi*.

F r every lb. of

Buck, See. Skin,

1 1.3

For every lb. of

Sheep cr Lmb

Skin drelled and

©nanuf^flurcd,

3 d* 5

For every lb. bf

ail other Skins

drelTcd and ma-

nufactured, 6 d. 5

For every lb. of

ShrepSUin*, -

drclTed and duly

marked, t*o

Thirds of the

Duty 5

For every lb. of

all o'vher Skin*

(except Lamb

Skins} dressed '

and duly nm>k-

td, two Thirds of

the Duty.

Buck, &c. Skint

imp ’rted since

June 1, 1788,

and not en'ered,

to be subject to

the Duties, &c.

of (his A^.

No ExciseDraw-

back to be paid

on Hides or

SJ^ins, but those

granted by this

AO.

Drawbacks to

be paid according

to the Rules,

Ac. of *5 Geo.

3-«• 74-

Buck or Deer

Skins must hat©

tiad the Hair

only taken off,

to be deemed

kalf-drcfici.

For every Yard

of Yard-wide

Sruffs printed,

Ac. - not liable

to Duty under

%1 Geo. 3. c.

13.), except such

•s is dyed of one

Colour, Sec. a.

Duty to be paid

of 5 d. 2 3.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck or Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, which shall befo dressed

in Oil in Great Britain (and for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid),

whether manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares or not, and exported as Merchandize to so-

reign Parts, one Shilling :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in

GreavBritain (and for which the Duties hereby imposed in respeSt thereof shall have been paid), which

shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to foreign

Parts, three Pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in

Great Britain (and for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), which

shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to foreign

Parts, six Pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep Skins,which shall have been so dressed in Oil in Great

Britain, and duly marked (and for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been

paid), and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, twp Thirds of the Duties by this Act imposed in respect

thereof respectively:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins (except Lamb Skins) which shall

have been so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for which the Duties by this Act im-

posed in respect thereof (lull have’been paid), and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, two Thirds of

the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Buck or Deer Skins undressed*

Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, which may have been imported into

this Kingdom since the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, but of which

Entries have not been made, shall be subje£t and liable to the several Duties of Customs and Excise imposed

by this Act, and no other; and shall be allowed the like Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof from this

Kingdom, in like Manner as if they had been imported after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-eight.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Excise Drawback whatsoever shall,

from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be paid or payable

on the Exportation of any Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins, dressed in Oil, whether

manufactured or made into Goods or Wares or not, save and-except such Drawbacks as are granted by

this Act.

^ VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of

Excise hereby imposed in respect of such HidcS and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, so

dressed in Oil in Great Britain, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and

Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, (intituled. An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an A ftpajjid in the hftSeJJtan of

Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much offtveralAfls as relates to the

Removal of Tea ; for dire Bing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Com-

modities ; and for better securing the Duties on Candles)y concerning the Exportation of Exciseable Com-

modities.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Buck or Deer Skins shall

be deemed or taken to be half-dressed, within the Meaning of this Act, but such as are now usually imported

under that Denomination, and which have undergone no other Operation or Dressing but that of taking off

the Hair.

VIII. 4 And whereas, immediately before the Commencement of the said Act made in the twenty-seventh

4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled as aforesaid), certain Duties were payable upon all

4 Stuffs, except Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the gfeateft Part in Value should be Woollen, printed

*• stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain: And whereas it was intended to charge, by the said ASt

4 made in the twenty-(eventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Duty upon all such Stuffs (ex-

4 cept as aforesaid) printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain; but no such Duty is by that Adk

4 charged upon certain Sorts of such Stuffs so printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and it is expedient that a

4 Duty should be charged upon the fame Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That there

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Yard in

Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Stuffs, other than such Stuffs for or in respect whereof any Duty of

Excise is, by the said Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, imposed

on the fame being printed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (and except such thereof, as shall be dyed

throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall

be Woollen), and which shall be primed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and so its Proportfoa

7 for

