A.D. 1789, Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 68. 633

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, five and except the proper Officer of W *"r Pfr^r*.

Excise-at the enumerated Port of Exportation, shall open any such Package after the feme shall have been

so secured and sealed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully destroy, damage, or deface such Seal or Mark, every such of.,*r',y r!iiea

Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. pjc kafrf, Ac.

he ihjk forfeit 50’.

Person? enter*

» g for Export*

at ion Tolucco

m x d with

RubLifli, Ac. to

lorteit the tinte,

*irh fh Pa^k*

ani fool,

so: every Ci-lk.

Roll or Carrot

Tobacco I t £x«

poitation con*

timing m re

than the Quin-

tit ei herein at

towed vf Water,

Ac. to Ue for-

feited.

Before shipping

Short Cut To-

bacco, fee. for

Exportation,

Bond to be gives

for iu being

fairly exported

a> Merchaodixe

to the Place spe-

cilied in the No-

tice, Sc c.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for any manufactured Tobacco

v;hich is or shall be mixed with Rubbish or Dirt, or any other Ingredients, Matter or T hing whatsoever,

rot necessary or usual in- the manufactur ng thereof; and every Person who shall enter or ship for Ex*

portation, or caure to be entered or shipped for Exportation, 2ny manufactured Tobacco mixed with

Kubbifh or Dirt, or with any other Ingredients, Matter or Thing whatsoever, or who shall enter any

T hing for Exportation as T obacco, which, upon Examination by any Officer or Officers of the Customs

or Excise, shall appear not to be Tobacco, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall forfeit

all such Goods, and the Hrgfheafs, Casses, Chens, Cafes, and other Packages containing the fame,

and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Hogsnead, Cask, Chctt, Cafe, or other Package

thereof.

CXXXIL And be it further enacted, That if any Roll Tobacco for Exportation shall be found to con-

tain more than ten Pounds Weight of Water, or Ingredients other than Tobacco, for every one hundred

Pounds Weight, or if any Carrot Tobacco for Exportation dial! be found to contain more than twenty

Pounds Weight of Water or Ingredients, ether than Tobacco, for every one hundicd Pounds Weight

of such Roll Tobacco or Carrot l obacco relpetStively, then all such Roll Tobacco and Carrot Tobacco

respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fuzed by any Officer or Officers of the Outturns or

Excise.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of

any such Short.Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, shall also, before the

shipping the fame, give Bond to his Majesty,his Heirs and Successors, with two other sufficient Sureties, of

which the Matter or other Person having or t. king the Charge or Command of the Ship or VeffeJ in or on

board which such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, respectively, is

intended to be exported, shall he one, such Surety, other than such Matter or other Person, to be approved

of by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them rtfpec-

tively, or the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in treble the Amount of all the Duties intended to be

drawn back on such Exportation of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll or Carrot Tobacco,

respectively, that such Short Cut Tobacco, Snag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco respetStively,

and every Part thereof, shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be shipped and fairly

exported as Merchandize to, and landed in the Port or Place to which the fame respectively is in such No-

tice in that Behalf herein-before directed to be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall not

be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoeveri and shall not be unshipped, unladen, or

put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident

excepted), nor relanded in Great Britain, or the I/le of Many or the Islands of GuernJJerfcy, Alderney,

or Sark, unk fs entered and shipped out for the said Islands respectively, according to this Act, or the Elands

of Faro or Ferro; which Bond the proper Officer of Excise of such of the Ports herein-before enumerated*

from whence such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco respectively,

shall be exported, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’9 Use; and the

Exporter mall also, before the (flipping of any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or

Carrot Tobacco reflectively, make Oath that he believes the Duties upon such Tobacco have been fully

paid, which Oath they the respe^ive Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them for the Time

being, are, and the proper Officer of Excise for the Time being is, hereby authorised and required to ad-

miniffer; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them*or such proper Officer,

being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall, within one Month after the actual Exportation of such

Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco receptively, give to the Exporter

thereof respectively a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the several Quantities of such Short Cut To-

bacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco respectively, and that all the Duties hereby im-

posed on such Tobacco have been paid for the fame, and that Bond- with sufficient Security, hath been

given before the shipping the fame for the Exportation thereof 5 and such Certificate or Debenture being

produced to the Collector of Excise of such of the Ports herein-before enumerated*from whence such Short

Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco respectively, were so respectively ex-

ported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Person or Persons so exporting the feme, out of the Excise Duties

by this Act imposed on Tobacco, the following Drawbacks of Excise; (that is to fey,)

For every Pound Weight of such Short Cut Tobacco so exported, an Excise Drawback of Nine-

pence. bKto* od

For every Pound Weight of such Shag Tobacco so exported, an Excise Drawback of Eight pence Far- For elcryib. of

thing: Slug, Sd. i-4tlkv

For every Pound Weight of such Roll Tobacco so exported, an Excise Drawback of Ninepence: For every lb. of

Ajid fur every Pound Weight of such Carrot Tobacco fa exported, an Excise Drawback of Eight- Fo^ib.of

Police.: " Carrot,

And.

and within a

Month after tho.

Exportation

thereof, the

Commissionera

of Excise, Ac.

to give a Ocben- -

tore to the Ex-

porter; which

being produced

to the CoUcdof

of Excise, at the -

Port of Ship-

ping, hr shall

pay the Draw-

back* following*,

^.oooole

