A.D. 1786

67

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 50.

CAP. L.

An A<5fc for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Eifliery.

4 WHEREAS it is proper to encourage, by new and additional Premiums, the Fishery carried on Preamble.

by his Majesty’s European Subjects in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and

€ Davis's Streights, for the Purpose of taking Whales and other Creatures found in those Seas: And whereas

it is of Importance that immediate Efredt should be given to such new and additional Premiums; for

4 which Real'oii it is nccefliry to repeal the Laws by which the present Premiums arc granted ;’ be it thue-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Leris Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Thar, from and alter the fifteenth Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, so much of

an Act, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Art for the Encourage- p3Tt of qcu

went of the Fijhcries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Rritiih Dominions in Europe; and for 3. c. 31 . j

fcuring the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisherits, to the Ports thereof at

the End of the Fifing Serf on, as relates to the Whale Fishery carried on to the Southward of the Green-

land Seas and Davis's St?eights: And also so much of another Adf passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the IPhale Fishery, carried on and 16 Cta

from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for regulating the Fees to be c. 47. itpeaUd.

taken by the Officers of the Cif loats in the Island of Newfoundland, as relates to the said Whale Fishery, shall

be, and are hereby repealed, except lb far as regards Ships or Vessels, which may have been fitted and

cleared out for the Purpose of carrying on such Fishery before the firtt Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-six, under the Encouragements given by the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore said. That the several Premiums hereafter mentioned Premiums enmh.

shall be paid and allowed for ten Years to twenty Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the td for un Y^i*

Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say, Every such Ship or Vessel shall appear to twentyi>hips

by her Register to be British-built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port of Great Britain or lhc

Irelandor the Islands of jersey, Guerrfey, or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his Majesty’s Subjects /ro^ Ore^Bru

usually residing in any of the Dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein after directed. tain orireUnd.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for fifteen of such Ships or Vessels pArtjcu|ari of

which shall be so fitted and cleared out after the firtt: Day of May, and before the firtt: Day of September, in i^cmiums* lor

the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, and between the firtt: Day of May and the firceen ships first

first Day of September in each fuccccding Year, and shall have failed to the Southward of the seventh De- fitted out, fee,

gree of North Latitude, and shall there have bona fide carried on the said Fishery, and shall return before

the first Day of July, in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some Port of Great

Britain\ there shall be paid and allowed five hundred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels

which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times herein before mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of

Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in each of such Ships

or Vessels, and being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seasi

taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed

four hundred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first

arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the

Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales,

or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed three hundred

Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the

next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty*

Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures

living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred Pounds to each of

the three such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quan-

tity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every

such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas,

so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one huddred Pounds to each of the three such

Ships or Vessels which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil

or Head Matter taken together, being not lei's in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel,

and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as

aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That for five other of such Ships or Vessels, Pirtk^m of

which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the Times herein before mentioned, and proceed Premiums for

to the Southward of the thirty-sixth Degree of South Latitude, and shall there bona fide carry on the said Jh^vc?hlp#

fishery, and shall return in not less than eighteen Months, and not more than twemy-eight Months, from U€ 0ttU

the first Day of May, in the Year in which they clear out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be

paid and allowed seven hundred Pounds to the first of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive,

within the Times herein before last mentioned, v/ith the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken

together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales,

Or other Creatures living in the Seas, and taken and killed determined by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; and there

shall be paid and allowed lix hundred Pounds to the second of such Ships or Vcifels which shall so tail and

K 2 first

