1.8

Preamble.

15 Geo. 3. c. 31.

After Jan. I.

1787, B^untie*

to be tdiven to

Vessels fitted cut

from Great B i-

tain, &c. frr the

Newfoundland

Fishery,

qualified, 8cc.

agreeable to ro

An Gul. 3.

C.2j.

Bounties to be

paid the first

too Vessels

which shall ar-

rite at New-

foundland wi h a

Cargo of Fish :

Ditto to *he Se-

cond 100 Vef.

fels which shall

•fo arrive.

Cenrficatet to

the Coll-Uor of

Customi from

the Governor of

Newfoundland

of the Qjr-lifica-

Iion of bhij»*,&C.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

CAP. XXVI.

An A<fl to amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in force for encou-

raging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great

tainy Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe', and for granting Bounties, for a

limited Time, on certain "Terms and Conditions.

4 117 HERE AS the Bounties granted to a certain Number of Vessels employed in the British

4 VV Hfnery ’on the Banks of Newfoundland, by an Afl passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for tbs Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Bri-

4 tain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for Jcc u ring the Return of the Fishermeny Sailors9

4 and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season, will expire

4 on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas, at the ExpL

4 ration thereof, it is expedient that new Bounties should be granted, for a limited Time, under certain Con-

4 ditions, Limitations, and Restrictions: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that several of the

4 Provisions and Regulations contained in the Laws now in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried

4 on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, are inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended,

4 and that it is requisite that other Provisions and Regulations should be enacted :* To that End, be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the first Day of January one thousand ieven hundred and eighty-seven, the respec-

tive Bounties herein-after mentioned [hall be paid and allowed annually, for ten Years, to a certain Num-

ber of Ships or Vessels employed in the British Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, under the Limita-

tions and Reftridiotis herein-after exprefLd ; that is to say. That such Vessels shall appear by their Register

to be British-built, and wholly owned by his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain, Ireland\ or the

Islands of Guernsey, JcrJey, or Man ; and shall be navigated each with a Master, and at lealt three Fourths

of the Mariners being British Subjects, usually reiiding in his Majesty’s European Dominions; and shall be

in other Respects qualified and subject to the lame Rules and Restrictions as are prescribed by an Act, made

in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King' William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage

the Trade to Newfoundland; and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port in Great Britain, or from the

Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-seven, and after that Day in each succeeding Year, and shall proceed to the Banks of Newfoundland;

and having catched a Cargo of Fish upon those Banks, confiding of not less than ten thousand Fish by Tale,

shall land the fame at any one of the Ports on the North, the East, or the South Side of the island of New-

foundland., between Cape Saint John and Cape Raye, on or before the fifteenth Day of July in each Year,

and shall make one more Trip, at least, to the said Banks, and return with another Cargo of Fish catched

there, to the fame Port: In which Cafe the one hundred Vessels which shall first arrive at the Island of New-

foundland from the Banks thereof, with a Cargo of Fish catched there, confiding of ten thousand Fish by

Tale, at the least; and which, after landing the fipae at one of the Ports within the Limits before men-

tioned in Ntvjfoundland, shall proceed again to the said Banks, and return to the said Island with another

Cargo of Fish, shall, if navigated with not less than twelve Men each, he inti tied to forty Pounds each;

but if any of the said one hundred Vessels, so first .arriving as aforesaid, shall be navigated with less than

twelve Men each, and not less than Ieven, they shall be inti tied to twenty-five Pounds each : Pro-

vided always. That if, in either of the Cafes before mentioned, any of the one hundred Vessels, so first

arriving as aforesaid, shall be wholly navigated by Men going out upon Shares; that is to say, receiving 2c

certain Share of the Profits arising from the Voyage in lieu of Wages, such of the said Vessels as shall be

so navigated by not less than twelve Men each, shall be intitled to fifty Pounds each; and if so navigated

with a id's Number than twelve Men, and not less than seven, shall be intitled to thirty-five Pounds

each. Aid further, that the one hundred Vessels which shall next so arrive in order of Time, on or before

the said fifteenth Day of July in each Year, at the said island, with a like Cargo, and shall proceed again

to the said Banks, and return from thence in the Manner herein before mentioned, shall, if navigated with

not less than twelve Men each, be intitled to twenty-five Pounds each ; but if such one hundred VelTeis,

so arriving as aforesaid the next in order of Time, shall be navigated each with less than twelve, and noV

less than (even Men, they shall be intitled to eighteen Pounds each: Provided also. That if, in either of

the Cales b.ft mentioned, any of the Vessels so arriving next in order of Time as aforesaid, shall be so na-

vigated wholly by Men going out upon Shares; that is to say, receiving a certain Share of the Profits

anting from the Voyage in lieu of Wages, such of the said Vessels as shall be (o navigated by not less than

twelve Men each, shall be intitled to thirty-five Pounds each; and if (o navigated with a leis Number

than twelve Men, and not less than (even, shall be intitled to twenty-one Pounds each; upon the Mlafter

or Owner of every such Vessel respectively producing to the Collector or other Principal Officer of his IvIsl-

jesty’s Customs, at the Port in Great Britain from whence such Vessel was cleared out, or, if cleared out

from either of the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, to the Collector or other Principal OfE~

cer of the Customs in some Port of Great Britain, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Go-

vernor of Newfoundland, that the Master of such Vessel had produced to him a Certificate, under the Hands

of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence such Vefiel was cleared out,

or if cleared out from the ifiands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderneyl under the Hands of the Governor or De-

prny

7

