<>3+

If the Collegers

hive not Money,

•the Commit

fjoiurs td pay

Drawback*.

•Otfurer* may

open such To-

bacco at the

Port or Export-

ation to examine

it;

and if af'rr flap-

ping it (h 11 tie

landed, or put

into any other

VelT»*l within

the Kingdom, it

lh»U be forfeit-

ed.

How Bonds

given for the

Exportation of

Short Cut To-

bacco, See. (hill

be discharged.

Persons counter-

feiting Cerifi-

cates for the Dif-

cha ge of Bonds,

See. to forfeit

loot.

ThU Act not to

permit the Im-

portation or Ex-

portation of To-

bacco, contrary

to any Act in

force oo Oft. lo,

no* to all »w a

Drawback

when not al-

lowed by Law at

that Pediod.

Tobaec'*, Sec,

under Se cure,

or wh ch may

hercaf cr be1

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgi i III. A. D. 1789.

And if such Collector of Excise shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the fame, then the respeQive

Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively are required to pay such Drawbacks

out of the Money in their Hands, arising from the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of

Tobacco.

C XXXIV. Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the shipping of such manu-

factured Tobacco, if he shall deem it expedient, at the Port or Place of Exportation, to open and examine

such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so packed, in order that he may be satisfied that such manufactured

Tobacco is the fame that is described in the Account so sent by the Officer in whose Presence any such manu-

factured Tobacco was so packed up.

CXXXV. Provided also, That if after the shipping of any such manufactured Tobacco, and the giving

such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain any Drawback by this Act granted, the fame manufactured

Tobacco, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unLden, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship,

Vefiel, or Boat within this Kingdom (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), that then, and

in every such Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Ma-

jesty’s Use, all such manufactured Tobacco which shall be so unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put

into any other Ship, Vefiel, or Boat, within Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident ex-

cepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, ajid such Tobacco shall and may be seized by an Officer

or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

CXXXV 1. And be it further enacted, That such last-mentioned Bond so to be given shall be discharged

in Manner herein-after mentioned ; (that is to lay,) For such of the said manufactured Tobacco as shall be

entered for Exportation for or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, or the Blands of Gusnifey, Jtrf'h a:.

derney, or Sark, upon the Production, to the ColieCtor or other Chief Officer of the Excise of such of the

Ports herein before enumerated from which such manufactured Tobacco was exported, ot a Certificate,

such Production thereof to be within six Months from the Date of such Bond, testifying such landing of

such manufactured Tobacco there ; upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within twelve Months

for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so entered for, or landed in, any other Port or Place in Europe

(other than the Blands of Faro and Ferro), or in any Port or Place in Asia 01 Africa, or within the

Streights of Gibraltar \ upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within eighteen Months for such

manufactured Tobacco as shall be so entered for, or landed in, any of his Majesty’s Colonies, Planta-

tions, Blands, or Territories in America or Africa, or the United States of America j and upon the like

Production of a like Certificate, within twenty-four Months for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so

entered for, or landed in, any Port or Place at or beyond the Caps of Good Hope; and such Certificates

respectively for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or

Officers of his Majesty’s Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of

his Majesty’s Customs there, and if no Officer of his Majesty’s Customs shall be resident in such Port or

Place where such manufactured Tobacco shall be landed, such Certificate shall be signed by the British

Consul, or other Perl'on acting as such #there, and if no Officer of his Majesty’s Customs or British

Consul, or other Person acting as such, shall be resident at such Port or Place where such manufactured

Tobacco shall be l^pded, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such

Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or

Place at which such manufactured Tobacco shall be so landed; or such last-mentioned Bond or Bonds shall

be discharged upon Proof, in any or either of the said Cafes, that such manufactured Tobacco was taken by

Enemies, or perilhed in the Sea, or by Fire, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment

of the said Commissioners of Excile in England and Scotland lor the Time being, respectively, or the major

Part of the said Commissioners respectively for the Time being.

. CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause

or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Certificate by this Act required for the Discharge of any

Bond or Bonds given, entered into, or executed for the Exportation of any Tobacco as by this Act is

required ; or shall produce to any Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or to any Collector or

other Officer of Excise, or make use of any forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue Certificate, as and for any

Certificate by this Act required for the Discharge of any such Bond or Bonds ; or shall connive at any such

Certificate being so forged or counterfeited, or at any such forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue Certificate

being so produced or made use of; all and every the Person and Persons so offending (haB, for each and

every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend

or be construed to extend to permit or allow (unless otherwise permitted or allowed determined by this Act) any To-

bacco or Snuff to be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any Way or Manner contrary to

any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth Day of (Jibber one thou-

sand (even hundred and eighty-nine.

2789, unless otherwise permitted herein;

CXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained (hall extend or be

construed to extend to allow a Drawback upon the Exportation ot Tobacco to any Port or Place to which

a Drawback v/as not allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said

tenth Day of Otlober one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for

Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and SnufF respectively, which is or are now

under Seizure, or which shall or may be seized on or before the tenth Day of Otlober one thousand seven

hundred

