C. 66. Anno vicellrao nono G e oro i i III. A. D. 1789.

SCHEDULE (A).

ARTICLES of Agreement between the Matter, Officers Mariners, Seamen, and Seafaring

Men, of the Ship bound from the Port of upon

an intended Voyage to the Coast of Africa^ for from thence to the Weft

Indies or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering

Port in Europe.

pIRST, the Matter does hereby covenant, agree, and engage with the said Officers, Seamen, Sea-

faring Mjii, Landfmen, and Boys, That he wui pay, or caule to be paid, to each and every of them

at the Kate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as agaiutt each Person's Name is expressed in the

Mutter Roll.

Secondly, The said Matter does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners Seamen, Sea-

faring Men, Landfmen, and Boys, T hat they [hall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome

Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter fpccihcd ; the said Provitions to be issued anddrefled

in the usual Manner in which it is done on board his Majesty’s Ships of War, and served out to the Ship’s

Company in the Manner following; videlicet,

Sunday*

Monday.

T uefday.

Wednesday.

Thursday.

Friday.

Saturday.

One Pound and an Half of Beef, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint

of Flour.

One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of Pease.

One Pint of Oatmeal, and two Ounces of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese; or one

Pound of Stock Fish, with oiu-eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a Quarter of a Pint of

Vinegar, in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

The fame as Monday.

The fame as Sunday.

The feme as Tuesday.

The fame as Monday.

Each Person besides to have six Pounds of Bread per Week, and a Quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or Haifa Pint

of Wine, per Day, during the Voyage.

In lieu of Pease and Oatmeal shall be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put to Short Allowance, the Matter, Officers, and Seamen are to be at the feme Al-

lowance of Provisions or Water, and to be allowed Short Allowance Money, at the Rate of Threepcncc/er

Day if at two-thirds Allowance, and Fourpence Halfpenny per Day per Man if at Half Allowance, and

to be paid their Short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the West Indies or

America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the said Parties, That the Matter of the

said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives in their Craft to

wood and water the said Ship during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be pro-

cured, under the Direction of a Patroon belonging to the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Matter, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are em-

ployed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Matter will on the Part of the Owners fumifh the

Parties so employed with a sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas or Tarpawling for an Awning, and Provi-

fions for the Time, in the Proportion t>er Diem as is let forth in the foregoing Artidef with proper UtenGJs

and Fire to dress the feme ; and upon Failure thereof, for every such Negleii he shall forfeit double the Value

of Provisions.

The said Matter does further agree and engage. That there shall be a Space reserved for Half the Ship’s

Company to (helter themselves while the Slaves are on board ; if a Frigate-built Ship, it shall be under the

Half Deck; or in the Steerage, or under a (landing Awning of Wood well caulked, in any other Ship or

Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Matter, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn

over or discharge any of the Officers or Ship’s Company belonging to the said Ship, unlefe on Pro-

motion, or to assist a Ship actually in Distress, and not then, unkds properly certified as before ex-

prefl'ed in this A61: And the fiid Matter does hereby further agree to advance one Month's Pay

to the Officers and Ship’s Company before the said Ship departs from Great Britain, at the Time

of settling the River or Harbour Pay, and that the monthly Wages shall commence from that Pe*

riod: And it is further agreed by the said Matter, that he will pay or cause to be paid one Month's Pay

after the landing of the Slaves in the IVefl Indies or America, ten Days before the Sailing of the said Ship

in her homeward-bound Passage; and afio the said Matter engages to make the general Signal for failing

twenty-four Hours before the Departure of the said Ship, videlicet, by fooling the Foretop-feil and firing

a Gun.

And

