470 C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georg.ii III. A.D. 1788.

Penalty on re-

ceiving more

than the limited

Fee*.

Personi prose-

cu'ed to |irc

Bail.

Actioni to be

tried by a Jury

of Freeholders of

a different Coun-

ty from that

wherein the Fa&

was o mn iited.

IfPersons impri-

foned f.>r want

Ot Bail refute to

plead to lnform-

»Fiona, for one

Term, Judg-

ment to be enter-

ed again!) then).

Where there

have not been

made any Seiz-

ure, nut rf which

to reward Prolo-

cutors, the Com-

miffi 'ners of the

Revenue to re-

com pc nee them

as herein men-

tioned,

Prosecuttoas to

he commenced

in three Years,

The first three

Person* concern-

ed in exporting

Sheep, Sec. not

being the Own-

ers, who flwl)

inform thereof,

to be exempted

from Penalties$

fend also the

Owner, See. of

the Ship, upon

the Conditions

herein mention*

cd.

*3 Hen. 8.c, 17,

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall

receive or take any greater Fees for any Sufferance, Licence, or Certificate, or other Matter herein directed,

than the Sum or Fee herein for that Purpose limited, the Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit and

pay to the Party aggrieved, the Sum of five Shillings for every on? Penny which shall be taken over and

above the Fee hereby allowed to be taken, and so on after that Proportion.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be prose-

cuted in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcftminster for any Penalty incurred by this A&, a

Capias shall and may issue, the fi&ft Process specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for, and the Person or

Persons so sued shall be obliged to give good and sufficient Bail and Security, by natural-born Subjects or

Denizens, to the Officer serving or executing such Procefc against him or them, to appear in the Court

out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suk or Pro-

fecution, and likewise shall, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such

Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for

such Offence or Offences, in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his or their Bodies to

Prison.

LXXIV. And, for the better and more impartial Trials of all ACIions and Informations which shall

be commenced or prosecuted by virtue of this A&, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such

Actions and Informations shall be tried in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by a Jury of good

and lawful Freeholders, to be summoned out of any other County than that wherein the raa shall be

committed.

I, XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be in

Prison for want of sufficient Bail for any of the pecuniary Penalties herein-before inflicted, and shall refiife

to appear or plead to a Declaration or Information to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the

Gaoler or Keeper, or Turnkey of the Prison, at the said Prison, for any of the aforesaid Penalties, for the

Space of one Term, Judgment shall be entered against him by Default.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Qflcndpr

or Offenders, shall be convicted for any of the Offences fpccilied in this Act, and there shall happen to

have been no Seizure whereby the Informer or Prosecutor can be rewarded, then, and in such Cafe, it shall

and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of rhe Custams, Excise, or Salt Duties, or other his

Majesty’s Revenue, and they are hereby respectively required to cause one Shilling per Pound Weightfor

all such of the said Articles for which such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, or the Sum of forty

Pounds, in case the Quantity cannot be known, to be paid by the Receiver General of the Revenue under the

Management of the respective Commissioners, out of any publick Money in his Hands; and the Money

paid by any Receiver General, Cathier, or other Officer as aforesaid,shall be accepted of and allowed in his

Account as so much Money paid to his Majesty, and every such Officer is and shall be hereby discharged

thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIL Provided always, and be it cnadtecT by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons

whatsoever shall at any Time hereafter be liable to be prosecuted for any Offence, A&, Matter, or Thing

done or committed contrary to this A&, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of

three Years next ensuing the Offence committed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the better to encourage Personi

to discover the Exporters of Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles before enumerated, and which are hereby

prohibited from being exported, the first three Persons who shall have been aiding, abetting, or affiftingin

carrying out or exporting of Sheep, Wool, or any of the said Articles, who shall give Information thereof

to any Justice of the Peace within this Kingdom, whereby the Punishment and Penalties appointed by this

Act may be inflicted and recovered, the Party or Parties so discovering (not being Owner or Part Owner

of the said Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles as aforesaid) shall not suffer any of the said Penalties or

Punishments herein-before mentioned: Provided always. That if any Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or any

Master, Commander, or Mariner, or Person aiding or assisting in loading any Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

knowing of such Exportation of Sheep, Wool, or of any of the Articles before enumerated, and which

are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall, within three Months next after the Knowledge thereof,

or after his Return into the Kingdom of Great Britain give the first Information thereof before any of the

Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or before the Head Officer of any Port where he

shall first arrive," or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon his or their Oath, of the Number and

Quantity of the said Articles lo carried, conveyed, and transported, and by whom, where, and in what Ship

or Vessel, and (nail enter into Recognizance to his said Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, with two fuf-

ficient Sureties before any Justice of the Peace, in the Sum of forty Pounds each, personally to appear and

give Evidence of the fame; then such Owner and Owners, Master, Commander, Mariner and Mariners,

or other Person or Persons so aiding or assisting therein, shall not be liable to any of the Penalties or For-

feitures in this Act contained or enacted for the Offence aforesaid, but shall be, and is and are hereby en-

abled to recover and receive such Benefit and Advantage as is appointed to be received and allowed by this

Act on Conviction of such Offenders.

LXXIX. < And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his

1 Majesty King Henry the Eighth. For the winding of Wool; whereby it was enacted, That from thence-

€ forth no Manner of Person or Persons do wind, or cause to be wound, any Fleece of Wool being not

4 sufficiently rivered or waited, nor wind, nor cause to be wound, within any Fleece, Clay, Lead, Stones

7 ‘Sand,

