8

Justicet to ad*

mini ft er Oathf.

Appointing

other Meters in

<Me of Death

r Removal.

Principal Coal-

meter to be

sworn.

The Oath*

Labouring Met-

ers to be ap«

pointed.

end Deputies.

PenaVy on Prin-

cip I Meters for

fi t appointing,

and rn Labour*

ing Meters for

ne^teAing to at-

tend.

Labouring Met-

er’s Oath.

C. 14. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Justice

or Justices of the Peace are by this Act authorised to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation,

it mail be lawfuffor tech Justices respectively to administer such Oath and take such Affirmation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either the said David Evans or John Burnett,

before the Expiration of the said Term of twenty-one Years, the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor

of them (unless previously dismissed or suspended in Manner aforesaid) during the Remainder of the said Tet^n ;

and in case both the said David Evans and John Burnett shall die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the

Expiration of the said Term, then, and from Time to Time afterwards, during the said Term, as often as

any Vacancy shall happen, the said Office shall be managed by* such Person as shall be nominated and ap-

pointed in Manner following; (videlicet). The Churchwardens for the said several and respective Parishes of

Putney, Wandfjuorth, Batterjca, Saint Afary at Lambeth, Chriji- Church, Saint Saviour's, Saint Olave, Saint

Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondjcy, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the said County of

Surrey, shall, by Notice in Writing specifying the Occasion, and signed by one of the Deputies in the said

Land Coal-meter’s Office, and left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of each such Church-

warden, as soon as the fame can be done after any such Vacancy, be summoned to meet and assemble at the

said Office, at twelve of the Clock at Noon, on a Day to be mentioneiKn the said Notice, not exceeding fix

Days from the Date thereof; at which Meeting some Person shall be chosen and appointed to succeed to the

Office of Principal Land Coal-meter for the Limits aforesaid; and such Person as shall, at the Hour of three

of the Clock of that Day, be elected by the Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes,

as shall be then and there assembled, shall be and is hereby declared to be the Principal Land Coal-meter for

putting this Act in Execution, and shall be veiled with the like Powers, Authorities, and Emoluments, as the

said David Evans and John Burnett are by this Act veiled with.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as

Princi, >1 L and Coal-meter under the Powers of this Act, until he shall, before two or more of his Majesty’s

Justicet of the Peace for the County of Surrey (who arc hereby authorised and required to administer the

fame), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; to wit,

44 T A B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will truly and

44 JL faithfully, according to the bed of my Judgment and Ability, execute the Office of principal Land

44 Coal-meter for the several Wharfs between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the

County of Surrey.

44 So help me GOD.”

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said David Evans

and John Burnett, and such other Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter

during the Continuance of this Act, be nominated and appointed to manage the said Office, and he or they

is and are hereby authorised, directed, and required to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be Labour-

ing Coal-meters at the several Wharfs within the said Limits (the Number of such Labouring Coal-meter9

not being less than thirteen at the several Wharfs between the Place called ISrine Elms, in the Parish of Sctjnt

Mary at Lambeth, and Dock Head, in the PariQi of Saint Mary Rotherhithe), and one Deputy Coal-meter,

and one or more Labouring Coal-meter or Meters at each of the said subordinate Offices; one of which said

Labouring Coal-meters shall attend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses,

or other Places of Sale, within the said Limits, at which he (nail be Rationed by the Person or Persons exe-

cuting the Office of Principal Land Coal-meter, during the Continuance of this Act, at such Times as is re-

quired by the Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals where such Meter is Rationed, to measure, or foe measured out

the Coals which shall from Time to Time be sold by Wharf Measure at any of the said Wharfs, Warehousos,

or Places where such Labouring Coal-meters shall be Rationed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Principal Land Coal-meters

or Coal-meter shall neglect to appoint such Labouring Coal-meters to attend at the respective Wharfs and

subordinate Offices aforesaid, on the Days and at the Times herein before directed, such Principal Land

Coal-meters or Coal-meter so neglecting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds; and if any Labouring Coal-meter or Coal-meters, so appointed to attend by the Principal Land Coal-

meters or Coal-meter, shall not attend, and perform his or their Duty, at the 'T ime and in such Manner as is

hereby directed, every such Labouring Coal-meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as

one of the Labouring Coal-meters to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his

Adajesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (who is and are hereby authorised and re-

quired to administer the fame), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation, in the Words or to the

following; to wit,

<4 Y A. B. do (wear [or being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faith-

44 1 fully, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute tile Office of one of the Labouring Coal-meters

44 for the several Wharfs fttuate between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of

44 Surrey, and that I will truly and impartially measure, or fee measured, all Coals between Buyer and Seller,

44 without Favour or Hatred.

44 So help me GOD.”

And

