The TITLES of the STATUTES.

applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties

composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Im-

Portation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the

’roduce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of

the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying

certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer

for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction

of the National Debt.

14. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching,

the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places,

within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liber-

ties thereof 5 and also several Streets and other Places near

or adjoining to the said City; and for removing and pre-

venting Encroachments, Obstrudlions, Nuisances, and ,

Annoyances therein.

15. An Act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over

the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of '

Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby,

in the County of Nottingham.

16. An Act for making perpetual (Wo Acts, passed in the

fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for ri/training the Negotiation of Pronirffory Notes

and Blits of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that

Part of Great Britain called England.

17. An Act for rebuilding the Chapel of East Stonehouse, in J

the County of Devon.

18. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act fdr regulating the Proceedings of the Court

of JuJliciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

19. An Act to enforce and render more effectual several Acts

passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and En-

OouTagefrtent of'Shipping and Navigation.

20. An Act for varying and extending the Powers of the

Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Naviga-

tion.'

21. An Act tq enable the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s TVeafury to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal

Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferrans in the

«County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment

of the Duty on £^oals exported.

22. An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belong-

ing to his Majesty.

23. An Act for raising a Certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

lanU seven hundred and eighty-fever*. . 1

24. An Act for raising a further Sum <tf Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thoii-

fond seven hundred and eighty-seven.

25. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Ex-

chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-fev&i.

26. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Com-

mUfioners of the Treafory, for the Time being, to let to

f arm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-

fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* on Borfes let to

Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as

should be willing to contradi for the feme.

27. An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation

of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports

of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa

Lucea in the Istand of Jamaica, in the Pott of Saint George

in the Istand of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the

Istand of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Istand

of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under

certain Regulations and Restrictions.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the

Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great

Britain.

29. An Act for obviating Objections to the Competency of

Witnesses in certain Cafes.

30. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to

be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous

Liquors.

31. An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign

Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their

Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on

Importation have been paid; and for amending several

Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

32. An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such

Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this King-

dom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and

Boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the

Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for

laying an additional Duty on foreign Geneva imported ;

for taking off the Duty on Ebony the Growth of Africa,

imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several

Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and- eighty-seven; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sef-

fion of Parliament.

34. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster,

to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents,

and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within

their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on

Lands held of the said Duchy; and so enable the said Chan-

cellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the

Poflellions of the said Duchy.

35. An Act for appointing Commissioners farther to esquire

into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments,

which are, or have been lately, received in the several

publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any

Abuses which may exist in the fame; and to report such

Observations as shall occur to them, for rite better torb-

dudting and managing the Business transacted in the said

Offices.

36. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the free

Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland

and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing

the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other

Articles to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to

the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils

made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this

Kingdom, and to prevent the fcdueing of Artificers and

Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into

Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty 00

the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish

Linen6 exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign

Raw Linen Yarns made of Hax imported.

37. An Act for further regulating the Trade and Bufinefe

of Pawnbrokers.

38. An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designingj

and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muffins, by

veiling the Properties thereof in the Deligners, Printers,

and Proprietors, fora limited Time.

39. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to esquire

ioto the . Lodes and Services of all such Persons who have

sufferedl

