a

who glTC

a Certificate

thereof, Ac*

Goods imported

'contrary to this

Act, to be for-

feited.

How to be di-

vided.

Continuance of

tills Act.

C. i. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

jacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, where she shall discharge such Bread, Flour, Indian Com, or Live

Stock, deliver up the said Licence to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs there, having

first indorsed upon the Back of such Licence the Marks, Numbers, and Contents of each Package of Bread,

Flour, and Indian Corn, and the Description and Tale of each Sort and Species of Live Stock, on For-

feiture of one hundred Pounds; and the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs at Newfoundland,

is hereby enjoined and required to give a Certificate to the Matter or Person having the Charge or Com-

mand of such Ship or Vessel, of his having received the said Licence lb indorsed as before directed, and to

transmitthe fame to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England or Scotland, or to the Com-

mittioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, respectively, by whom Inch Licence was granted.

V. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bread, Flour, Indian

Corn, or Live Stock shall be imported or brought from any Place or Country belonging to the said United

States of America, into the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging,

without the Licence by this Abt directed ; or if any other Goods or Commodities uhatsoever shall be im-

ported or brought into the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging,

from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, all such Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, Live Stock, and other Goods, together witft-

the Ship or Vellel in which the fame shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may

be seized by any Officer of the Customs in the said island, and the lame, as well as the pecuniary Penalty

inflicted by this Act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty which

shall have Jurisdiction within the said Island of Newfoundland; and after deducing the Charges of prose-

cuting the lame from the gross Produce thereof, the Remainder shall be given, one Third to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, one other Third to the Governor of the said Island, and the other Third to the

Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall seize and prosecute for the fame.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force

from the Commencement thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of Maub one thousand seven hundred and;

eighty-eight.

SCHEDULE.

THE FORM OF THE LICENCE DIRECTED BY THIS ACT.

By the Commissioners for managing and coifing to he levied and collcSlcd his Majesty's Customsy Subfidiesy and

other Duties, in [where].

f< \\T HE R E A S [Name of the Person], one of his Majesty’s Subjects residing at

u YV [Place where]) hath given Notice to us the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

44 [Customs in Great Britain,-or, Revenue in Ireland], that he intends to lade at

44 [fame Port of the United States in America], and import into [feme Part of New-»

<c foundland], in the [Ship's Name], being a British)-built Ship, [describing the Tonnage*

44 and what Sort of Feflel], navigated according to Law, whereof [Master's Name]

44 is Master, bound to [where] ; and it appearing by the Register of the said Ship the

44 [Ship's Name]f whereof [A'lajler's Name] is Master, that the said Ship

44 the [Ship's Name] was built at [Place where], and owned by

44 [Owner's Namely rending at [Place where]) all his Majesty’s British Subjects, and

44 that no Foreigner, directly or indiredfy, hath any Share, Part, or Interest therein:

44 Now be it known that the said [Person's Name]* hath Licence to lade on board the

€< said Ship [Ship's Name]) at 2nd from any Port or Place belonging to the United States

44 of America) Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, the Produce of the said United States, and no

44 other Article whatsoever, and to carry the said Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock to some

44 Port or Place on the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging ; and on

44 the Arrival of the said Ship at any Port, Harbour, or Place of Discharge in Newfoundland) or the ad-

44 jacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, the Master or Person having the Charge 01 Command offfie said

44 Ship is required and enjoined to deliver up the said Licence to the Collector or other proper Officer of

41 his Majesty’s Customs there, and to indorse on the Back thereof the Marks, Numbers, and Corvcnts

44 of each Package of Bread, Flour, or Indian Corn, and the Description and 'Tale of each Sort and Spe-

44 cies of Live Stock, on Penalty of one hundred Pounds ; and shall thereupon receive a Certificate thereof

44 from the said Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs.

44 This I/icence to continue in force for Calendar Months from the Date hereof.

44 Signed by us the at the this Day of one thousand

44 seven hundred and

n Licence to import Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, the Produce

44 of the United States of America, into Newfoundland”\

CAP.

