A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sext III. C. i14.

7

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue and render more effectual To much of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in

the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

44 Act 27 Geo. 2. recited. The former Duties on Beer and Ale, and on Tonnage of Ships, to cease, and

44 instead thereof, the followingto be paid : For every Ship three Farthings ter Ton for Anchorage. Trustees

44 appointed. Duty may be reduced, and raised again. Collector may distrain for Anchorage. Duty to be

44 applied to the Purposes of the Pier and Harbour. Accounts to be entered in Books. Duty may be artfigned

44 for Monies borrowed^ Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sertions. New Trustees may be

44 chosen in case of Death, &c, Overseers of the Duty appointed, who may examine into Frauds and Abuses,-

44 and finally determine. New Overseers to be appointed in Cafe of Death* £sY. Publick Act.”

CAP. XIV.

An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf

Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherbitbe> both inclu-

five, in the County of Surrey.

4 \X7 H ER E A S an Act was passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 VV George the Second, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement

4 of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining

4 thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles’s in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the

4 Paris) of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County 0/Middlesex ; which Act was to continue in force for

4 three Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the

4 seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George theThird, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in

4 the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Meajure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof;

4 and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex ; which Act was to continue in

4 force for fourteen Years : And whereas the Terms of the said Acts have been, by several subsequent Acts,

4 continued, and are nowin force : And whereas the Provisions and Regulations establiflhed by the said Aft3*

4 have proved very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the respective Jurisdictions ; and it is appre-

4 bended it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places fitu3ted between the

4 Parish of Putney and the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey, if

4 Provision was made to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, fold determined by Wharf Mea-

4 sure, within those Limits ; whereby the fair Dealers in Coals, sold by such Measure, will also be exempted

4 from those vexatious Law Suits, arising from Penalties for Offences, which, as the Law now (lands in

4 respect to the County of Surrey, are not in their Power to preventMay it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act’embled, and

by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of June one thouGind seven hundred and

eighty-six, there shall be provided and continued, near Blackfriars Bridge, in the County of Surrey, one

publick Office, which shall be called by the Name of The Land Goal-meter's Office for the several Parishes of

Putney, If^andsworth, Battefa, Saint Alary at Lambeth, Chriji-church, Stiint Saviour's, Saint Olavc, Saint

Thomas, Saint John, Saint Alary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Alary Rotherhithe, all in the County of

Surrey ; and likewise five subordinate Offices (videlicet), one at Putney, one at IVandsworth, one at Batterfca,

one at Lambeth, and the other in or near Tcoley-Street, in the Borough of Southwark; which said Offices

shall, from and after the said first Day of June, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years then next en-

suing, be managed by David Evans and John Burnett, of the said Parish of Saint Mary at Lambeth, and the

Survivor of them, who are hereby nominated and appointed to be the Managers of such Offices: Which

Offices, when provided and established, shall be kept open every Day (Sundays excepted) from the twenty-

fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, yeaily, during the Continuance of this Act, from

the Hour of five in the Morning till nine in the Evening, and from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the

twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of fix in the Morning

till fix in the Evening.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That the said David Evans, and the said John Bur-

nett, and the Principal Land Coal-meters within the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, and their Deputies

or Servants acting under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall

be, and they and every of them are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of

any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and may be

dismissed and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective

Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or other Misbehaviour in the Ma-

nagement or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the

said Courts in a summary Way, any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-ways notwitffi-

fiaading*

IIL And

Preamble.

19 Geo. a.e. 35*

7 Geo. j. c. *5-

Appointing a

Land Coal-

met *rV Ollice

near Bl.uk-

friari Bridge,

and fire fubor-

dinate Office!.

to be managed

by Dirid Eran«

and Jt-ha Eur-

nect,

fuljeft to the

C >n'ioi:l of ih*

Quarter Scfiioj*5r

