&.!>• 1786.’ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 64.

SterWng for each Gallon of the Capacity or Content of such Still or Stills, and of the further Sum of two

hundred Pounds Sterling for each Time it shall be proved that he, (lie, or they hath or have used such

Still or Stills, the fame to be levied without Mitigation in the Manner aforesaid, and the said Still or

Stills shall be seized, forfeited, and destroyed in the Manner aforesaid, any Act or Acts to the contrary

notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted. That upon or previous to the granting of any such first or renewed Li-

cence, the Person or Persons applying for the fame shall, before he, (he, or they shall be intitled to such Li-

cence, make Payment in Advance to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same, of one

sixth Part of the annual Duty hereby charged upon his, her, or their Stills, and shall afterwards, at the

Expiration of the first two Months, and so afterwards at or before the End of every two Months of the un-

expired Term of his, her, or their laid annual Licence, make Payment in Advance of a further proportional

Part of the said annual Duty, in such Form and Manner as that the said Duty (hull always be paid two

Months in Advance into the Receipt of the Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of taking cut or receiving any

such Licence as aforesaid, save only the actual Owner or Owners of the Still or Stills intended to be worked

by virtue thereof, and of the Implements thereto belonging, and every Person and Persons demanding such

Licence shall, if required, take and subscribe an Oath, before one or more of the Conuniilioners of Excise

in Scotland, or amr Justice of Peace for the County in which he, (lie, or they shall happen to re fide (and

which Oath such Commissioners or Justice are and is hereby impowered to administer), that the said Still cr

Stills, and Implements, are his, her, or their Property, and that the Work intended to be carried on is at

his, her, or their Risque, and on his, her, or their Account; and in every Licence which shall be granted

by virtue of this Act, there shall be exprdfed and specified the Christian Name or Names, and the Surname

or Surnames of the Person or Persons to whom the lame (hull be respectively granted, the Place or Places of

his, her, or their respective Residence, and the Name of the Parilli or Place where such Still or Stills are

intended to be set up, erected, and used, together with the respective Dimensions or Gauges of such Still or

Stills, and declaring for what particular Life each respective Still is intended to be employed, whether it be

for the Distillation of Low Wines, or for the Distillation of Wash, and if for the Distillation of Wash,

specifying from what Materials such Wash shall be prepared, and also specifying the Sum or Sums paid for

the Duty, and the Times when the future Payments shall respectively become due, and when such Licence

will ccafe and expire.

XII. Provided always, and be itenafled. That no Words contained in the said Licence shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to prevent any Distiller or Distillers to use his Wash Still in distifiing of Spirits, or

his Spirit or Low Wine in distilling of Wash, upon Notice being previously given to the Officer, and

the Cause dated for such Alteration in the said Notice.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for the Person or Persons to be named as

aforesaid to grant, or to authorise any other Person or Persons to grant, to any Rectifier or Compounder of

Spirits, or to any Common Brewer or Victualler, any Licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any

Still or Stills, for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, so long as he, (he, or they doth or shall continue

to carry on .the Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or Common Brewer or Victualler for

brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland; and that no Person or Persons shall be allowed, during the

Continuance of this Act, to carry on the Trade of a Distiller with that of Common Brewer or Victualler,

or the Trade of a Rectifier of Spirits with that of a Common Brewer or Victualler, at one and the fame’

Time, on Pain that every such Person or Persons shall be deemed to carry on such respective Trades con-

trary to Law, and ba liable to the several Pains and Penalties inflicted against Persons carrying on the Trade

of a Distiller or Rectifier without Licence.

XIV. And be it further ena5ted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Licence to be granted

as aforesaid shall be available or of any Effect until the fame shall have been produced to, and a Copy

thereof delivered to, the Officer of Excise of the Division, DistriCt, Place, or Bounds wherein the Still or

Stills thereby to be licensed is or are erected, or intended to be erected, the Production and Receipt of which.

Licence every such Officer is hereby required to acknowledge and certify gratis, under his Hand, by In-

dorfement upon such Licence (if the Party shall require the lame), and that such Production and Delivery

{hall be deemed and held as a sufficient Entry of such Still or Stills j any Thing herein, or in any other Act

or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further crafted, That if any such St ill or Stills, to be so licensed as aforesaid, shall,

during the Continuance of such Licence, by any unavoidable Accident, be dcllroyed or rendered unfit for

Use, the Owner thereof shall immediately give Notice in Writing of such Accident to the proper Officer or

Supervisor of Excise, of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds, and shall beat Liberty forthwith after

such Notice to erecS a new bull or Stills ; and in case such new creeled Still or Stills be not of a larger Ca-

pacity or Content than the said former Still or Stills respectively, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Owners

to work tile fame, during the Term to come and unexpired of his, her, or their (bb'ifting Licence or Li-

cences, without taking out any new Licence for that Purpose ; but if such new erected Still or Stills final!

be of any larger Capacity or Content respectively than the said former Still or Stills, the Owner or Owners

thereof (nail take out a ifw Licence for creating and working the fame, which new Licence (lull have

Duration only for the unexpired Term of the old Licence, and an additional Duty for such unexpired Term

shall be advanced and paid according to the increased Capacity or Content of such new Still or Stills on

the taking out of such new Licence.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That if the Owner or Owners of any licensed Still shall not, within the

Time limited by this Act for the Renewal of Licences, renew his, her, or their Licence lor tuc next ensuing

26 Geo. 111. S Year,

129

and 2001, for

each Time of

working*

One Gxh Part

of the a'inuji

Duty to bi paid

when Licence*

are gt anted, and

a propurtioncb.O

Part every two

Months alter-

wards.

None but the

Owners of Still*

to be inutled to

Licences.

Licences to ex-

press the Party*!

Name, &c.

Waft Still mif

be used as a Spi-

rit Still, Sec,

Rectifiers of

Spiri'*, Sec. not

to have Licence*

for distilling,

Arc.; nor to car-

ry on both

Trades at one

Time.

No Licence to be

▼slid till iri-

der fed by the

Officer of »;Xcife

of the Liltridt.

New Still*, of

the fame Capa-

city, rr>av he

fc'tfird n Place

of dcftri ycd

one*, w it heat A

new Licence,

(f Lireneer be

nor renewed, he

S'iUs n uft be

taken down, Arc.

