The TITLES of

28. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

29. An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of

Tsrky and also the Heir Looms, deviled and bequeathed

by the Will of the Honourable and Moll Reverend

Kobert late Lord Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to

be fold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from

such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the

lame Ules.

30. An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of

Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the

Marriage of Robert Salufbury Esquire, with Katherine his

Wife.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of William

Simpson Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and

Nottingham^ in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the

Money ariung by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands

and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the

fame Ules.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

within the Township of Lajlinghamy in the North Riding

of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Manor or reputed Manor and

Parish of ATtlwichy in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the several

Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the

Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships of Stec-

ton and Eastburny in the Parish of Kildwicky in the County

of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and

the STATUTES.

Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of

Sawley, in the County of Derby.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Open

Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the

Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chef-

tery in the County of Derby.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common

and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and

King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Alelbourney

in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for inclosing, and leafing, or letting, certain

Commons or Waste Grounds lying within theTownship

or Constablewick of Uttoxeter9 in the County of Staffordy

called The High Wood and The Heathy and applying the

Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes,

or publick'Expences, within the said Township or Con-

stablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory

of Uttoxeter.

39. An Act for naturalizing William Homeyer.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trenty in the

County of Nottingham.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butlery and a cer-

tain Intercommon Field and Meadow called The Fern

Field and Great Meadowy lying intermixed in the said

Lordship and the Lordship of Cropwell Bifiopy in the

County of Nottingham.

THE

v^oooole

