££>6 C. 94—100. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for making Compenfetion to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been pur-

chafed for the more safe and convenient carrying on his Majesty’s Gunpowder Works and Mills near the

Town of Faverjhamy and for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmoulh

and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of

his present Majesty’s Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, <-

CAP. XCV.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, and other Persons, for

putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge

of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Warren Raftings Esquire, late

Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not bedheontinued by any Prorogation or Diiiolutiou

of Parliament.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-six. 3,000,000 /.

CAP. XCVIIL

An Aclto indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

' Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been

omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for

allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and

Solicitors.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on

the I flues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment ot certain

Pensions at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

u 22 Geo. 3. c. 82. recited. Treasury to pay the usual Fees on Pensions transferred from Treasury and

Pension Office to the Exchequer, to Officers thereof. Officers of Exchequer may demand Fees on

4C Pensions granted, or to be granted, since the recited A61. On Death of the Auditor, bV. die Fees to

46 be applied to the Purposes of the said A61.”

CAP. C.

An Act to prevent occasional Inhabitants from voting in the Election of Members to serve

in Parliament, for Cities and Boroughs, in that Part of Great Britain called England9

and the Dominion of Wales.

Preamble. \\7 HEREAS it frequently happens, in Cities and Boroughs where the Right of Ele6lion of Mem-

bers to serve in Parliament is in the Inhabitants paying Scot and Lot, or in the Inhabitants House-

4 holders, Housekeepers, and Pot-wallers, legally settled, or in the Inhabitants Householders, Houlekeepers,

and Pot-wallers, or in the Inhabitants Houleholders Refiants, or in the Inhabitants within such Cities or

4 Boroughs, that much Trouble, Expence, and Litigation is created by occasional Voters, to the great

4 Prejudice of the real Inhabitants, who bear the Burthens of such Cities and Boroughs, and to whom the

4 Right of fending Members to Parliament belongs For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Coin-

Any Person vot- mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

ing at an Inha- first Day of dugujl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, noiteffon shall be admitted to vote at

bitant, paying any £lection of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for arr^City or Borough of that Part of Great

who shall not^C* Britain called England, or the Dominion of Waies, as an Inhabitant paying Scot and Lot, or as an In-

have been so fix habitant Householder, Housekeeper, and Pot-waller legally settled, or as an Inhabitant Householder, Houie-

Months previoue keeper, and Pot-waller, or as an Inhabitant Householder Refiant, or as an Inhabitant of such City or

to the Eleaion, Borough, unless he shall have been actually and bona fide an Inhabitant paying Scot and Lot, or an Inha-

to forfeit 20I. bitant Householder, Housekeeper, and Potwalier, legally settled, or an Inhabitant Householder, House-

keeper, and Pot-waller, or an Inhabitant Householder Refiant, or an Inhabitant within such City or Borougii

six Calendar Months previous to the Day of the Election at which he shall tender his Vote; and tf any Per-

son

