132

Per font, irot

Officer*,making

Pifcovery of

Stills liable to

Seizure, and the

Officers seizing,

if»cstied to Re-

ward* as herein

Specified*

Officers not

fe:zing Stills in

24 Hour* after

Information, to

be dismissed.

Sc c.

1*. 6d. per Cal-

lon to be allowed

Informers, mik-

ing Complaint

of Officers not

seizing.

No Spirits to be

temoved from

the Manufactory

without Certifi-

cate from the

Distiller of the

Quantify, tec•

Spirits removed

by Land Carriage

from Scotland

into England,

to be forfeited.

See,

AH Spirits re-

moved by Wa-

ter into Englar d,

to be forfeited if

not accompanied

with a Certifi-

cate, kc.

fccftlfied Spirits

mull also have a

Permit from the

Excise.

Duties to be paid

on the Arrival

of Spirt s from

Scotland into

•England*

C. 64. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A, D. 1786*

Reward shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-one Pounds Sterling for any one Still so seized as aforesaid:

And if any Person (not being an Officer of Excise) shall make Discovery of any Still liable to Seizure and

Forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the fame shall be seized and condemned, such Person or Persons shall be

intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and six Pence Sterling for every Gallon of the Capacity or Content of

such Still, to be paid on the Condemnation thereof: Provided also, That such Reward shall not exceed the

Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings Sterling for any one Still so forfeited as 1 aft aforesaid; and the Officers

or Officer of Excise, by whom the fame shall be seized, shall also be imitied to a Reward of one Shilling

Sterling lor every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, so that such last mentioned Reward shall

not, for any one Still, exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings Sterling ; and that such several Re-

wards shall be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid ; and if, by reason of the

final! Size of any such Still or Stills, the said Commissioners of Excise shall think any of the Rewards afore-

said iufufficient, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the fame respectively,

not exceeding the respective Sums aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Officer of Excise shall, for the Space of twenty-

four Hours after he shall have received Information of any Still being unlawfully erected, used, or kept, or

of any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully used in Distillation,

wilfully neglect to seize the fame respectively, every such Officer so offending shall, upon Complaint made

thereof, and Proof of the Fadt, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, be dif-

milled from his or their Office, and shall never afterwards be capable of serving his Majesty in any Office

or Place of Trust whatever, and shall moreover forfeit and lose all such Salary as shall be due to him at the

Time of his Dismission ; and in case the Person or Persons making such Complaint shall be the same Person

or Persons who gave the Information, as aforesaid, to the Officer or Officers so dismissed, such Person or Per-

fons shall be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and six Pence Sterling, for every Gallon of the Content

or Capacity of the said Still or Stills, to be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise out of the

Revenues of Excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits, made from any of the Materials aforesaid, shall be

removed or sent from the Place of their Manufacture, without being accompanied by a Certificate, sub-

feribed by the licensed Distiller or Maker thereof, or his known and authorised Agent, expressing that the

fame were made by him, and also specifying the Quantity of such Spirits, and the Number of Calks or

Packages in which the fame are contained.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hun-

dred and eighty-six, no Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any of the Materials

aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatever, shall be re-

moved or sent from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into any other Part of Great Britain, by

Land Carriage; and if the fame shall be so sent or removed, the said Spirits, with the Packages ana

Casks containing the fame, shall be forfeited and lost, with the Horses and Carriages employed in conveying

the fame.

XXXI. And be it further enacted. That all Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from

any of the Materials aforesaid, which shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-six, be removed or conveyed by Water from any Part of Scotland, to any other Part of the

United Kingdom, shall be accompanied by a Certificate from the Maker, Distiller, Kedtifier, or Com-

pounder thereof, or his known and authorised Agent, specifying the Number and the respectcive Marks of

the several Packages, and the Quantity of Gallons contained in each of such Packages, and the respective

Degrees of Strength of the Spirits in each Package, together with the different Species of Kinds of the said

Spirits, and shall also be accompanied by a regular Clearance from the proper Custom-house in Scotland;

and that all Spirits which shall be removed or conveyed, or be attempted to be removed or conveyed from

Scotland into any other Part of the United Kingdom, without being accompanied by such Certificate and

Clearance as aforesaid, shall, together with the Packages containing the Spirits, and the Ship or Vessel con-

veying the fame, with her Stores and Tackle, be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any rectified or compounded Spirits shall

be sent from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland by Water into any other Part of the United King-

dom, the fame shall, over and besides such Certificate and Clearance as aforesaid, be accompanied with a

Permit from the proper Officer of Excise, or, in Default thereof, such Spirits, with the Packages containing

the fame, shall be loft and forfeited: Provided always. That no such Spirits, Ship, or Vessel. as aforesaid,

shall be liable to Seizure for or on the Account of any small Difference or Deficiency in the Gauge of such

Spirits at the 'Lime of their Arrival in Port, or any other Deficiency, when the fame shall be proved to have

been occr.fioned by Accident and without Fraud.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-six, all Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof,

which shall be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United King-

dom, shall, upon the Arrival thereof, be charged with a Duty of two Shillings upon each Gallon, English

Wine Measure; which Sum, together with the Duties by this Act directed to be paid in Scotland upon

Licences, shall be held and deemed to be equivalent to the Duties payable in England upon Spirits of English

Jvlanufacture, and not exceeding the Strength aforesaid ; and if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured in and

arriving from Scotland as aforesaid, shall be of a greater Strength than one to ten over Hydrometer Proof,

and such Excess shall not exceed three per Centum, over and above the said Strength of one to ten over

Hydrometer Proof, as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe the said Spirits shall be charged with a further Duty

proportioned to their said Surplus Strength \ and the said respective Duties shall be paid to the proper Of-

ficer

e

