A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 48.

Things for the better securing of the said Duties under their Charge, as shall be lawfully and reasonably de-

fired in that Behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all other

Officers who shall be employed in the Collection or Management of the said several Rates and Duties here-

inbefore granted, shall, in the Execution of their Offices, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as

they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the

Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, and that no Fee or Reward shall be taken

or demanded by any such Commissioners or Officers from any of his Majesty’s Subjects, for any Matter or

Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and in case any Officer employed iti the Execution of

this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or

Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty’s

Subjects shall or may luflain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable to any

A<ffion, to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages with Treble Costs

of Suit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counter-

feit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to

be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of this A&, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this

Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble. or cause to be counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of

the fame upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cefiors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with a

counterfeit Mark*or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeited; or if any Person

shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act,

with Intent to defraud jiis Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every such Per-

son so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fuller Death as in Cafes

of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating

to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper (not hereby altered or repealed), shall be of full

Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Exe-

cution for railing, levying, collecting, and securfng the said new Rates and Duties hereby impoled, according

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the tune had feve-

rally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein before granted shall be

paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay

thelaroe (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the

Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in suchs Manner, as the Duties now charged on Stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Re-

ceipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties,

and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so to

be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund

commonly called The Sinking Fund.

4 XII. And, to the End the several Sums granted out of the Revenue arising within that Part of Great

4 Britain called Scotland, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the said judges, may be duly replaced,

in case the said Duties hereby granted shall be deficient for that Purpose, by such other Ways and Means as

4 shall be thought expedient by Parliament when such Deficiency shall appear * be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January, in the Year one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-eight, the Auditor of the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall annually, within twenty

Days after the first Day of January in every Year, cause to be made out an Account in Writing of all

such Sums of Money as shall be paid out of the said Revenue to the said Judges for the Augmentation of

their Salaries in pursuance of any Ai\ or Atfts of this present Session of Parliament, for the Year ending the

fifth Day of July then preceding; and also the Produce of the Duties hereby granted and paid into the said

Receipt, in the lame Year, ending as aforesaid; and shall cause such Account to be laid before the Com-

mons in Parliament at their then beflion (if then actually fitting), or if the Parliament shall not be then fit-

ting, in such Cafe, at their first or next Session, to the End a sufficient further Provision may be made for

the replacing to the said Revenue the several Sums so granted as aforesaid in Augmentation of rhe Salaries of

the said Judges, by such Ways and Means as shall seem expedient, in case any Deficiency shall appear of

the Duties by this Act granted for that Purpose.

4 XLlI. And whereas by the Laws now in force concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories in that Part

4 of Great Britain called Scotland, certain Rates of Fees and Charges, due and payable to Conveyancers, and

4 others who used to write for Payment, are eflablflhed, whereby, and by the Regulations and Practice,of the

4 Courts aforesaid consequent thereupon, each Page of Writing is underftuod to conlift of thirty-six Lines, and

4 each Line of nine Words, which hath been held a fair and reasonable (Quantity to be engrossed or written

4 thereon, according to the Rates of the h ees and Charges allowed and payable for the fame: Plow, in order to

4 prevent his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from being defraudedof any of the Duties by this Act granted,

and inorder that all Matters and Things by this Act charged, may be engrossed and written in such Manner

as they have been usually accustomed, and by Law ought to be engrossed and writtenbe it therefore fur-

J ther

55

Commissionert,

Sec. to follow

the Directions

of the Treasury,

and not to taka

any Fees.

Per Tom neg!e&

ing their Duty,

to be liable to

Prosecution.

Person* counter-

feiting or using

forced Stamps,

guilty of Feio-

ny.

Pr6vi(i">n* of

former Act* to

extend to this.

Dude* to be paid

to the Receiver

General, and by

him into :he

Fxi hcquer,

where a separate

Account is to be

k pt, and the

Money carried

to the Sinking

Fund.

From Jan. r,

1788, an annul

Account to be

I id before the-

Commons of the

Sums pa>d for

Augmentaii n

of Judges Sa l*<*

ries, an i jf ti e

Produce>f the

Duties.

