A.D. 1788. .Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii IIL C. 55—57. 517

disposed of as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall thereof be lawfully

convicted on any Indictment to be found against him or them, every fijch Offender or Offenders shall be

subject to such and the like Punishment as by this Act is inflicted, or provided to be infliCted, on such Person so

felling or unlawfully disposing of any such Stocking Frame, Machine,'or Engine as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day Persons entering-

or by Night, enter by Force into any House, Shop, or Place, with an Intent to cut or destroy any Frame- Shop*, &c. with

work-knitted Pieces, Stockings or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or *n IntcaD« de”

Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used, or prepared for that Purpose; or shall wilfully and malici-

oufly cut or destroy any Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, or other Articles or Goods being in the work.knmecf

Frame, or upon the Machine or Engine as aforesaid,or prepared for that Purpose; or shall wilfully and mali- Piece*, to be

ciously break, destroy, or damage any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Instrument, or Utensil, used in and guilty of felon*

for the working and making of any such Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, or other Articles or Goods

in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do, or break

or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or ariy way employed in preparing or fpinnyig

of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frames, every Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted,

{hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty’s Dominions beyond

Seas, for any Space or Term of Years not exceeding fourteen Years nor less than (even Years.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods> Mercian-

dizeSj or Effects \ and for substituting other Provisions, for the like Purpose, in lieu

thereof.

c \T7fIEREAS it hath been found, by Experience, that great Mischiefs and Inconveniencies have

4 VV arisen so Persons interested in Ships or Vessels, and allb to Persons using Trade or Commerce,

* from the Effect of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

c An Atl for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, /Merchandises^ or Effects: And whereas it is

* highly expedient that other and more convenient Provisions should be made for the regulating Insurances

4 hereafter to be made on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effcdls, than those which are cort-

4 tained and enacted in and by the said Act f be it therefore enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

4 by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act, made in the twenty-

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that, from

and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make or eftedl, or

cause to be made or effected, any Policy or Policies of Ailurance upon any Ship or Ships, Vessel or

Vessels, or upon any Goods, Merchandizes, Effects, or other Property whatsoever, without first insert-

ing, or causing to be inserted, in such Policy or Policies of Assurance, the Name or Names, or the usual

Stile and Firm of Dealing-of one or more of the Persons interested in such Assurance ; or without, instead

thereof, first inferring, or causing to be inserted in such Policy or Policies of Assurance, the Name or Names of

the usual Stile and Firm of Dealing of the Consignor or Consignors, Consignee or Consignees of the Goods,

Merchandizes, Effects, or,Property so to be insured ; or the Name or Names, or the usual Stile and F'irm

of Dealing of the Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, who shall receive the Order for and effect such

Policy or Policies of Assurance, or of tl\e Person or Persons who shall give the Order or Direction to the

Agent or Agents immediately employed to negociate or effect such Policy or Policies of Assurance.

If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Policy and Policies of Assurance,

made or underwrote contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all In-

tents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage

Coaches or other Carriages.

c TI7HERE AS great Mischiefs frequently arise, nnd bad Accidents happen, by reason of an im-

4 VV proper Number of Persons being allowed to go as Passengers on the Roofs or Boxes of Coaches,

4 Chaises, and other Carriages of the like Sort, travelling for Hire:* May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of .November one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-eight, if the Driver of any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, going

or travelling for Hire, shall permit or fuller more than fix Persons, at one and the fame Time, to ride or

go upon the Roof, or more than two Persons, besides the Driver, on the Box of any such Coach,

Chaise, or Carriage, going or travelling for Hire, every such Driver so c(fending, and being convicted of

such Offence, either by his own Confession. the View of a Justice of the Peace, or by the Oath or Oaths

of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the

County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place where such Offence shall be committed (which Oath every

such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such Driver shall, for every Person fa

riding or going as an Outside Passenger, oyer and above the Number of Persons herein-before mentioned

and

Preamble^

*5 Geo. c.44;.

repealed j and

no Policy to be

trade on an/

Ship, Sec. with-,

out inferring

thereon the

Name or N*mes,

or the Firm ot

Dealing, of one

or more of tl>e

Persons inte-

rested, &c.

Policies m*de

contrary to thii

An to be void.

Preamble.

Only 6 PafTen-*

gers to go upon

the Roof, and 2,

upon the fJox of

any Stage Coach,

&c. on the Pe-

nalties herein

mentioned.

