A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 85*

195

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, together

with such other Bishops as they shall call to their Assistance, to consecrate Persons, being Subjects or Ci-

tizens of Countries out of his Majesty’s Dominions, Bishops, for the Purposes aforesaid, without the King’s

Licence for their Election, or the Royal Mandate, under the Great Seal, for their Confirmation and Con-

fecration, and without requiring them to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Oath of due

Obedience to the Archbishop for the Time being.

II. Provided always. That no Persons shall be consecrated Bishops in the Manner herein provided, until

the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the l ime being, shall have first applied for and

obtained his Majesty's Licence, by Warrant under his Royal Signet and Sign Manual, authorifiing and im-

pjwcring him.to perform such Consecration, and exprdfing the Name or Names of the Persons so to be con-

lecrated, nor until the said Archbishop has been fully ascertained of their Sufficiency in good Learning, of

the Soundness of their Faith, and of the Purity of their Manners.

III. Provided also, and be it hereby declared, That no Person or Persons consecrated to the Office of

a Bishop in the Manner aforesaid, nor any Person or Persons deriving their Conlecratiou from or under

any Bishop so consecrated, nor any Person or Persons admitted to the Order of Deacon or Priest by any

Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, or by the Successor or Succelibrs of any Bishop or Bishops so con-

fecrated, shall be thereby enabled to exercise his or their respective Office or Offices within his Majesty's

Dominions.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Certificate of such Consecration shall be given

under the Hand and Seal of the Archbishop who consecrates, containing the Name of the Person so confe-

craud, with the Addition, as well of the Country whereof he is a Subject or Citizen, as of the Church in

which he is appointed Bishop, and the further Description of his not having taken the said Oaths, being ex-

empted from the Obligation of so doing by virtue of this Act.

je&t of fortig.i

States Bi/nops,

without the

King’s Licence

for the Eit&iois,

or requiring

thTn to t*ke the

usual Oath;

but not without

first obtainir g

his M.ije fly’s

Royal Licence

for performing

the Confccraiio*

Ac.

No Person* so

consecrated,

thereby enabled

to exr-rtife their

Offices in his

M« jelly’s Domi-

nions,

Certificate of

Consecration to

be given by the

Archbishop, See*

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act made in the sixth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Ex-

portation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign

rough Hemp exported, as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British~

made Cordage.

c IT WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned, which hath, by Experience, been found useful and Preamble.

c VV beneficial, is expired, and it is expedient that so much thereof as relates to allowing a Bounty on

the Exportation of British-made Cordage, be revived and continued, subject to the Alterations and Amend-

4 ments herein made :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An ASJ for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the

Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, which was to be in force from the fir It Day of July one

thousand (even hundred and sixty-six, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of three Years; and which, by another

Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term

of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessioh Parliament; and which by another Act,

made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of

four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; so far as the fame relates to

allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage, shall, from and after the passing of

this Act, be revived, and the lame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effeft for

the further Term of (our Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

subject to the several Amendments, Alterations, Regulations, and Restrictions, herein after provided and

expressed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty shall

be allowed or paid, to any Person or Persons whatever, by virtue of this Act, upon the Exportation of

Cordage wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain from Hemp of the Growth of the BritiJI) Colonies

or Plantations in America, or of the United States of America, nor for any Cordage whatever which shall

be exported, unless the Quantity thereof shall be three Tons Weight at the least.

under three

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Entry of such Cordage for

Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounty, the Exporter thereof shall make Oath that the fame is really

and truly intended to be exported as Merchandize, and not for the Use of the Ship during her then Voyage,

or any future Voyage; and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the

Ship’or Vessel in or on board of which such Cordage shall be intended to he exported, shall join in the Bond

required to be given for the due Exportation of such Cordage, or, on Failure thereof, no Bounty shall be

allowed or paid on the Exportation thereof.

C c 2 IV. And

6 Geo. 3. c 45.

as far at relates

granting a

Bounty on Ex-

portation of Bri*

tidi-made Cord,

age, to be revie-

ed and continued

for four Yean;

But no Bounty

to be paid for

Cordage made

from American

Hemp, nor for

any whatever

Tons Weight.

Owner to make

Oath that the

Cordage is realty

intended for Ex*

portation, and

the Matter of the

Ship to join in

the Bond to be

given in the

Occahon,

