A.D. 1788. Anno vicefitno odavo Georgii III. C. 46.

Spirit or Low Wine Still fifty Gallons ; neither Avail any Distiller or DiAillers be entitled or permitted to

cliftil Spirits for foci) Exportation as aforesaid, although he, (he, or they may have made an Entry as afore-

said, ur.Lfs he, (he, or they shall actually have distilled into Spirits all the VAAh and Low Wines in his,

her, or their Cu finely or i’ofidiion, for the making of Spirits for Home Consumption, at lead forty-eight

licurs before the Day mentioned in such Entry.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Difliilerand DiAillers,

and Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part or Great Britain called England, for Exportation from ther.ce

to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before he, (he, or they shall begin to make Spirits for

such Exportation as aforesaid, take out such Licence herein-after mentioned, as the Cafe may require,

authorising such Distiller ar.d iDiiliilcr?, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, to make Spirits for such Ex-

portation as aforesaid; and such Licences respedtively shall be granted in Manner herein-after mentioned;

that is to fav. If any such Licence Aiali be granted to atuhorilc the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits, to whom the fame shall be granted, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid,

within the Limits of the Chief Oihcc of Excise in London, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and

Seals of two or moic of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or cf such Pei fens

as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the 'Lime being, shall from Time

to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence Aiali be granted to authorise the Distiller or Oil*

tillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to whom the fame Aiali be granted, to make Spirits for such Ex-

portation as aforesaid in any Part of the Kingdom of England not within the said Limits, the fame Aiali be

granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or Districtin

the Kingdom of England within which the fame Aiali authorise the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

' Makers of Spirits to whom the fame shall be granted, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid;

and such Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them, and the Fcrfcns to be appointed by the said

Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors,

are hereby respectively auihoriled and required to grant Licences to the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or

Makers of Spirits applying for the fame, on such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits

appl ying for the fame, hrft paying for each such Licence which shall be granted to authorise the Distiller or

IXitillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to whom the fame shall be granted, to make Spirits for such Ex-

portation as aforesaid, the several Duties and Sums of Money following; that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, in-

•cluding the Head, which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or DiAillers, or Maker or Makers of

Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain,

Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Ma-

terials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land, the Sum of three Pounds: ..

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, in-

cluding the Head, which flia.ll be uied or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers

of Spirits, in that Part of Great Eiitain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or

Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of live Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, in-

cluding the Head, which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers

of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign

refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wafti prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or

any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid the Sum of six Pounds.

Which said respective Duties and Sums of Money Aiali be paid by such Person or Persons, and at the re-

(pe<5hve Times and in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons Aiali begin

to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials (or the making of Wash to be distilled into

3Lovv Wines in order to extract Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from

thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Person or Persons shall take out such Licence,

in the Manner as is in that Behalf therein-before directed, ten Days at the least before he, (he, or they shall

begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be distilled

into Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid ; and if any Person or Persons

shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be distilled

into Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation

from thence to that Part of Greet Britain called Scotland, without taking out such Licence, as is in that Be-

half herein-before directed, the Person or Persons so offending Aiali, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum

of two hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Dif-

tillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall take out

such Licence as in that Behalf is before directed, shall immediately pay down the Proportion of the Duty

from the fifth Day of 'July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to the Day of granting such Li-

cence, and also one-sixth Part of the Money hereby directed to be paid for such Licence (o to be taken out,

£tnd shall at the End of every two Months, to be reckoned from the "Lime of taking out such Licence, pay

down another sixth Part of the Money to be paid for such Licence, until the Whole of the Money hereby

dire£led to be paid for such Licence shall be fully paid.

*S Geo. III. 3 S XL. And

Goog

487

E^hnd, whose

Mi ill* arc not of

the Chanty

herein mentt-

ca.d, See.

tnp t.n h D flil*

! ms to t?kc out

fu:h Licence is

is be-eir-^fier

mentoned.

Manner of

granting such

Licences.

The following

Duties to he pail

for Licences to

d'stil Spirits in

England to ex-

port to Scotland,

▼ix.

For terry Gal-

lon of the Con-

tents of i heStill,

if the Materials

are Bri’.i/h, 3 1 }

if Melasses or

Sugar, 5 1. ;

and if Foreign

refund Wiue,

See. 61.

Licences to be

taken out 10

Days before the

Fartie* begin to

m Wash to

be distilled for

Exportation to

Scotland.

Penalty of20ol«

for Neglect of

taking out such

Licence-

Manner of pay-

ing the Duty for

such Licences.

