A..D.1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 41—43. 387

(ications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purpofts; and to indem-

nify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough 'Towns, whole Admissions have been

omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid; and for

allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Soli-

citors.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery. [756,375 /.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of

Purchasers.

" Ad 3 Geo. 1. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since &7V. 29, 1717, to be good in Law,

44 if inrolled before Ocl. 1, 1787. Not to extend to Deeds, the ValiJity whereof has been brought

44 in question before April j, 1787. Purchalcs made not to be avoided on account of the Title-deeds not

44 having been inrolled, &c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any

44 Benefice, GV. in Trust for any Papist.”

CAP. XLIIL

An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in the Court of Session of

the County Palatine of Chester > and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits

depending in the fame Court,

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no Person or Persons is or are im powered to Preamble,

4 W grant Commissions for the taking or swearing of Affidavits, to be read and made use of in the

4 Court of Session, otherwise called Great Session, for the County Palatine of Che/ler, before his Majesty’s

4 Justices of the said Court, as well of Pleas of the Crown as of Common Pleas, and of all Manner

4 of Pleas whatsoever, in the several Matters and causes depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the

4 foid Court; and that the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy,

have not Power and Authority to take and swear such Affidavits as aforesaid, and to take Affidavits for

the Justification of Special Bails, taken in Actions and Suits in the said Court; and also, that no Person or

4 Perions is or are impowered to grant Commissions for the taking of Special Bails in Actions and Suits in

the said Court / for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of just;cesof rh<

the said Court for the Time being, or either of them, shall and may, by one or more Commission or Com- Court of Session

millions, under the Seal of the said County Palatine, from 'Time to Time, as Need shall require, impower for the County

such and so many Person or Persons as they or either of them shall think fit or necessary, to take and receive P»l»nneofChef-

alland every such Affidavit and Affidavits as any Person or Persons shall be willing to make, before any of pVrni to ukltf

the Persons so impowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing, depending, or hereafter to be Affidavits la

depending, or in any wile concerning any of the Proceedings to be in the said Court, as the Justices of his causes depend-

Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, the Lord Treasurer^and the Chancellor and Barons in8 herein,

of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any of them, do ule to do; and also that, from and after Prothonotary or

the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Prothonotary of the said Court of Session for the his Deputy may

said County of Chester for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy ex officio, as Officers of the tak?like

fame Court, and without such Commission or Commissions as aforesaid, to take and receive all and

every such Affidavit and Affidavits as aforesaid, in or concerning such causes, Matters, or Things

as aforesaid; which said Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the Office of the Protho-

notary of the said County, and the fame shall and may be read and made use of in the said Court,

to all Intents and Purposes, as other Affidavits taken in the said Court now are; and that all and

every Affidavit and Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be of the fame Force and Effect as Affidavits taken in

the said Court now are; and all and every Person and Persons forfwcaring him or themselves in such Affi- Persons for-

davit or Affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the fame Pains and Penalties as he, she, or they would have fwcarinK them-

incurrcd and been liable unto if such Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and taken in open Court; which fame* Penal-

said several Commissions shall be made out by the Prothonotary of the said Court of Scilion, upon a Fiat or tics a8 for fa|fc

Warrant from the said Justices for the Time being, or one of them; and the said Prothonotary shall caul? Affidavits in

an Entry to be made, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, of the Names of the Persons to whom such optn Court.

Commissions shall be fjrom Time to Time granted, and of the respeefive Times when such Commissions Manner of

shall be issued; and the following Fees shall be paid for each Commission, and no more; (to wit:) 'The m-kinpout

Sum of two Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant; the Sum of four Shillings for making out the Commission, Cc.^rajJp°ns for

besides the King’s Duty, and the Value of the Parchment; and the Sum of four Shillings for sealing the &c. a*

fame: And the said Prothonotary, and his officiating Deputy, and every Commissioner, or Person so im- Fc'c* to *be

powered as aforesaid, shall take and receive, for the swearing of each Affidavit before him or them, the for such Com^

Sum or Fee of one Shilling, and no more: Provided nevertheless, T hat neither any Person appointed a Coni- Ihifiionf, and for

27 Geo. III. 3 E lyissioner *k«ng Arfida.

viti.

