170

If an unfair In-

ert a fe or De*

c.*;afe be found

in tKc Stock of

Rud,>, A.C in

any Warehouse,

the Proprietor

ft* forfeit 5001.

Preamble.

Per font assault*

ing Officer*, &c.

or attempting to

refeue prohibit*

ed Goods, to be

bound with two

Sureties to ap-

pear to Inform*

lions.

and refusing to

become bound,

to be imprison-

Cd,

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

.limitation of

./Unions.

General Ifiiie.

Treble Cofti.

C. 77. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. P. 1786.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the first Day of

August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover and find

in such Warehouse or WarehoustS any Increase of Rum or Spirits (other than and except such as shall

arise from such Rum or Spirits as Hull have been imported and landed as aforesaid, and lodged and put into

such Warehouse or Warehouses, under the Direction and Authority of the Statutes in that Cafe made and

provided) over and above the Quantity of Rum or Spirits which the Officer found in such Warehouse or

Warehouses at the Time of the lati preceding Survey upon such Warehouse or Warehouses, or shall dif-

eover and find, in such Warehouse or Warehouses, any Decrease of Rum or Spirits (other than and except

such Decrease as (h ill arise from such Rum or Spirits delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, ac-

cording to the Form of the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or as shall arise from Leakage or other

unavoidable Accident) under and below the Quantity of Rum or Spirits which the Officer found in such

Warehouse or Warehouses at the Time of the lait preceding Survey upon such Warehouse or Warehouses,

such Increase or Decrease shall be deemed and taken to have been made by Means of the Proprietor or Im-

porter, Proprietors or Importers, of such Rum or Spirits so imported and landed, and lodged and put into

such Warehouse or Warehouses, under the Direction and Authority of the Statute in that Cafe made and

provided, having by some Means, Act, Device, or Contrivance, opened such Warehouse or Warehouses,

not in the Presence of the proper Warehouse-keeper, or other Officer of Excise, whose Hufinefs it is to at-

tend with the Key to open the fame; and in every such Cafe such Importer or Proprietor, Importers or

Proprietors, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, five hundred Pounds.

4 XVIII. And whereas Persons who have been guilty of assaulting or ob(tru£ting Officers of the Customs

4 or Excise in the due Execution of their Offices, or of refeuing, or attempting to refeue. Goods seized by

4 such Officers, or of Offences against the Laws respecting Quarantine, being prosecuted for the fame by

4 Indictment or Information in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, do frequently escape Punishment by

4 reason that such Persons have not been ulually put under any Recognizance to answer such Indictment or

4 Information, unless in Cafes where some speciffck pecuniary Penalty is imposed, or where the Offertce.

4 having been committed in the County of Middlesex, an Indictment for the fame has been originally found

4 in the said Court of King’s Bench;’ for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That whenever any Person or Persons shall be charged with assaulting or obstructing any Officer or Of-

ficers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or any Person or

Persons ailing in his or their Aid or Assistance, or with refeuing, or attempting to refeue by Force any un-

customed or prohibited Goods, after Seizure thereof by such Officer or Officers, or with any Offence against:

any Law respecting Quarantine, and the fame shall be made appear to any Judge of his Majesty’s Court of

King’s Bench, by Affidavit or by Certificate of an Indictment or Information being filed against such Per-

son or Persons in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his War-

rant in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended and

brought before him, or some other Judge of the said Court, or before some one of his Majesty’s Tuftices of

the Peace, in order to his, her, or their being bound to the King’s Majesty’s with two sufficient Sureties in

such Sum as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said Court at the Time

mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and singular Indictments or Informations for any the Of-

fences aforesaid ; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refute to become bound as aforesaid, it

shall be lawful for such Judge, or Justice of the Peace, respectively, to commit such Person or Persons to the

Common Gaol of the County, City, or-Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he,

(he, or they shall have been apprehended, until he, (he, or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall

be difeharzed by Order of the said Court of King’s Bench in Term Time, or by one of the Judges of the said

Court in Vacation ; and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and

filed in the said Court, and shall continue in force until such Person or Persons shall have been acquitted of

such Offence, or in case of Conviction, shall have received Judgement for the lame, unless sooner ordered by

the said Court to be discharged.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law

or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westmbifter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively ; and that one Moiety of every

such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or

commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such

Action or Suit shall be commenced within one Month next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid

in the proper County ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a

VcrdiCt shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or

discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him,

her, or them, against such Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs.

CAP.

/

