C. Io8r

A. D. 1786,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III;

or they shall, before tW6 or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of

Westminster (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the fame), take an Oath or Affirmation

in the WordLs following \ to wit,

“ T A, B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will truly and

44 -■* faithfully, acording to the best of my Judgement and Ability, execute the Office of one of the Princi-

44 pal Land Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Dutchy of Lan•

44 cafler adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and

44 for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

“ So help me GOD,”

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

laid Principal Land Coal-meters, or any one of them, and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby autho-

rifed. directed, and required, to appoint from Time to Time a sufficient Number of Persons to be Labour-

ing Coal- meters, within the Limits of this Act; one or more of which said Labouring Coal-meters shall at-

tend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, within

the Limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be Rationed by the Principal Land Coal-meters, or anyone of

them, during the Continuance of this Act, at such Time as is required by the Wharfinger or Dealer in

Coals where such Meter or Meters is or are Rationed, to measure out, or fee measured, the Coals which

shall. from Time to Time, be sold at any of the said Wharfs, Warehouses, or Places where such Labouring

Coal-meters shall be so Rationed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,'That no Person shall be capable of acting as

one of the Labouring Coal-meters to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his Ma-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster (who is and are hereby authorised

and required to administer the fame), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the

Effect following \ to wit.

44 ¥ A. B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faith-

44 ¥ fully, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of one of the Labouring Coal-meters

44 for the City and Liberty of IVefhninJhr, and for that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and

44 for the several Parishes of Saint Gies in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for that Part of the Parish of

44 Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and that I will truly and impartially measure,

44 or fee measured, all Coals between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or Hatred.

44 So help me GOD.”

And the said Justice or Justices respectively, who shall administer the Oaths or take the Affirmations by this

Act directed, i9 and are hereby required to certify the fame to the next General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, after the taking of such Oaths or Affirmations respec-

tively, there to remain on Record.

V I. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Principal Land

Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under them or him, shall at any Time or-

Times hereafter, during their or his respective Continuance in their or his Office or Employment aforesaid,

be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, every such Principal

Land Coal-meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

and such Labouring Coal-meter respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds, and such Labouring Coal-meter, being thereof convicted before the said Court of Quarter Sessions,

shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holdings

. or executing the fame, or any other, under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise, being given to any of the said

Labouring Coal-meters, or left at the said Principal Land Coal-meter’s Office, for a Labouring Coal-

meter or Meters to attend at any Wharf within the Limits of this Act, to be named in such Notice, in order

10 measure, or fee measured, the Coals of the Person giving the Notice, such Labouring Coal-meter or

Meters shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, within the Space of one Hour from the Time of giving the

fame, or sooner if possible, and do his or their Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act j and

in case of Neglect or Refusal to-attend accordingly, such Labouring Coal-metert>r Meters shall, (or every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings each ; and the principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-

meter, neglecting to fend such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence,-

forfeit and pay the like Sum of twenty Shillings.

Vm. And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it enacted, That the Stations to be appointed to and

for the Labouring Coal-meters shall be frequently varied by the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter,

or the Persons or Person executing the Office of Principal Land Coal-meter, in such Manner as they or he

shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals which, from and -after the ferd

twenty-fourth Day of July, shall be sold as and for Wharf Measure, at any Place or Places within the Li-

mits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of one of the said Labouring Coal-meters, in such Man-

ner as is directed in and by an Act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled. An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; and the said La-

bouring Coal-meters shall and may, and are hereby respectively authorised and required to fill up any BuOiel

or

2*5

Tbc Oatfe

Principal! tb apt

point Labouring

Coal.meten.

Their Stations*

They are to be

/Worn.

Labouring Me*

tei’a Oath.

Justices to cer-

tify the Oath or

Affirmation*

Meters not to be

interested in the

Sale of Coals.

Penalty on Prliir.

cipals neglecting

to fend a Labour*

ing Coal-meter,

and on Labour*

ing Coil-meterr

not attending o»

Notice.

Stations of La-

bouring Mmu

to be varied.-

Coals tfl

fuied in Pr«*fence

of a Labouring

Meter.

16 Sc 17 Car*

c. a*

