340

Choteh warden!

an^ OverCeert to

Kent and Sussex,

to make Return!

of Men li.ble to

serve, Skc. tn4

to have the Au-

thority her-by

franrrd to Con-

fab I es in*other

Placet, Ate,

Certified Re-

tarn* of the

Militia to bean*

Dually sent to

the Cterki of

the Peace to be

filed.

Where oo such

Return is re-

ceived. the fane

it to be certified

by the Clerk of

the Peice.

5 1. per Man for

the Number to

he raifedt to be

aflfrfled annually

on Placet from

whence no such

Returns are feat.

No Person who

hat ferret four

Yfiu nan Of-

ficer, to bear

aojr Part of the

Ibid Afle&aem.

Mow the Aficff-

ment shall be

extortioned be-

tween CouUtiet,

ond Citict being

C. icy. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

* drawn by Lot for the Service of the said Militia, and also in the Payment of the Money directed to be

4 paid by the Parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: And whereas it would be more expedient that

4 the baHotting for Men to serve in the said Militia for the Counties of Sussex and Kent should be by die

* Division of Parishes, to which Division there is no Peace Officers Be it therefore enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That, from and after the last Tuesday in October next, his said Majesty’s Lieutenant, or on his

Death or Removal, or on his Absence, any three of more Deputy Lieutenants of the Counties of Sussex

and Kent respectively, shall and may issue out his or their Orders to the Chief Constable of the several

Hundreds in the Rapes in the said Counties where their Suhdivisions may have been or may be appointed,

directing such Chief Constables to issue their Precepts to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor>of each

Parish within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their

respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Days by them directed, fair and true Lifts, in Writing, of

the Names of all the Men usually dwelling within their respective ParUhes, between the Ages of eighteen

and forty-five, distinguishing their, respective Ranks and Occupations, and for such several other Purposes as

are by this Act directed to be done and performed by the Constables, Tythingmen, Headborough, or other

Officer of each Parish, Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions; and that

the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes in the said Counties to whom such

Orders shall be issued, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Officers of such Pariftu and Hull

be inverted with all the Powers and Authorities, and be liable to the several Pains. Penuries, and Forfeitures,

as the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parifo, Tything, or Place, are

fobjeft and liable to, for or upon account of his refusing or neglecting to return such Lifts as aforesaid,

or being guilty of Fraud or wilful Partiality in making thereof, or not attending the Orders issued by his

Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants, respectively, or for the several other Offences in the

said recited Act, or in the present Act, contained.

4 CXV1. And whereas it may happen, through Neglect or otherwise, that in some County or Place

4 the Militia may not be raised, according to the Directions of this Act; and it is just and reasonable that

4 all his Majesty’s Subjects should contribute equally toward the Expence of railing and supporting a Militia

4 for the Defence of the Kingdom be it therefore wither enacted, That the Lieutenant, or any three Deputy

Lieutenants, of every County, Riding, and Place, where die Militia shall be raised, according to the Di-

rections of this Act, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, tranunit a Cer-

tificate to the Clerk of the Peace, containing an Account of the Names, Number, and Rank of the Of-

ficers, and the Number of Private Men of the Militia in that Year, and the Time during which such Mi-

litia hath been trained and exercised; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall deliver such Certificate

to the Justices of the*Peace, at their General Quarter Session to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day

of December, in every Year, on the Day on which such Session shall be opened, and the fame shall be filed

amongst the Records of such Session; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of

the Peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the fame under his Hand and Seal to the Justices lb assembled,

and such Certificate of the said Clerk of the Peace shall be filed by him amongst the Records of

such Session.

CXVII. And be it further enacted. That in every County and Place where no such Certificate (baB be

transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds shall be annually paid for and in

lieu of every private Militia Man by this Act directed to be raised within the same County or Place; and

the Justices of the Peace shall and are hereby required, at their said General Quarter Session, to rate and assess

the Sum of five Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon cveiy such County or Place, in such Manner, and ac-

cording to such and the fame Proportions, upon every Town, Parish, and Division within such County or

Place, and the fame shall be levied, collected, received, paid, and accounted for in such Manner, and by

such Ways and Means, and with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the Cqlle&ion

and Payment thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect or account for the lame,

who shall make Default therein, as are directed with respect to County Rates by an Act made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An Act for the easy assessing, collecting, and levying

of County Rates, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament: Provided always. That no Person refid ing

or having an Estate within any such County or. Place, who shall have served as an Officer in any Body of Mi-

litia raised within this Kingdom for the Space of four Years, or who shall be then actually serving as an

Officer in the Militia, shall be liable to pay any Part or Share of such Rate or Assessment to be made as

aforesaid, provided such Person shall have delivered a Certificate of such Service to the Clerk of the Peace

for the County or Place wherein he shall claim such Exemption, and also a Roll or Lift of his Tenants, and

the Places of their Abode : which Certificate, and Roll or Lift, shall be signed by such Person, and every

such Clerk of the Peace mall forthwith file such Certificate. Roll, and Lift, amongst the Records of the

Quarter Session : and whenever the said Rate or Assessment shall be ordered to be raised within such County

or Place, such Clerk of the Peace shall certify to the High Constables of every such County or Place the

Names of all Persons whose Certificate shall nave been so filed, and who shall have claimed such Exemption

as aforesaid, and the Names of their^ Tenants, so inserted in such Roll or Lift, and such High Constables

are hereby required to transmit such Certificate, and Roll or Lift, to the Petty Constable of every Town-

ship or Place wherein the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Person claiming to be exempted are

situate, in order that the fame may not be assessed or charged y> such Rate or Assessment.

CXVUI. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where a certain Number of Militia Men are

directed to be raised for any County, together with any City or Town being a County of itself, and the

Militia shall not be raised for such County and City, or Town, the Payment oTthe said Sum of five Pounds

per Man upon the whole Number of Militia Men ib directed to be raised as aforesaid shall be divided and

apportioned

Gc 3

