A.D. 1786. "Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 41.

formance of all other Matters dirafted and appointed by this present Act to be performed for obtaining the

laid Bounty.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Per-

son or Persons, for and during the Time limited by this Act, to import into Great Britain Whale Fins,

Oil, or Blubber of Wholes, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fith or Crea-

tures taken or caught in the said Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British)

Subjects* usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands aforesaid, in British-built Ships or

Vessels, owned and navigated as before required, in regard to the Bounties granted by this Act, without

pay.ng any Cuitom, Sublidy, or other Duty, for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

give Liberty of importing any of the before-mentioned Articles Duty-free, unless the Mailer and Mate of

the Ship or Vessel importing the fame shall first make Oath before the principal Officers of the Customs, or

any two of them (of which the Collector shall be one), in the Port or Ports of Importation (who are hereby

respectiveky authorised and required to administer such Oath), that all the Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of

Whales, Seal Oil, Seal Skins, or other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures imported in such Ship

or Vessel, are really and bona file the Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, or the Skins, Oil, or other Produce

of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures caught and taken in the said Greenland Seas or Davis' s'Streights, or

in the Seas adjacent, by the Crews of such Ships or Vessels only, owned, fitted out, and navigated as

aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

tive or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Person or

persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds ; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, crafe,

alter, or falsify any Certificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of

any false Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited, craied, altered, or fallihed, such Person or. Per-

fons shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and every such Certificate shall

be invalid and of no EiFeft.

4 XVII. And whereas the Greenland Fishery Trade cannot be carried on without a certain Number of

4 Men particularly qualified to carry on the said Fishery ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That no Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat Steerer, who shall be in, or belong to, any Ship or Vessel in

the Greenland Fishery Trade, and whose Name (distinguishing the Capacity in which the Person so named

is to act) shall be inserted in a List, which is hereby required to fce delivered, on Oath, by the Owner of

such Ship or Vessel to the Collector of the Customs at the Port from which such Shin or Vessel is intended to-

proceed upon the said Fishery (which Oath such Collector is hereby impowered and required to administer),

shall be impressed from the said Service; and that any such Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat Steerer,

may, during the Time of the Year that he or they are not employed in the said Fishery, fail in the Colliery

Trade, upon giving Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that he or they will

proceed in the said Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, on the Whale Fishery, the

next Season; and that every Seaman or common Mariner who, after the first Day of February, in any Year

during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to serve on board any Ship which shall be intended to

proceed on the said Fishery in the following Season, whose Name shall be inserted in a Lilt to be delivered as

aforesaid, and who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs to pro-

ceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from being imprelfed from or out of the

said Service from the said first Day of February, till after the Expiration of the then next Season for the said

Fishery, and until the Voyage home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any

Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. ,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Greenland Seas, and Davis's

• Streights, and Seas adjacent, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend

to the Latitude of fifty-nine Degrees thirty Minutes North, and no farther.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Customs for England and Scotland respectively shall, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament,- lay

before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing under their Hands, of what Number of Ships or

Veflelshave been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights, and the Greenland Seas, with their

respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they

were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship or. Vessel shall have

imported.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and

Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue or prosecute for the fame in any of his Ma-

jt fly's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer, in Scotlandr respectively, where the

Offence shall be committed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in

Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by Authority

of this Act : And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited. or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants

ftiailL

45

Whale Fins, Ac.

may be imported

in Britishi Ship*

Duty-free;

but not unless

Oath is made

that the Cargo

was caught by

the Crews of

such Ships.

Personsgrantfhg.

or using false

Certificates for-

feit 500!.

No Harpooner,

See, shall be iro*

prettied ;

but may when

unemployed

therein, fail in

the Colliery

Tr*de, on giving

Security to re-

turn the next

Season.

Common Sea-

men protected

till the End of

the Season after

Entry,

Extent of the

Fishery,

Commissionert

of the Custom*

to lay before

Parliament! an-

nually, the

Amount of the

Number o&

Ships, See. em-

ployed.

How Penaldee

are to be approx

priated.

General Iff*.

