A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 73.

Low Wines, make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excite, within the Limits

whereof his, her, or their Workhouse, Still-house, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place for the brew-

ing, mixing, dillilling, making, or keeping Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, is or shall be situate, of

all Coppers, Tuns, Backs, Coolers, Stills, Calks, and Vessels, which he, she, or they shall nuke use of

for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, dillilling, holding, laying, or keeping any Wort, Wafn,

or Low Wines, or any Spirits or Feints; and in such Entry {lull inlert the Day when he, she, or they

shall intend to begin first to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of W011,

Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor to be dialled into Low Wines, and in such Entry shall specity the par-

ticular Use and Purpose to and for which each such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Calk, and VeflM,

is intended to be used, applied, or appropriated; and no such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Calk, or Veifed,

shall be used, applied or appropriated to any other Use or Purpose than that to which the fame is in

such Entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, and appropriated, and which Entry and Entries (lull

be made out according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, as the Cale may require; and if any such Dif-

tiller or DJflillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, dull neglect to make such Entry, ecify-

ing as aforesaid, or shall use, apply, or appropriate any such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Calk, or

Vellel, in the Way of his, her, or their Trade or Business of a Dilidler or Didillers, or Maker or Makers

of Low Wines or Spirits, to or for any other Ule or Purpose than that to or for which such Copper, Tun,

Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, or Vessel, is in such Entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, or ap-

propriated, he, she, or they {hall, for each and every such Odeuce, forfeit and lole the Sum of one hundred

Pounds, together with all Wort, Walh, Low Wines, Spirits, Feints, and other Liquors reflectively,

which mall be found in any such Copper, 7'un, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, or Vefiel, at the Time when such

Offence shall be committed; and such Wort, Wath, Low Wines, Spirits, Feints, and other Liquor respec-

tively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Didiller or Didillers, or Maker

or Makers of Spirits for Home Consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw or discontinue his, her, or

their Entry of any Stiil-house or Storehouse whilst any Duty therein {hall be depending, or any Utensils

for brewing* fermenting, or diddling shall be {landing; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer

pr Officers of Excise, by Night as well as by Day (but if in the N ight, then on producing his or their Com-

mission or Commissions as such Officer or Officers), to enter, by the usual or mod accustomed Doors or

Passages, into all entered Still-houses, and all other Places where Utensils for brewing, fermenting, or dif-

tilling are Handing, belonging to any Didiller or Didillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits ;

and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obdrudl any such Officer or Officers of Excise from having free

Ingrefcand Regress into and from any such entered Stiil-house or Place, every such Person {hall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and after any Obdrudlion, it shall and may

be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers of Excise, together with proper Affidants, to break open by

Force any Doors leading or belonging to such entered Stiil-house or Place, or any of the Windows thereof,

or to break through any of the Walls, so far as {hall be necessary for obtaining Entrance thereunto: Provided

always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the changing of

any Entry from the Name of one Owner or Proprietor of the entered Premises, to the Name of any lub-

sequent Owner or Proprietor thereof; or to prevent any Didiller or Didillers, or Maker or Makers of Low

W ines or Spirits, from changing his, her, or their Entry for making of Spirits for Home Consumption, to

an Entry for making of Spirits for Exportation; or from changing his, her, or their Entry for making of

Spirits for Exportation, to an Entry for making of Spirits for Home Consumption; or from changing his,

her, or their Entry for the making of Spirits from Corn or Malt, to an Entry for the making of Spirits

from-Melaffesor Sugar; or from changing his, her, or their Entry for the making of Spirits from Mdaiies

or Sugar, to an Entry for the making of Spirits from Corn or Malt; so that every new Entry, for the

respective Purposes aforesaid, be made on the same Day whereon such Didiller {hall have withdrawn or

discontinued his former Entry; but if the new Entry {hall not be made an the same Day in which the former

Entry shall be withdrawn, such former Entry {hall remain and continue in full Force.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every fermenting Wash-back which,

from and after the fird Day of Augtyl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be used or kept by

any Didiller or Maker, or Didillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall have a Hole or Dipping

Place in the 'Lop thereof, and be so placed and construclcd as that the Officer of Excise may be conve-

niently enabled to take his Dip or Gauge at such Hole or Dipping Place at the Top thereof; and that

every fermenting, or other, Wash-back {hall, after the fird Day of February one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-seven, be so constructed and placed, as that the Top thereof shall be under or beneath the Level,

of the Charging Cock of the Wash Still; and if any such Didiller or Maker, or Didillers or Makers of

Spirits, shall keep or Use any fermenting Walh-back without such Hole or Dipping Place being at the Top

thereof, or shall have, keep, or use any fermenting Wash-back so placed or conttruflcd as that the Officer

of Excise cannot convenienly be enabled to take his Dip or Gauge at such Hole or Dipping Place

at the Top thereof, he, (lie, or they shall, for every such Oilence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred

Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Didiller and Didillerf, and

Maker and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits, shall, after his, her, or their Wash-back or Wa(h-backs

shall be quite empty, and before the fame shall.be begun to be frefn limed, give or cause to be given to (ome

or one of the Officers of Excise, under whole Survey he, she, or they flail then be, such Notice in Writing

as herein after is mentioned, before the particular Hour or 'Lime when he, (be, or they intends or intend to

begin to lime such Wash-back or Wash-backs; (that is to say), he, she, or Xhey, it within the Weekly

*6 Geo. III. U ‘ Bills

14S

not so be used

c therw fe than

fpKciftcdin the

Entry.

Penalty on Per.

Tons neglecting

to make Entry,

See.

Entries not to

be withdrawn

while Duties are

depending, &c,

Persons hinder*

ing Officer! from

entering Still-

houses, forfeit

100 1.

If Officers ate

obstrudled, they

may break Open

Still-houses, Scc.

Cafes where En-

tries may be

changed.

Wash-baeks to

be so construtteA

that the Office*

may conveni-

ently take the

G. u^e, on Pe-.

nahy of 200 1.

r

Notice to be

given before

Wrffli-rack' art

frcih limed, on

Penary of 50 U

