6io

;fany

)V» f'n who his

S' t mtoe Eniry

ihi'\ p?int (ucji

W. ras on hi*

Honir, he shall

so*U.i: IOO 1.

*C.

P<*rfon? msnu-

Enduring To-

bacco, &c. or

b-niff, in any

Place out of tht

Limit* of the

Ci ict Office of

} xc iie in Lm.

d n, except in

Cities, fee. to

forfeit 50i -i

bat not to

extend to Manu-

factories duly

entered and used

prior to July 5,

17S9,

By Sept. 30,

1789,an Ac-

count on Oath

of the Stcclt of

Tohacco, dec. to

be del vt red at

the Excite Otiice

of the Diflridt,

on Penalty of

Forfeiture,

and also of ths

Quantities of

Tobacco, tee*

* hen out in

Operation, on

like Penalty.

C. 68. Anno viccfimo nono Geojigix IH. A-. *7^9*

Flour, SnufF Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, or Snuff, the Words, ManujaZhtrcr cf and Deilcr in Tobacco

and Snuff, or Tobacco, or Snujf, or Mcnrafi durcr cf or Dealer in 'Tobacco and Snuff* or Tobacco, or Snuff, as

the Calc may require, on pain of forfeiting for every inch House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room,

Cellar, Vault, or other Place which shall be so made use of by any such Manufacturer or Manufacturer*, or

Dealer or Dealers, without having the said Words painted or written as is hereby directed, the Surn of

fifty Pounds.

LXIIl. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons .whatsoever,.other than such as shall

have duly made Entry at the proper Oifice of Excise of each and every House, Warehouse, Workhouie,

Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, and other Place, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the manu-

facturing, keeping, or felling of Tobacco, 'Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk

Flour, SnufF Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and SnufF, or one of them, shall paint or write, or cause to ce

painted or written, over the outer Door, or in the Front, or on any Part of any floufe. Warehouse,

Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or Place to him, her, or them belonging, the faiJ Words, or any

of them, all and every such Person or Persons respectively offending therein shall, for each and every fico

()hdnee, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also be subject to the feve ra! 1 enr.Pies and For-

feitures to which Persons manufacturing of or dealing in 'Tobacco and Snuff, or either of them, without

Entry, are luejected to by virtue of this Act.

LAIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall manufacture, or cause

or procure to be manufactured, out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, any To-

bacco, 'Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for 'Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk

Flour, or Snuff, in any Place or Places whatsoever, other than and except Cities and the Suburbs thereof,

and Market Towns, and also except such Place and Places respectively as shall be more than five Miles

distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, unless such Place or Places shall be a City or Sub-

urbs thereof, or a Market 'Town within three Miles of fume Port into which Tobacco may be imported

under this Act, and in which the Manufacture of 'Tobacco or Snuff shall be carried on at the Time of passing

this Act; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall manufacture, or cause or procure to be manu-

factured, out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excile in London, any Tobacco, Tobacco Sulks,

Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, 'Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any

Place or Places whatsoever, other than and except.Cities and the Suburbs thereof, and Market Towns,

and also except such Place and Places respectively as shall be more than five Miles distant from any

Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, the Person or Persons so offending shall severally and reflectively,

for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXV. Provided always, That no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, duly licensed

according to the Directions of this Act, shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for or by

reason of his, her, or their manufacturing, or causing or procuring to be manufactured, any Tobacco,

Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for 'Tobacco Stalk Flour, Fuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff,

at any 'Tobacco or Snuff Manufactory, whereof due Entry shall be made at the Office of Excise, according

to the Directions of this Act, and which shall have been used as a Tobacco or SnufF Manufactory re-

spectively, at any Time on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine $ any

'Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandine.

LX VI. And be it further enacted, 'That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer

and Dealers in Tobacco or SnufF shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-nine, deliver or cause to be delivered, upon Oath, according to the best of his, her, or

their Knowledge and Belief, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof his, her, or their

respective Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places by him, her,

or them, made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, To-

bacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnufF Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, respectively, shall be

situate, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of the Weight of the several Quantities of To-

bacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and SnufF respectively, which shall, on the said

thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be in his, her, or their Custody or

Possession, specifying in such Account how much thereof is unmanufactured Tobacco, how much thereof

Short Cut Tobacco, how much thereof Shag Tobacco, how much thereof Roll Tobacco completely ma-

nufactured, how much thereof Carrot 'Tobacco completely manufactured, how much thereof Tobacco

Stalks, how much thereof Spanish, how much thereof Returns of Tobacco, how much thereof Tobacco

Stalk Flour, how much thereof British Rappee SnufF, how much thereof Scotch Snuff, how much thereof

Brown Scotch Snuff, and how much thereof Foreign Snuff, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect to de-

liver or cause to be delivered such Account, all such 'Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spari/h, Tobacco Stalk

Flour, and Snuff respectively, whereof no iiich Account shall be Vo delivered, together with the Hogtheads,

Calks, and Packages respectively, containing the fame respectively; and such 'Tobacco, "Tobacco Stalks,

Spanish, 'Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnufF, Hogsheads, Calks, and Packages respectively, shall and may beleized

by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXVII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers cf Tobacco

or Snuff shall, on or before the said thirtretn Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

nine, deliver or cause to be delivered upon Oath, according to the best of his, her, and their Knowledge

and Belief, at the Office of Excile within the Compass or Limits whereof his, her, or their respective

Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places respectively by him,

her, or them made use of for the manufacturing or keeping Tobacco, ToPacco Stalks, or Snuff Work, in

Operation, shall be situate, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of the Weight of the several

* Quantities

^.oooole

