1

II

I

I

I

i

i

r

i;

! i

I

i

i

11

I

i

i

35*

Act to eomlmn

to force to*

Sept, i, 1792V

and'to the End

of the then next

Scdion.

Preamble.

From May 10,

1787, the fol-

lowing Datiei

re to be paid oil

_ the Importation

of Glass, over

and above the

present Duties,

vis.

C. 2 Anno vicesimo septimo G eo 1 III. A.D. 1787.

X.. And it it* hereby further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force to the first Day of September

one thousand fe veil hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Glass imported into Great Britain,

and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Duties should be granted on GUds imported into Great

Britain from the European Dominions of the French King, in order to countervail the internal

‘ Duties payable on the Manufacture thereof in this Kingdom; and also certain additional Duties on Glass

4 imported from other Parts \ and that further Provision should be made for charging the Duties on Glass

4 made in Great Britain: We. your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great

4 Britain, in Parliament act'embled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall

be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all other

Duties due and payable upon all Glass which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the

European Dominions of the French King, or from any other Place whatsoever, the several Inland Duties

following; that is to say.

F*r every square

Foot of French

Plate Glefi,

I ». 5 d. % q.

For every Cwt,

of French Flint

G)tfs,&c. 11 91.

For every Cwt,

of French Broad

Glafa, 8 i«r 1 d.

For every Cwt.

of Freach

.Crown, or Ger-

man Sheet GU/i,

X9f. 10 d.

For every Cwt.

of Freoch Bot-

tles, 4a. od. *q.

For every Cwt.

of Plate Glass,

or ether Glass,

not 01 her wife

enumerated,

x 1. 8 1.

For every square Foot, superficial Measure, of French Plate Glass, which shall be imported as afore-

said, the Sum of one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of French Flint Glass, or French Enamel, Stained, or Parts Glafc,or French

Phiai Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of one Pound and nine Shillings; and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or Idler Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of French Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass,. which shall

be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings and one Penny; and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of other French Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flatbed or

otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German

Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of nineteen Shillings and ten Pence; and so in

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of French Bottles (not being Phials) which shall contain more or left than a

Quart, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings and one Halfpenny; and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight ofrlate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures, not otherwise particularly

enumerated or described, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of one Pound and eight Shillings ;

and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; tie said several Duties upon Glass to be paid by the

Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Duties to be paid by the Importer.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

meot of the

Commissioners

of Excise inEng-

landandScoiland

tvspectiveljr.

Duties to be car-

ried to the Con-

solidated Fund.

Fiom May so,

X787, the fol-

lowing Draw-

backs to be psfd

s» the Export a-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as

shall arise in England\ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the

Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioneis

of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Duties hereby granted shall be

carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, created by an Act made in this SdHon

of Parliament (intituled, An rfftfor repealing several Duties of Cujioms and Excise\ and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties competing the Publick Revenue;

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the

European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom 5 and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, r/-

maining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reau£tion of the National Debt); and*

shall be issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties which constitute the said Fund are di-

rested to be issued and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of Mey

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall be paid the following Drawbacks Tor, and upon

all Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Pails; that

is to say,

ti*a of GUIs aide U Gscst Btkain, tis,

For

