The TITLES of

76. An A it for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Ro,d leading from the Town of Nottingham to the

Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham.

77. An A dl for continuing and amending an Act of the

twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, io far as the fame

relates to the Ronds from The Hand and Post at the Top

of Uurferd Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on

the IPold, and from thence to Paddle Brook •, and from

The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford,

to The Hand and Post in the PariQl of Withington, in the

County of Gloucester.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the first Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip

Hill, and from the Foot of ihejaid Hill to the Top of Crick-

Icy Hill.

79. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the

Shire of Herw.ck, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of

Roxburgh, to T he March-burn.

80. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the

Powers, of an Act of the second Year of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping’s Cross, in the

County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill,

in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of

Sussex ; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike

Gate at Lamberhurst Pound afore said, through East Lane,

and by Hope Mill, to the Turnpike Road at Clay Hill, in

the rarish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent,

S[. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the

Powers, of an Act of the eighth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the

Read leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through

Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chip-

ping Wycombe, Agmondelham, and Cheynes, in the

County of Bucks, and Rickmansworth; Watford, and Saint

Albans, to Hatfteld, in the County of Hertford ; and also

the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over

Great Marlow Bridge, through Byiham, to or near the

Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from

Maidenhead to Reading.

8z. An Act for continuing and amending three Acts, of the

thirteenth Year of King George the First, the twenty-first

Year of his late Majesty, ancf the twelfth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Roads from a

Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kings-.

wbford, and to the further End of Britt el Lane, within

the Counties of Stafford and JVorcefcr\ and for making

and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether

Ttindie aforesaid, to Tipton Green, in the said Counties.

83. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers, of several Acts, made in the twenty-sixth and

twenty-feveilth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, and the sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading

from Glasgovu to Redburn Bridge; and for altering the

Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and

for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Wa-

ter, and from thence to or near Loanhead, in the County

of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from

Falkirk to Kilfyth•

84. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An API for amending the Road from the Pinfold in

Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County

{/"Nottingham.

the STATUTES.

85. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth

Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from

Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to

Shreyhiil, in the County of Salop; and for repairing several

other Pv.oads in the said County.

86. An Act for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers of an Act*

. passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley,

by Molfcroft, to Kendal House, and from Molfcroft to Bain-

ton Balk, in the County of York.

87. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the Third, for repairing and widening the

Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to

YoXoll Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hat-

ton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties Derby and Staf-

ford.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

palTea in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening

the Road from Hign Bridges in the County of Stafford to

Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from

Tewnall’s Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, (o

far as the fame relates to the two Districts of Road therein

described.

89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayion Bridge,

and the New Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnf-

path, to Dunglass Bridge, and also the Roads leading from

Billie causeway and 1Pt eflon Bridge, to join the said Road

at or near Cockburvfpath Tower, in the County of Ber-

wick.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and zuidening the Road from Muckley

Corner to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook

and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads in the County of

, Stafford, so far as the fame relates to the two first Distridts

of Road therein comprized.

91. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Adl.of the sixth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading

from High Bullen in Wednesbury, io the further End of

Darlafton Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through

Bilfton, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and fraeral

other Roads leading to and from Bilfton, in the County of

Stafford.

92. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts,

passed in the twelfth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Seconder repairing

the Road between Stamford tfWGrantham, in the County of

Lincoln.

93. An Act for amending and widening the Roads from (he

City of Chester to the Woodfide Ferry, in the Township

of Birkenhead, in the County of Che/ler; and from the

said City to the Assembly House in Parkgate, in the

Township of Great Ncston, in the said County; and from

Great Neflon aforesaid, to the said Woodfule Ferry; and

from the Road leading from the City of Chrfler to Pat li-

gate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the"fame City to

the said Woodfide Feriy.

g^. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the*

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing ana amending

the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish

of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through the

borough

