•

354 C. 26. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

1 t

I

recited, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the fame, according to the Regulations and in

the Manner herein after prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to fix such particular

Distri#s as shall appear to them moil proper and convenient, for the Purpose of (arming out the said Duties

separately in each Distri# to the bed Advantage.

III. And be it further enacted, That one Month’s Notice at the lead shall be given by the Lord High

Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,~or any three of them, or the Commissioners for managing

the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, authorised by them as aforesaid, in the London

Gazette, of the Time and Place of letting the said Rates and Duties, specifying the Distri#s within which it

is intended to let to Farm the said Duties, and the Sum at which it i9.proposed to put up the fame, and also

the Place or Office into which Propolals for farming the fame shall be* delivered.

IV. And it is hereby further enabled, 7'hat no such Propolals shall be'proceeded on, unless the fame are so

delivered in at lead three Days previous to die Day so appointed in the Gazette, signed with the Names of

the Parties, dating the Places of their Abode who intend to become Bidders, and specifying the Distri# foe

which they intend to bid.

and may fix fe-

p*rate Districts

for farming

them.

On*. Month’i

Notice to be

given in the

Gazette of the

Time and Place

of Jetting the

Duties.

No PropofJ* for

farming the Du-

ties to be p" -

cret’ed on unless

driivered three

Days previous to the Day appointed, &c.

Mode of Pro-

cedure in pur-

ling tip the said

Duties, &c.

Clause to be in*

lerted in Con-

trails that they

{ball be void on

any Resolution

of the Com-

mons.

If the Duties of

any Distri&

fl.<*uld not be let

- at the Time

fixed by Adver-

tiCement, a fu-

ture Day may be

appointed for

that Purpose.

Deputations to

be given to the

Per.inns con-

tra £1irg to farm

the Duties, ap-

pointing them

Collectors there-

of*

Peefont farming

thf Duties may

vary the Mode

of keeping AC-

. counts under the

V. And be it further enacted. That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, authorised as aforesaid, shall let the said Rates and Duties arising within

any such Distri# as aforesaid, for any Term not exceeding three Years, and the fame shall respectively be put

up at a Rent not less than the gross Amount which they shall appear to have produced within the Year ending

on the first Day of Aug-t/l one thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix; and that the Bidding for the fame shall

be conduced under such Regulations as shall be established for the Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or

the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three of them, or by the Commissioners for

managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, duly authorised as aforesaid; and the

Person who shall be the highest Bidder shall be the Farmer or Renter of the said Rates and Duties, or such

Part thereof as shall be then put up to let, for the said Term of three Years, or such other ihorter Term as

may be determined on, and as shall be inserted in the Gaxette, and shall forthwith execute a Contrail, to be

prepared in pursuance of this Act, and give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with

three or more fu/ficient Sureties, for Payment to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the Money or

yearly Rent so contracted for; the said Rent to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Ma-

jesty’s Stamp Duties, at the Head Office of Stamps, in equal Portions, by eight several Payments in the

Year; that is to say. On the fifteenth of September, the first of November, the sixteenth of December, the first

of February, the sixteenth of March, the first of May, the sixteenth of June, and the first of August, in every

Yrear, unless any of the said Days shall be on a Sunday, and then the next Day thereafter; the rim Payment

thereof to commence and be made on executing the said Contract, and so continue to be made on every

succeeding Day of Payment in each Year, during the Continuance of the Contract, and before the Expiration

of the Term for which the said Rates and Duties shall have been so let to Farm,

VJ. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Contract which shall be entered into in pursuance

of this A#, there shall be inserted a Clause, declaring that the fame shall be made void on any Resolution made

by the House of Commons for that Purpose, upon six Months Notice being given by the Lord High Trea-

surer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to any Person entering into such

Contract.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That in case any of the said Distr i#s so fixed on, shall not be let to Farm

at the Time fixed by such Advertisement, for want of Offers to farm the fame in the Manner herein-before

provided, the Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three of

them, or the Commissioners of Stamps (authorised as aforesaid), may fix such future Day or Days as they

shall judge most proper for letting such Distrids respectively, in the Manner and upon the Notice herein-

before provided.

VIII. And be it further ehafled. That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury, or any three of them, or the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parch-

ment, and Paper, authorised as aforesaid, upon any Contract being entered into, and Bond given as aforesaid,

shall, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver to the Person or Persons farming such Rates and

Duties, and executing such Contract, a Deputation, Commission, or Authority, Under the Hands and Seals

of three or more of them, appointing such Persons to be the Collectors of the said Rates and Duties so let to

him or them respe#ively as aforesaid, and authorising such Person so farming the said Rates and Duties to take

Securities by Bonds from the Persons licensed, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with

such Conditions respe#ively as are required by the said recited A#, and to do, perform, and execute all

and every the Powers, A#s, Matters, and Things, touching the collecting, managing, or accounting for

the said Rates and Duties so farmed to him or them respe#ively, within and for his or their Distri#, Divi-

fion, or Collection, as fully and este#ually as the Colle#or or Colle#ors, or other Person or Persons

appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, under

the said recited A#, are impowered and authorised to do.

IX. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so farming

the said Rates and Duties, with the Consent of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to vary the Mode of keeping the weekly Account, directed, by the herein-

before

