5-/8

Corn Faftcri in

London, and

Inspectort of the

Prices of Corn

end Grain at

oil er Market#,

to include R«pe

Seed in their

weekly Ac-

count*, iVc.

Rape Seed may

he imported

from Irthnd,

and lodged In

Warehousei,

,wiihcut P*y-

ir.ent of Duty,

under the like Re;

Millers, 4c.

buying Corn

for Sale, to

deliver to the

inspetfors an

Account of the

Quantities of

Corn received by

them during the

ihe Week, &c.

on Penalty of

Jol. j

ard to take the

following

Oi h,

on like Penalty

of iol.

No Debenture

for a Bounty on

F.xporatio.o cf

any Corn, &c.

to be granted,

while foreign

Corn of the

fame Species i«

permitted to be i

Avenges to be

infer ted in the

Gaeette.

In the Re'urnt,

Coro and Grain

to be computed

by the Rulhel of

8 Gallons, and

57 lb. to be

deemed equal to

a Buftel.

Insepctors to

receive such

Allowances at

the Quarter

Sessiont shall

direct*

C. 58. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1789.

4 XIX. And whereas the Duty payable upon Rape Seed imported from Ireland is regulated by the

4 Price, to be ascertained in the same Manner as the Prices of Corn and other Grain are by Law directctl

4 to be ascertained be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Corn Faaors,or Seilers

of Corn, in the Port of the City of London, and all Inspectors of the Prices of Corn and Grain at

other Markets, shall and they are hereby required and directed to include and return the Quantities and

Prices of British Rape Seed fold and bought at such respe£live Markets, in their weekly Accounts, to the

Receiver of Corn Returns in London, vvno shall thereupon compute the Average Price of such Rape Seed

at the Port of London, and within the several Distridts herein-before mentioned, and transmit Accounts of

the fame at the Periods and Times herein-before diic&cd for the transmitting of the Returns of Corn and

other Grain to the respective Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs, for the Purposes afore-

said ; and also that it tbali and may be lawful to import, enter, and land such Rape Seed from Ireland, and

to lodge and secure the fame in Warehouses, witnout Payment of Duty, under the joint Locks of the

King and the Importer, and under such and the like Regulations, Provisions, and Reftri£tion$, as Corn or

other Grain is permitted to be so imported and landed.

guDtions as Corn may be.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appointment of Inspectors of the Prices of

Corn and Grain, as before mentioned, all Millers, Fadtors, Merchants, Clerks, Agents, and other Persons,

beii g Buyers ot Corn for Sale, shall, and they are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, upon

Demand, to the said lnfpcdicr of the Prices of Corn and Grain for the Town whereat they shall respec-

tively buy any Corn or Grain, an Account in Writing, signed with their own Name, of the Quantities so

by them received during the Week, with the Prices thereof, and by what Measure or Weight the fame was

bought; in default whereof every such Miller, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person, being a

Buyer of Corn for Sale, shall, for every such Offence, foilcit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and the

several Returns so to be made by virtue hereof shall be allowed and received in evidence in all Courts

whatsoever.

XXL And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Fadlor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person,

being a Buyer of Corn for Sale, shall, within three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, or

within one Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal in Corn and Grain, at any of the Markets

to which the Regulations of this Act are meant to extend, take and subscribe the following Oath (or, being

one of the People called Quakers, affirm) ; videlicet,

44 T A\ B. do swear [or affirm], That the Returns of the Prices and Quantities of British Corn and Grain,

44 which henceforward shall he by me bought, shall, to the bed ot my Knowledge and Belief, be true

44 and just, and, to the belt of my Judgment, conformable to the Directions of an Act, passed in the

44 twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for better

44 regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation cf Corn and Grain; and a (Jo for better regxlat*

44 ing the Exportation of St it ch, and the importation of Rape Seed

Which Oath or Affirmation any Just ice or Justices of the Peace for the respective County or Counties,

within the above described Diltricts, is and are hereby authorised and required to administer*, and every

Oath or Affirmation so taken shall be returned to, and hied by the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City,

Town, or Place rclpectively ; and in case any Person shall buy Corn for Sale, without taking the said Oath,

agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of ten Pounds.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That no Debenture shall

be made out or granted, for the Allowance of any Bounty on any Com, Grain, or Flour, entered or

shipped for Exportation from any Port within any of the said Distritts herein before mentioned, during the

Time that foreign Corn or Grain of the fame Species shall be allowed to be imported into such DitfriS

at the Low Duties, agreeable to the Regulations of this A&any Thing in this or any other Act to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

1 ported at the Low Duties in the fame Distritt.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That the several Averages so computed as aforesaid, for the said

several Periods, for each District, shall be published by the said Receiver of Corn Returns in the

London Gazette four several Weeks immediately succeeding the respective Periods of computing such

Average.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the more easily and effectually carrying of this Act into

execution, the Insepctors of the Prices of Corn and Grain, to be appointed by virtue hereof, shall, in all

Returns to be by them made, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, compute the Quantities of Com

and Grain by the Bushel of eight Gallons, commonly called or known by the Name oF The WtnchtjleT

Bufioel; and in all Cafes where Wheat shall have been sold by Weight, nfty-seven Pounds Weight shall

be deemed equal to one Bushel of such Winchester Measure.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Inspedfors of the Prices

of Com and Grain to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to, and shall receive such Sum

and Sums of Money for their Care and Trouble therein, as the Justices of the Peace for the respective

Counties before mentioned, in Quarter Sessions assembled, shall respectively order and direct, out of the

publick Rates for each County, Riding, or Division, in Manner prescribed oy an Act, padfed in die tenth

