406

n Penalty of

5 1. per Ounce,

nd Forfc;lure

oi (he Metal.

No bate Metal

to be mixed with

13 old or Silver*

Penalty of 51.

jper Ounce,

And Forfeiture

at the Metal.

Forfeitures,

Half to the

King and Half

to the Informer.

Petfons sued

may plead the

General lilue,

and recover

Treble Costs.

Limitation of

iUtioas,

Publick AG.

C. 7. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii IIL A.D. 1788.

any Copper, Brass, or other Metal, which shall be silvered and drawn into Wire, or flatted into Plate, or

made into Bullion, Spangles, or Purl, or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manu-

facturing of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver

Lace Manufadtory, or in Imitation of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons,

made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or of any of the Materials used or to be used in the making

or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, and which shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater Pro-

portion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver upon or to the Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Copper,

Brass, or other Metal, upon Pain that each and every Person offending therein, shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of five Pounds for one Ounce, or any Quantity less than one Ounce, and the further Sum of five

Pounds per Ounce for each and every Quantity exceeding one Ounce, which shall hold more, or bear a

higher or greater Proportion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver«upon or to the Pound Weight Avoirdu-

pois of such Copper, Brals, or other Metail, or tliail be fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as

aforesaid; and for Default of paying down the Penalty upon Conviction, shall be committed, by the Court

in which Judgment shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction of the County, City, Liberty, or

Place, where such Person or Persons shall he so convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard Labour for

any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor less than three Months, or until Payment be made

of the said Penalty; and also upon Pain that all such Copper, Brass, or other Metal, which (nail hold more,

or bear a higher or greater Proportion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver upon or to the Pound Weight

Avoirdupois of such Copper, Brass, or other Metal, or be fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported,

as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof.to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the

other Moiety thereof to such Per son or Persons as shall fuc for the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this A3,

no Cop pec, Brass, or other Metal inferior to Silver, whether the fame be gilt, or silvered, or stained, or

coloured, or otherwise, shall be worked up or mixed with Gold or Silver, in any Manufacture of Lace,

Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory;

and that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or cxpole to Sale, or export, any Copper,

Brass, or other Metal inferior to Silver, whether the fame be gilt, or silvered, or itained, or coloured, or

otherwise, which shall be worked up or mixed with Gold or Silver, in any Manufacture of Lace, Fringe,

Cord, Embroidery, 'Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, upon

Pain that each and every Person offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for one

Ounce, or any Quantity less than one Ounce, and the further Sum of five Pounds per Ounce for each and

every Quantity exceeding one Ounce of such Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or

Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or fold,

or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as aforesaid; and for Default of paying down the Penalty upon

Conviction, shall be committed, by the Court in which Judgment shall be given thereon, to the House of

Correction for the County, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall be convicted,

there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor left

than three Months, or until Payment be made of the said Penalty; and also upon Pain that all such Lace,

Fringe, Cord^ Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or fold,

or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to the King's

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall sue forth®

fame.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and pecuniary Penalties

hereby imposed shall be divided and diffributed in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof

shall belong to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods

of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or lue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at tVejJminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eiloin, Protection,

Privilege,- or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or

prosecuted for what he or they shall do in the Execution of this Act, he or they may plead the General Iffee,

and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-

suit, or shall discontinuc his or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or De-

fendants, then such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which there shall be the like

Remedy as in other Cafes where Costs are allowed to Defendants.

VII. Provided always, That every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be had, brought, sued, com-

menced, or exhibited for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, for or by reason of any Offence committed

against this Act, shall be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, within six Calendar Months next

after the Offence committed, or after the Discovery thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP.

