A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georg 11 III. C. 37.

Sheets, which you receive herewith (or otherwise; provided always, that the said Copies be in the Form

of the original Enrolment).

And you are to tr.ke care to be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of blank Forms of En-

rolmentson Tingle Half Sheets ; and if at any Time you {hall have but few such blank Forms left, or if the

Register in your Custody shall be materially damaged, or if such Register be nearly filled with Enrolments,

then and in any such Cafe you are to apply to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being to provide you

with more blank Forms, or with a new Register (as the Cafe may require).

And you are carefully t® preserve the said Register, and the fame (together with this Charge) is to be

safely delivered to your ouccellor in Office-

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer Skin*

Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins

drtfiid in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for

laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, ltained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing

Deer and other Skins the Produce of Florida to be sold by Audtion, free from the

Duty charged on such Sales; for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of

Excise ; and to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers

thereof, who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale.

* \\J HERE A S, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty preamble.

* VV (intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Ctt/hms and Excise, and granting other Duties »7Gco. 3.C. rj#

4 in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties cofnpofwg the Publick Revenue; recited,

, * for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, /Fares, and Alerchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of

4 the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies,

4 remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt),

4 certain Duties of Customs arc imposed for and in respect of Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer

4 Skins Indian half-drefied, and Elk Skins undressed, imported into this Kingdom, and certain Drawbacks

4 of Customs are granted upon the Exportation thereof; and certain Duties of Excise'are also by the said Act

4 imposed for and in respect of Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins drafted in Oil in

4 Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawbacks of Customs, and also

4 the said Duties of Excise, and to impose other Duties, and grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereofbe

it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the and from July

Authority of the same, T hat, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and j788, the Du-

eighty-eight, the said Duties and Drawbacks of Customs, and also the said Duties of Excise, shall cease tic* thereby im-

and determine, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which Pof d*

may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures,.

relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any 'l ime before or on the said fifth Day of July one skin* undnffed,.

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight. # &c. to cease;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of and in ii«uofth«

July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties of Customs- repealed Duties

and Excise relpeffively, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Curtom*, th*

Successors, for and upon ail Buck or Deer Skins undressed. Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-drefied, and Elk j°f10

Skins undressed, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the following Duties of Customs; that is to say,t

For every Buck or Deer Skin undressed, and for every Buck or DeerSkin Indian half-drefied, which For every Fuck

shall be imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of two Pence : Skin undreflVd,

or Indian half-dreflfed, impoited, » d. j

For every Elk Skip, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of Four-pence; the «nd for every

feid Duties of Customs to be paid or secured by the Importers of such Skins respectively before the Landing* Elk Skin, *d’S-

thereof :

And that there shall be also paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Hides And in lieu of

and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be drefied in Oil in Great Britainr the repealed Du.

to be paid by the Oil Leather Dressers thereof reljedively, the following Duties of Excise; that is to-

be levied on

' Sk'ns drtfled in Qil j.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins, which shall be drefied in Oil

in Greeet Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or le»s Quantity, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which fftall be drefied in Oil in

Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, three Pence :

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois or all other Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and

Skins, which shall be drilled in Oil in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity,

{jjl Pence.

28 Geo. ILL 3 N III. And

Far fvrry lb. of

Burk. Ac. is.

For every lb. of

Sheep or Lamb

Skins, 3 d $ andt

for evej-y lb. of

ail other Skins,.

6 a.

