45°

ind the Piovifi-

oni and I rnsl

tie? to rx t td to

the Makers of

Bali Scap.

*4 Geo. 3-c 4$.

ratings of hird

Soao removing

m removed fr>m

one Place 10 an-

other, may be

fezed, and the

Maker to for-

feit tool.

jo Geo 3. c.44.

TJnjuft Scales or

Weights i)fed in

weighing Stock,

may be seized

by any Officer

of the Excite.

33 Geo.* c.28.

C. 37. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

the Officer of Excise who surveyed such Trader, as (bon as the Fire was damped or drawn from under

the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, whenever any Soap, or any 'Filing of a soapy Quality, should be

4 left therein; which Paid Locks and Keys to the fame, and all ocher necessary Fafter.ings for (hearing the

4 Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, and also the Pipes, should be provided by the respeciive Surveyors or

4 Supervilbrs of Excise of the Division cr DistricI in which Inch respective Makers of hard Soap should re-

4 fide, at the Expence of Inch respective Makers; and whenever any such Maker of hard Soap should be

4 dvdirnus of lighting a Fire under such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, so locked and sealed down, and

4 should have given to the Officer of Excise of the Division or District twelve Hours Notice, if such Maker

4 of hard Soap should re fide within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the Head Office of Excise in London^ or

if such Maker of hard Soap should reside in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice

4 of such his, her, or their Intention, the Officer of Excise should attend to unlock and open the Copper,

4 Pan, or other Utensil, an 1 the Pipe or Pipes lb secured, under the Penalties in the said Act in that Behalf

provided: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Provisions of the said recited Clause, and the

4 Penalties therein contained, do extend to Makers of Ball Soap \ be it therefore declared and enacted by

the Au'hority aforesaid, That the Provisions of the said recited Clause, and the Penalties therein contained,

do extend, and the lame shall accordingly extend, to Makers of Ball Soap.

XIV. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

4 (intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties cn Starch and Soap), it is among other Things enacted,

4 That no Maker or Makers of hard Soap should fell any hard Soap but in the Shape or Form of Cakes cr

4 Bars, or what is commonly called or known by the Name of Ball Soap; and that all Scraps and Paring?

4 of hard Soap should be returned into the Copper or Bo.ler in the Presence of the Officer, immediately

4 after the Soap that had been put into the Frames from any one Boiling should have been cut up for Sale:

4 And whereas it has been found by Experience, that great Quantities of such Scraps and Parings, in ft cad

4 of being returned into the Copper or Boiler, as is directed by that Add, in the Pjefence of the Officer,

4 are sent out into Consumption, to the great Detriment of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader,

and it is difficult to prove the fame to be Scraps and Parings, by reason tint the Officers are not autho-

4 riled by Law to seize the fame, so as the fame may be produced on the Trial, and be proved to be Scra;>s

and Parings; and it is equally detrimental to the Revenue by whatever Means such Scraps and Parings

4 get out into Consumption :* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if ary

Scraps or Parings of hard Soap shall be fold or sent out by any Maker or Makers of hard Soap, or shall

be found removing or carrying, or removed or cariied from one Part of this Kingdom to another, by Land

or by Water, the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and Packages containing the fame,

and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maker or Makers of hard

Soap who shall lend out or sell the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

XV. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An

r Act for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from uf:ngfife Weights and Scales, and

4 for explaining and amending everal Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs), it is en-

4 acted. That if at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy,

4 any Trader subject to the Survey of any Officer of Excise, and required by the Laws concerning the

4 Duties under the Management of the Com mi (boners of Excise to keep sufficient and just Scales and

4 Weights, should in the weighing his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, make use of, or cause or procure or

4 suffer to be used, any false, unjuit, or inefficient Scales or Weights, to the Intent to defraud his Majesty

4 of the Duties by the said Laws respectively granted, that then and in every such Cafe the Party or Parties

4 offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence: And whereas it is difficult

4 to prove that such Scales or Weights are false, unjust, or inefficient, by reason that the fame are not for-

4 feited, nor the Officers of Excile authorised by Law to seize the fame; and it is therefore expedient to

4 forfeit the fame, and to authorise such Officers to seize the fame;* be it therefore enabted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Trader subjebl to the Survey of any Officer of Excise, and required by the Laws

concerning the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise to keep sufficient and just

Scales and Weights, shall, in the weighing his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, make use of, or cause or

procure or fuft'er to be used, any false, unjust, or insufficient Scales or Weights, to the Intent to defraud his

Majesty of the Duties by the said Laws respectively granted, such Scales and Weights respectively shall be

forteited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Rqign of his late Majesty King

4 George the Second (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the (irou'tb,

4 Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits

4 made from MoleJcs), it was amongst other Things enacted, That all Rum and Spirits of the Growth,

4 Produce, and Manufacture of the BritifJ) Sugar Plantations'll) America, which should be exported from this

4 Kingdom as Merchandize, should be Proof Spirits; and in order that the lame might be properly exj-

4 mined, and the Calks marked, when any Person or Persons should be desirous oi shipping any Quantity of

4 such Rum or Spirits, they were thereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Ev-

4 cile of the Division or*Place where such Rum or Spirits were intended to be shipped, five Days next before

4 such Rum or Spirits should be put on Shipboard, in which Notice should be expressed the Number of

Casks, and the Quantity of Rum or Spirits so intended to be shipped; and it should be lawful to and for

the Gaugers or other Officers of Excise, before the Delivery of such Rum and Spirits from such Ware-

4 houses, and at any Time afterwards,^ to mark all and every such Calks or other Package, in fuen Manner

c as the jrcspective Commissioners of Excise should dircdl, and to take a Sample or Samples, not cxecejing

4 one

