5°8

and if 25 Disrs,

11 Member!

may proceed.

Committee* in

.their Report! to

mention whe-

ther Petition*.

&c. appear to be

frivolou* or

vexation*.

Parties opposing

Petitions re-

ported vexatious

or frivolous.

and Petitioners

reported to have

been wexatioudy

or frivoloufly of-

posed, to be en-

titled to Costs

and Expences.

Where no Party

appears in Op-

yofition to any

such Petition,

the Coda and

Expences to be

paid by the Sit-

ting Members,

dec.

r

Hoyr such Costs

and Expences

are to be afeer-

laioed.

If Costs, &c. be

not paid on De-

msnd, they may

be recovered by

Action af Debt,

dec.

Judgment in

such Aftioos to

entitle the Party

to Costs*

C. 52.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788*

for Business twenty-five Days, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to Business, if a Number of

Members not less than eleven be present; and in such Cafe, the Committee shall not be dissolved by reason

of the Absence of the Members, unless thp Number of Members able to attend the fame shall, by Death

or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than elevfcn, and shall so continue for the Space of three Sitting

Days.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That every such Committee, at the fame Time that they report

to the House their final Determination on the Merits of the Petition which they were sworn to try,

shall also report to the House whether such Petition did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or

vexatious; and that they shall in like Manner report, with respect to evfery Party or Parties who shall

have appeared before them in Opposition to such Petition, whether the Opposition of such Party or Parties

respectively did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or vexatious ; and that if no Party shall have ap-

peared before them in Opposition to such Petition, they shall then report to the House whether such Election

or Return, or such alledged Omission of a Return, or such alledged Insufficiency of a Return, as shall be

complained of in such Petition* according as the Cafe shall be, did, or did not, appear to them to be vexatious

or corrupt.

XIX. And be it enacted. That whenever any fqch Committee shall report to the House, with refined to

any such Petition, that the fame appeared to them to be frivolous or vexatious, the Party or Parties, if‘any,

who shall have appeared before the Committee in Opposition to such Petition, shall be entitled to recover,

from the Person or Persons, or any of them, who shall have signed such Petition, the full Costs and Expences

which such Party or Parties shall have incurred in opposing the fame; such Costs and Expences to be af-

certained in the Manner herein-after directed.

XX. And be it also enacted, That whenever any such Committee shall repprt to the House, with respect

to the Oppofitiofi made to such Petition by any Party or Parties who shall have appeared before them, that

such Opposition appeared to them to be frivolous or vexatious, the Person or Persons who shall have signed

such Petition shall be entitled to recover from such Party or Parties, or any of them, with respect to whom

such Report shall be made, the full Costs and Expences which such Petitioner or Petitioners shall respectively

have incurred in prosecuting their said Petition; such Costs and Expences to be afeertairied in the Manner

herein-after directed.

XXI. And be it also enacted, That whenever, in any Cafe where no Party shall have appeared before

such Committee in Opposition to such Petition, such Committee shall report to the House, with respect to the

Election or Return, or to the alledged Omission of a Return, or to the alledged Insufficiency of a Return,

complained of in any such Petition, that the fame appeared to them to be vexatious or corrupt, ther Person or

Persons who shall have signed such Petition, shall be entitled to recover from the Sitting Member or Sitting

Members f if any) whose Election or Return shall be complained of in such Petition, such Sitting Member

or Sitting Members not having given Notice as aforesaid of his or their Intention not to defend theiame, or

from any other Person or Persons whom the House shall have admitted or directed to be made a Party or Par-

ties to oppose such Petition, the full Costs and Expences which such Petitioner or Petitioners shall have in-

curred in prosecuting their said Petition; such Costs and Expences to be ascertained K the Manner herein-

after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted. That in the several Cafes herein-before mentioned, the Costs and Expences

of prosecuting or opposing any such Petition shall be ascertained in Manner following; (that is to say,) That

on Application made to the Speaker of the House of Commons, by any such Petitioner or Petitioners, or

Party or Parties, as before mentioned, for ascertaining such Costs and Expences, he shall direct the fame to be

taxed by two Persons, of whom the Clerk or Clerk Assistance of the House shall always be one, and one of the

following Officers, not being a Member of the House* shall be the other; (that is to say,) Matters in the High

Court of Chancery, Clerks in the Court of King’S Bench, Prothonotaries in the Court of Common Pleas,

and Clerks in the Court of Exchequer; and the Persons so authorised and directed to tax such Costs and

Expences shall, and they are hereby required to examine the fame, and to report the Amount thereof to the

Speaker of the said House; who shall, on Application made to him, deliver to the Party or Parties a Certi-

ficate signed by hitnfelf, expressing^ the. Amount of the Costs and Expences allowed ip such Report; and the

Persons so appointed to tax such Costs, and report the Amount thereof, are hereby authorised to demand and

receive, for such Taxation and Report, such Fees as shall be, from Time to Time, fixed by any Resolution

of the House.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be*lawful for the Party or Parties entitled to such Costs

and Expences, or for his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, to demand the whole Amount thereof,

so certified as above, from any one or more of the Persons respectively, who are herein-before made liable to

the Payment thereof, in the several Cafes herein-before mentioned; and, in case of Nonpayment thereof,

to recover the fame by Adiori of Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJhninJter; in which

Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant or. Defendants is or arc

indebted to him or them (in the Sum to which the Costs and Expences, ascertained in Manner aforesaid,

shall amount) by virtue of this Act ^ and the Certificate of the Speaker of the House of Commons, under his

Signature, of the Amount of such Costs and Expences, together with an examined Copy of the Entries in

the Journals of the House of 'Commons, of the Resolution or Resolutions of the said Select Committee or

Committees, shall be deemed full and sufficient Evidence in support of such Action of Debt : *Provided

always. That in every such Action of Debt, no Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed 5 and the Party or Parties in whose Favour Judgment shall be given in any such Action, (haHrecover

his or their Costs.

6 XXIV. And

