47 8

Per font counter*

feiting Orders,

&c. to suffer

Death.

Preamble.

2i Geo. j.c, 82.

retired.

His Majesty may

grant an Annui-

ty or 1000 1. to

the Duke of St.

Albans, from

Feb. 16, 1787,

to 0£t. 10,1803.

Grant under this

Act not to re-

train his Ma.

jesty from giving

any other Pen-

Cons.

C. 41—43. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

XI. And it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid* That if any Person or Persons shall forge or

counterfeit any Order, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, before the fame shall have

been paid oft and cancelled, or any Order to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any

Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such rorged or counterfeit Order,

with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Person or Perions to be appointed to pay

off the fame, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or any of them, then every such Person or Perions to offending,

being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall luiter Death as in Cafes of felony,

without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Mod Noble Aubrey

Duke of Saint Albans.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7 HERE AS your Majesty, by your most gracious MeiTage to your faithful Commons, has

4 V V been pleated to acquaint them, That it having been represent.d to your Majesty that in the Reign

4 of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a Pension of one thousand Pounds per Annum w?as,granted, payable out

4 of the Civil List, to the then Duke of Saint Albans, in consideration of the Lease of certain Duties on

4 Logwood, which had been granted by King CJsar'es the Second to the Ancestors of the said Duke, and

4 which had afterwards been directed to be gianted for a further 'Term of Years not yet expired, but w\hich

4 last-mentioned Grant was never perfected ; and that the like Pension has, from Time to Time, been

4 continued to the several Persons who inherited the said T itle of Duke of Saint A.bans, previous to the

4 Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, and signifying ycur Majesty’s Desire of granting an

4 Annuity of the like Amount to the prefect Duke : And whereas by an Ac!, made in the twenty-second

4 Year of your Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon

4 his Civil L f I Revenues ; and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the

4 Mode of Payments out of the Jdid Revenues, and by JupprcjJing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned,

4 which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lijl,) it is, among other Things, enacted. That, from

4 and after the fifth Day of April one thousand (even hundred and eighty-three, no Pension exceeding the

4 Sum of three hundred Pounds a Year shall be granted to or for the Use of any one Person, except as in the

4 said Act is mentioned:’ Now we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great

Britain in Parliament a (fern bled, duly considering your Majesty’s most gracious Intention, do most humbly

beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 1 hat it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty

to give and grant to the most noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, an Annuity or yearly Sum, not exceeding

one thousand Pounds, to commence and be payable from the sixteenth Day of February one thousand seven

hundred and eighty seven, and to determine on the tenth Day of October, which will be in the Year one

thousand eight hundred and three; to be paid and payable out of any of the hereditary or temporary Revenues

usually applied for the Expences of the Civil Government; any T hing in the said recited Act contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

If. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Grant, which

shall be nude by his Majesty under the Authority of this Act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

restrain his Majesty from making any other Grant of a Pension which he may now lawfully do under thePro-

visions of the said recited Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the.Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton,

IVfe of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Mofl Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and

Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by

him to his Majesty and this Country.

44 [The Annuity to be payable during the Lives of Lady Dorcheffler, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton,

44 and the Survivor.”]

CAP. XLIIL

An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Aid to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson Efyuire,

late Commifjary General in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in tket

Office.

