412

G. 20. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Time during the Voyage have become necessary for the said Ship’s Crew to take on board for the Sole life

of the said Crew.

If »ny Thing V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Thing shall be done by the

and*the Recited Ship or Vefiel, licensed as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Owners, Matter or Crew thereof, in any Way

Act bcVone Uy respecting the Rights and Privileges of the said United Company, contrary to the true Intent and Aleaning

any licensed of this and the said former Act, the Owner or Owners of the said bnip or Vcifel shall not afterwards be

Ship, it shall intitled to require, nor shall the said United Company be obiig *d to grant or g:vc to them, or any of them,

not be inutied any future Licence for the fame, or for any other Ship or Yeiiel to proceed within the Limits of the said

Licence“tU“ Company’s exclusive Trade.

Governor of St. VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vefiel, to be licensed by the said United Com-

Heleoa,&c. tnay pany as aforesaid, {hall touch at the Bland of Saint Helena, or {hall be found within the Limits before dc-

search heented l'eribtd, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Saint Helena, the Commander of any Ship

pr Vefiel belonging to, or in the Service of the said Company, or any Person authorised or deputed by them

respectively, or to and for any Agent, specially authorised or deputed for that Purpose by the said Com-

pany, and refilling at any Place within the Limits before described, to search and examine such supposed Ship

or Vefiel, to fee if any Goods or Merchandizes {hall he on board her, contrary to the Provisions of the

bl found* the * Act twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and of this Act ; and in case any such

(hill be for fen- Goods or Merchandizes shall be found in or on board or such Ship or Veflil, on such Search or Examina-

cd, &c. tion, the fame shall be forfeited to the said United Company, and the Owner or Owners, and Matter of

the said Ship or Veflil, {hall be liable to all other Penalties and Forfeitures fur trading contrary to the said

Company’s Charteis ; and it (ha1! and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, and the Persons

aforesaid, on the Behalf and for the Use of the said Company, to ltize and take away such Goods and

Merchandizes to and for the Use of the said United Company, and to fend them home to the said United

Company, or to sell and dispose thereof to the Use of the said Company, as they {hall think fit.

forthr Pur tfc ^H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

ofrdoubr»ng^The Ships or Vettcls, which {ball be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for the Purpose of doubling the Cape

Cape of Good of Good Hope or Cape Horq, or passing through the Streights cf Magellan, not being of Ids than two hun~

Hope, &c. may dred Tons Burthen, to be properly iurimhed with Arms and Ammunition for Kefiftance and Defence,

be furmlh-d , provided the Owner or Owners of such Ships or Vefills, before clearing out, {hall obtain a Licence from

^obuinTng a °# Hord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Licence from the Admiral for the l ime being, authoriiing the lame.

Admiralty, # , 1

and the Admt- VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Greet

ralty may grant Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, is and

Licence* to such are hereby authorised and impowered to grant such Licence for arming, in such Cafes as to him or them {hall

Sh»ps on the seem fa and pFOper; provided that there {hall have been exhibited to him or them a Certificate, under the

uj°menboned,rC" Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs (which Certificate they are hereby autho-

riied and required to give), testifying that such Snip or Vefiel is entered out for the Purpose of doubling

the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing tnrough the Streights of Magellan \ and provided also, that

the Owner or Owners of feich Ship or Vciiel shall have entered into a Bond, with two sufficient Sureties,

in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, with Condition that such Arms or Ammunition shall not be used for

any unlawful Purpose, but merely for Refinance and Defence in Cafes of involuntary Hostiiity.

No Ship intulcd IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vefiel whatever shall be

t® more than one intitled, within or during the Periods of Time relpccttvely limited by this Act for such Ship or Vefiel to

additional Prc- faji on anc| to return from such Voyage, to more than one of the additional Premiums hereby granted, al-

2JcUftouid°make though such Ship or Vefiel {hall make two Voyages within any one of the Periods aforesaid.

two Voyages in the Time limited by this Act for one.

No Premium to

be allowed any

Vefld which

shall clear out

after April 1

1733, un'ers it

be certified that

she was visited

cn clearing out,

&c.

nor unless (he be

duly jrg.ilcted.

Pffnr.;uTJ?erant-

ed by ibis A ft to

be p2id Jr-ce-

ab.e >0 the flulcs

of the ucucd

Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium whatever, granted by the

said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or by this Act, shall be paid and

allowed to the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel which shall clear out after the fifteenth Day of

April, in the present Year one thousand fevsn hundred and eighty-right, on the said Fishery, unleis it shall

appear by Certificates from.the proper Officers of the Culloms, that such Ship or Vefiel was visited, and

the Crew by them respectively muttered, as well before the clearing out of such Ship or Vefiel for the {aid

Fishery, as on her Return to any Port in Great Britain\ any Law, Custom, or Usage to die contrary

notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vefiel which, after the fif-

teenth Day of April one thousand {even hundred and eighty-eight, shall be fitted or cleared out for the said

Fishery, shall be intitled to any of the Premiums, granted either by the said Act passed in the twenty-

sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, ot* by this present Act, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have

been duly registered, pursuant to the Terms and Directions of an Act passed in the twenty-fixtih Year

of his iYh’jcity’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the further Incrccfe ard Encouragement (f Shipping crJ

Navigation)*

XII. AnJ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional Premiums granted

by t.iis Act Ilia 11 be paid by Inch and the like Person, and in such and the like Manner, and under such anj

the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Keltrictions, as is and are directed and prefenbed in and by

3 the

