8o

/wencan To-

bacco imported

prii r to J*n. i#

17^6, remaining

in the King’*

Waiehonle, to

pay 1 f. ad. and

79-Sothi of 1 d.

per lb Duty.

No Discount to

be allowed on

Payment of the

said Duty.

Duties to be ap-

piopriatrd as

hcietoiore*

Roll Tobacco for

Exportation*

containing any

Mixture of more

than ia lb. and

TwirtedTobacco

more than 12 lb.

per Curt, to be

forfeited*

Cot Tobacco for

Exportation*

containing more

than I* 5th Part

Stalk* forfeited*

How Dispute*

rrhtive to the

Mixture of To-

bacco, tec. are

to be determin-

ed.

Tobacco from

hit MajeOy’s

Cplomei in A»

merit*, or the

C. 52. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Months, he shall be abated upon such Bond or Bonds so much as the Discount, at the Rate of seven

Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, in proportion to the Time unexpired, shall be, and is hereby

repealed.

4 III. And whereas Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or of the

4 Growth of the United States of America, imported previous to the fir{l Day of January one thousand (even

4 hundred and eighty-six, is subject to the Payment of the Duty of fifteen Pence, and two hundred and

4 thirty-nine two hundred and fortieth Parts of a Penny, per Pound Weight, in case the Duties arc not paid

4 down in ready Money at the Time of the Entry of such Tobacco, but the fame are secured by Bond, and

the Importers thereof are intitled to a Discount after the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum,

1 on the Amount of certain of the said Duties for the Time unexpired in the Bonds given for Payment

4 thereof: And whereas it would be a great Hardship upon the Importers of such Tobacco, if they were

4 to pay such Duties be it therefore further enacted, That no Tobacco imported previous to the first Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and for which Bond shall have been given for securing

the Duties payable thereupon, and which is now remaining unfold in the Warehouse under the King’s

Locks, shall be lubjcft or liable to pay more than the Duty of one Shilling and two Pence, and seventy-nme

eightieth Parts of a Penny, for every round Weight of the fame, according to the Weights of fuchTooacco,

taken by the proper Officers of the Customs on landing of the fame at the Importation thereof.

IV. Provided always, That the Importer or Importers of such Tobacco, upon paying up the said Dufy of

one Shilling and two Pence, and seventy-nine eightieth Parts of a Penny, per Pound Weight, shall not be in-

titled to any Discount whatfeever.

V. Provided also. T hat nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter in any

Respect the Manner of appropriating the Duties upon such Tobacco; and that the present Du As of one

Shilling and two Pence, and seventy-nine eightieth Parts of a Penny, per Pound Weight, shall be appropriated

in the same Manner, and to the fame Branches to which such Duties were applicable before the making of

this Act.

VI. And whereas Tobacco, after having undergone certain Kinds of Manufacture, becomes knofrn

4 by the respe*Stive Names of Carrot or Roll, Pigtail or Twisted Tobacco, and, from the Nature of the Ma-

4 nufacture, necessarily imbibes and retains a Quantity of Water or other Ingredients, whereby the Weight

4 becomes considerably increased, and the Revenue materially injured \ be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That if, upon the Examination by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, any

Carrot or Roll Tobacco, entered for Exportation, shall be found to contain of Water, or any Ingredients

other than Tobacco, more than twelve Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Weight, or if any Pigtail, or

Twisted Tobacco, entered as aforesaid, shall be found to contain of Water, or any Ingredients other dun

Tobacco, more than ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Weight, all such Tobacco shall be forfeited*

VII. And whereas there is a Species of manufactured Tobacco, known by the Name of Cut Tobacco,

4 which ought not to contain a greater Weight of Stalk in proportion to the Leaf than that of one Pound of

4 Stalk to four Pounds of Leaf, which, in the natural State of Tobacco, before it is so manufactured,

4 is the usual Proportion f be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the

Examination by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, any Cut Tobacco entered for Ex-

portation shall be found to contain of Stalk more than the said Proportion, all such Cut Tobacco shall be

forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Carrot or Roll Tobacco, or Pigtail

or Twisted Tobacco, shall be leized as containing more than the due Proportion of Water, or any Ingredients

other than Tobacco, or if any Cut Tobacco shall be seized as containing more than the due Proportion of

Stalk, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tobacco respectively, or his or their Agent, shall deny that

the Carrot or Roll Tobacco, or the Pigtail or Twisted Tobacco seized, do respectively contain more than

the due Proportion of Water, or any Ingredients other than Tobacco, or that the Cut Tobacco does con-

tain more than the due Proportion of Stalk, then, and in such Cafe, the Matter in Dispute shall be referred

to the Determination of two indifferent Persons, one of whom shall be named by the Officer or Officers who

shall have seized the fame, and the other by the said Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agent; and in

case the two Persons so nominated shall not agree, it shall and may be lawful for the said two Persons to no-

minate a third Person, who shall finally determine the Matter in Controversy: Provided always. That such

Reference shall be made within the Space of three Days from the Day of Seizure; and that if at the End

of the third Day the Referrees, nominated as aforesaid, shall not have decided, it shall and may be lawful

for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners

Of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or for the Collector and Comptroller

in any of the Out-ports, as the Cafe may be, to appoint an Arbitrator, who shall finally determine the Mat-

ter in Dispute.

4 IX. And whereas there is a Difference at this Timeexisting in the Monies payable upon the Importa-

4 fton of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Terri-

4 tories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America \ that is to (ay, Whe-

4 ther the Duties are paid down in ready Money, or whether they are secured by Bond: And whereas it is

4 expedient that such Difference should be abolished, and that the Monies to be paid in future shall,

in all Cafes, be in Amount the fame as the Duties which would be due and payable in case the Im-

4 porter or Proprietor had not secured the fame by Bond, but had paid down the Duties in ready Mo-

4 ney be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth L)ay of

June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Monies to be paid upon the Importation into Great

Britain, of Tobacco of the Growth of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in

America,

kaoooole

