A.D. 17S6. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C.8f; 179

wards from the said Port, been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit than

that of taking Fith, and salting or curing the fame, or salting or curing other fresh Kifli, lawfully purchased at

Sea; and that all the Fish brought into Port by the said Buss or Vessel were taken by the Crew belonging

thereto, or (in case of such Buss or Vessel not returning till after the Expiration of three Months) were

purchased of British Subjects; which Certificate, Licence, and Oath, together with an Account of the Fish

taken by the Laid Buss or Vefiel, shall be transmitted by the said Collector or Comptroller, in case the said

Buss or Vessel departed with such Licence from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called England,

to the Commissioners of the Customs for England; and in case such Buss or Vessel departed with such

Licence from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the Commissioners of the

Customs or Excise for Scotland; and such Commissioners respectively, being fully satisfied of the faithful

Dealing of the Mailer, and other Persons employed or concerned in such Buss or Vessel, with respect to such

Voyage and Fishing, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Owner or Owners, or to his of

their Assigns, by the Receiver-general of the Customs or Excise, as the Cafe shall happen, the Sum

of twenty Shillings per Ton, according to the Admeasurement of such Buss or Veil'd, duly certified as

aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Buss or Vessel which

shall return into Port from the said Fishery with a less Number of Men than such Buss or Vessel is hereby

required to have on board, as aforesaid, unless it shall be made appear that the said Reduction was occasioned

by Death, Sickness, or Desertion, without any Default, Fraud, or Collusion, on the Part of such Owner or

Owners, or which shall so return within the said Space of three Calendar Months, to be computed as afore-

said, without a full Cargo of Herrings, or, having such a full Cargo, unless the Whole thereof were ac-

tually caught and taken by the Master and Crew belonging to such Buss or Vessel, shall not be in titled to

any Bounty on the Tonnage of any such Buss or Vessel respectively; any Thing in this Act contained to

the contrary thereof notwiihstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs in England and Aw/aWrespectively, to order the said Bounty to be paid by the Receiver-gene-

ral or Cashier of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Buss or V eflel, in respect whereof

the fame shall be payable, shall have departed, as herein before directed, out of any Money in the Hands

of such Receiver-general or Cashier, arising from any Duties, Revenues, or Customs, under the Manage-

ment of such respective Commissioners; and if the Receiver-general, or Cashier of the Customs at Edin-

burgh shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the said Bounty, the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty/s Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith give the Person or Persons, intitled to

receive such Bounty, a Certificate thereof, directed to the Commissioners of the Excise for that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland; which Certificate being affixed to the said Licence, and other the Certificates

and Documents aforesaid, and being produced to the said Commissioners of Excise, they the said Commis-

sioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand, to cause the Money, so certified to be due, to be

paid by the Receiver-general or Cashier of the said Excise, out of any Money in his Hands arising from any

of the Duties and Revenue under the Management of such Commissioners; any Law, Usage, or Guftom

to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-seven, for and during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, for every Barrel of Herrings twice packed and completely cured, which

shall, during anyone Year, be landed from any Buss or Vessel, the Owner or Owners of which, in respect

thereof, shall beentided to the aforesaid Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton, under and by virtue of this A61,

there shall be paid a Bounty of four Shillings.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Number of Barrels of Herrings imported by

any such Buss or Vessel shall, in any one Year, exceed the Proportion of two Barrels and the Half of one

Barrel of Herrings packed and cured as aforesaid for every "I'on of the Burthen of such Buss or Vessel, then

and in such Cafe there shall be paid, for every Barrel so exceeding the said Proportion, a Bounty of one Shil-

ling only, and no more.

which Certifi-

cate, with the

Licence, See. art

to be tr*nfrnitted

t>» the Commis-

sioners, who art

to order the

Bounty to be

paid.

Vessels return-

ing with lefi

than the proper

Number of Men

or without a full

Carg 1 not to bt -

imitJed to

Bounty.

Bounties to b«

paid by the Re-

ceiver.general of-

theCuAomij&c*

For every Barrel

of Herring! twice

packed and com-

pletely cured,a

Bounjy of 41.

to be paid x

But if the Quan-

tity imported ex-

ceeds the Propor-

tion of two and

one half Barrel*

to a Ton, only

is. per Barrel above that Proportion.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual Prevention of Fraud, all Her-

rings, the Proprietor or Proprietors of which, in respect thereof, shall be intitled to, or claim the said

Bounties of four Shillings, and one Shilling, or vitner of them, shall be computed at the Time of their being

unshipped, while they are in the State in which they are usually denominated Sea Steeksy or Herrings not

repacked, and that four Barrels of Herrings in that State shall be considered as equivalent to three Barrels of

Herrings packed a second Time.

Quantity to be

computed while

in the State of

Sea SteeUi, 4

Barrels of which

are to be deerr.ed

equal to 3 of

Herrings twice packed.

4 XI. And whereas the said Bounties of four Shillings, and one Shilling, herein before granted, will

4 afford Encouragement to those Fisheries alone that are carried on either by decked Vessels fitted out under

4 such Regulations, and continuing at Sea for such Time as hereinbefore respectively mentioned and directed,

4 or by such open Boats as are employed on the fame Coasts with those V eflcls, and find in the Masters of

4 such Vessels rurchafeis of the Fish they take; ^nd inasmuch as it is reasonable and expedient that all in-

4 duftrious Fishermen engaged in the Herring Fdhery, should in so:nc Measure participate in all such En-

couragements as Parliament shall give to the said rifhery ;- be it therefore enacted, That for all Her-

rings which shall be landed from any Boat or Vessel, not intitled to the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per

A a 2 Ton,

To Boats, not

intitled Co the

Bunty of 10 a.

per Ton,a Boun*

ty of 1*. per Bar-

tel to be paid.

