igo

Tufliers to cause

Cnnviilif»n

rrnde on* in the

following Form.

C. 82. Anno vicclimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

feitures due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Offence or Offences committed

against any Act or Acts of Parliament now or hereafter to be* made touching any of the said Duties on

S:a i.ptd Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account

\vh ’.tlbcver ; and the said Monies so to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued

and applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Manner, and to such Purposes, as

the said Penalties and Forfeitures were paid or applied, or ought to have been paid or applied, before the

making of this Act, and to no other Ule, Intent, or Pur pole whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

in all Cales where any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence committed against tins, or any Act

or Acts of Parliament now or hereafter to be made, touching any the Duties under the Management or Care

of the said Corn mi Hi oners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be in-,

curred, ir shall and may be lawful lor the J 11ftice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Per-

fons shall be convicted of the said Offence, to cause the Conviction upon the fame Offence to be made out in

the Form, or to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Cafe shall happen to be ; any Thing in any

former Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithftinding; and every such Conviction shall be good and

effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without Rating the Cafe or the Fads or Evidence in any

more particular Manner ; that is to say:

rvm of Convic- K T)E it remembered. That on the Day of in the A\ B.

44 cf was duly convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

44 for the County of (or bdore ts C. D. and E. F. two of his Majesty’s Justices of the

44 Peace for the County of as the Qfe J,ball happen to be), in pursuance of an Act, passed

44 in the Year of the Reign of for that the said A. B. on the

44 Day of now lass pass, did (here ft ate the Offence against the Act, as the

44 Cafe shall happen to be), contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided ; and I (or

44 we, as the Cafe may be) do declare and adjudge that he the said A. B. hath forfeited, for his said Offence,

44 the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Sum of

“ I (or we, as the Cafe may be) do hereby mitigate to the Sum of (here state the mitU

44 gated Penalty, if necessary), to be distributed as the Law directs. This is the first, second, or other Offence

4< (as the Cafe jhail happen to be).

44 Given under my Hand and Seal (or, our Hands and Seals, as the Cafe may require), this

“ Day of

Conti£1 ions tot>e

filed determined by the Clerk

of the Peace, and

not removeable

by Certiorari,

but subject 10

Appeal to the

Quarter Sef-

iioa*.

From Aue. t,

1786, in Pr fe-

cut'ons where

Offenders may

be deemed guilty

of Ft lony, it

shall be sufficient

to prove the Evi-

dence acted un-

dt r the OommiC

sioners, without

producing his

Deputation.

^uro Proyifott of

*5 Geo. 3. c. 50.

recited, and re*

pealed at far at

relates to th*

Sf imt of Cya*

Which Conviction the said Juftkre shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place,

where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and there to remain and be

kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; and no such Convic-

tion shall be removed by Certiorari, into any Court whatsoever, but shall be subjedto Appeal before the Juf-

tices of the Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as in and by any such Act or Acts of Parliament is specially

directed.

4 VI. And whereas great Difficulties have frequently arisen upon the Trial of divers Informations, Indict-

4 ments, and other Prosecutions for Offences committed against his Majesty’s Revenue on Stamped Vellum,

4 Parchment, and Paper, by requiring Arid Proof of the Commissions, Deputations, or other Authorities

4 under which the said Commissioners, and the Officers, and other Persons appointed and employed by them

4 to carry the fame into Execution, have acted \ for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if upon

Trial of any Information, lndidment, or other Prosecution, for any Offence committed against any Act or

Acts of Parliament touching or concerning the said Duties, or any of them, whereby any Person or Persons

shall or may be deemed or construed to be guilty of Felony ; any Question shall arise, whether any Person

be an Officer of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or for any of the said Duties, or whether any Per-

son hath been employed by the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties, or the major Part of them,

to make or provide any Dies or Stamps to denote the said Duties, or any of them, or to repair, renew, or

alter the fame, or any of them, in every of the said Cafes, Proof shall and may be made and admitted, that

such Person was reputed to be, and had acted in, and in fad exercised such Office or Employment, and at

the respective Time and Times when the Matter or Matters in Controversy.upon such Trial or Trials shall

happen to have beeiT done or committed, without producing or proving the particular Commission, Deputa-

tion, or other Authority, whereby such Officer or other Person was constituted, appointed, or employed j

and that in every such Cafe such Proof shall be deemed and taken, by the Judges or Justices before whom any

such Trial shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made te

appear : any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4 VII. And whereas, in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re-

4 pealing an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act for

44 granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Gamef and for grant-

4 ing other Duties in lieu thereof, it was provided, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand

* seven hundred and eightj-five, it should and might be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the

4 Peace

