The TITLES of

and for paving, clennfing, lighting, and watching the

Streets, and other publick Places, within the said T own,

and widening the Streets, where neceflliry, and removing

and preventing Nuii.inces therein.

5$. An Act for vcft.ng the Scite, Buildings, and other the

Premiles, belonging to the old Gaol or Pnton of the

County of Suffexin Trustees, for the Purpose of convey-

ing the fame to the Right Honourable Frances Viscountess

Irwin, and her HeiiS; and to declare the new Gaol or

Prison lately built to be the Common Gaol for the said

County.

59. An Act for making and declaring the Gaol for the

County of Devon, called the High Gaol\ a Publick and

Common Goal; and for discharging Denys Rolle and

jfobn Rolle Esquires, and their respective Heirs and

Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol ;

and for improving and enlarging the fame, or building

a new one; and also for taking down the Chapel in the

Castleof Exeter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for building a new Gaol, and providing a pro-

per Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the

several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises,

and all other Places, within the County of Stafford, and for

regulating the fame respectively.

61. An Act for taking down the Guild-hall or Town-hall

' in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln,

and rebuilding the fame.

62. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Chapel of

Hanky, in the County of Stafford \ for veiling the Right

of Nomination in Trustees; and for enlarging the Chapel

Yard; and other Purposes.

63. An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of

Saint Mary IVanJlede alias Wanstead, in the County of

Essex.

64. An Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth

Common, in the ^Parish of Portsea, in the County of

Southampton.

65. An Act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent

granted by his Majesty to the Royal College and Corpo-

ration of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as re-

lates to a Scheme of railing a Fund for a Provision for

the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Cor-

poration, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and

for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Cor-

poration, and the Trustees and Officers elected for ma-

naging the Fund, effiedlually to carry the said Scheme into

Execution.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and

Common Fens, within the Harnlet of Martin, in the Pa-

rish of Timber land, and within the Parish of Blankney, in

the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving

the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Mar~

tin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of

Linwood\ in the said Parish of Blankney.

67. An Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing,

lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes,

of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the

County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Pe-

ter the Apojlle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement,

in the said Town, Port, and County; and for removing

and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstrudtions,

and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and

Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said

Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said

Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven s and for

regulating the Births and Mooring-places of Vessels at

the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pals

through the said Bridge.

the STATUTES.

68. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading

from Mead Brooks which divides the Parishes of Puckti-

church and Mangot-field, in the County of Gloucester, to

Christian Milford Bridge, in the County of Wilts \ and

from PuckLchurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in die

said Parish.

69. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of several Acts made in the tenth Year of the

Reign of King George the First, the sixteenth Year of the

Reign of King George the Second, and the ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road

from the North Part of Harlow nufh Comoion, in the

Parish of Harlow, to Wood lord, in the County of Essex ;

and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping,

through the Parishes of Northiucald Eafjett, Bobbingwcrth,

High U)gar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to the Four

Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence

through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Alande-

vide, to the Parish of Writtle, in the said County.

70. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the fifth

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike

Road at Wrotham Heath, in tie County of Kent, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godllone, in the

Cotmty of Surrey.

71. An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road,

from the Well End of the Bridge, intended to be built at

or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gain for ough,

in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the

County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of

Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and

Qareborough, to East Retford, all lituatc in the said

County of Nottingham \ with a Side Branch from the

Boundary Gate, between the said Parishes of Beckingham

and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and

the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to

the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid.

72. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike

Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through

Etchingham and Burwalh, to the Extent of the said Parish

of Burwalh, in the said County.

73. An Act for continuing the Term of three Afls, of the

thirteenth Year of King George the First, the twenty-first

Year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth Year of his

present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Roads

from Birmingham, through Wednesbury, to High Bullen,

and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Pori Way,

at the End of Darlaflon Lane, next to Bilston, and'to

Nether Trindie, near Dudley, in the Counties of Warwick,

Worcester, and Stafford; and for making and keeping in

Repair a Road from Troufe Lane, in the Parish of Wednsfr

bury, to Darlaflon, in the County of Stafford.

74. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry

Bridge to the Pciffuge at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge

to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon*

75. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for

repairing and widening several Roads'in the County of

Brecon; and for amending certain other Roads in the said

County,

76, An

