A.D. 1788. Aniiovicesimo o£avoGeorgii III. C. 52. 507

XII. 4 And whereas it is enacted, by the said Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present 'On D*vs*p-

4 Majesty, that on the Day appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration, the House shall not pro- pointed for uk-

* ceed to any other Business whatsoever, except the swearing of Members, previous to the reading of the Or- |"*0 configer-

4 der of the Day for that Purpose;* be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the House, pre- a"ion, Report*

vious to reading such Order, to receive any Report from any Select Committee appointed in pursuance of from Sdea

the above recited Acts, or of this Act, and to enter the fame upon their Journals, and to give the necessary Commiti«et,Src*.

Orders and Drreftions thereupon ; and that previous to reading the said Order, the Clerk of the Crown m*Y.herece,Te*

may be admitted to alter or amend any Return, in purfance of an Order made on a preceding Day, or the Or-

on that Day; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for the House, previous to reading the said Order, der of ihc l>«y.

to postpone the fame, for the Purpose t>f attending his Majesty, or his Majesty’s Commissioners, in the

House of Lords, in consequence of any Message from his Majesty, or from his Majesty’s Commissioners,

signified to the House in the usual Manner.

XIII. And be it also enacted. That if, within one Hour after the Time fixed in pursuance of the above- jf peljtioner* dv

recited Acts, and of this act, for calling in the respective Parties, their Counsel or Agents, for the Pur- not appear wi»h-

pose of proceeding to the Appointment of a Select Committee, the Petitioner or Petitioners, or some onfe in an Hourafut

or more of them, who shall have signed any such Petition, shall not appear by himself or themselves, or Jhe Tira.e

by his or their Counsel or Agents, the Order for taking such Petition into Conuderation shall thereupon be sdracom.0*

discharged, and such Petition shall not be any further proceeded upon in the Manner directed in the above- micV*e*,°the

recited Acts, and in this Act. # Order for taking

such Petition* into Consideration to be discharged.

XIV. And be It enacted. That if, within one Hour after the Time so appointed as aforesaid, the Rfgulaiioni for

Sitting Member or Sitting Members, or other Party or Parties opposing the Petition, shall not appear 7’r,a.1 ot

by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, or if, at the Time so appointed as afore- tio^Vher/no

said, there shall be no Party before the House opposing the Petition, the House shall proceed to appoint party appear* t»

a Select Committee, to try the Merits of such Petition, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) That oppofetbe®.

the Names of forty-nine Members shall be drawn, in the Manner prescribed in the above-recited Acts,

but in reducing the Lift of such Names to thirteen, the Place of a Party opposing the Petition shall be

supplied by the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, who {hall,/as often as it shall come to his

Turn, as supplying the Place of the Party opposing the Petition, to strike out a Name, strike out that

Name which then shall be first in the said Lift; and in every Gale where the Party opposing the Petition

would be empowered, by the above-recited Acts, to nominate one Member to be added to the said thirteen*

the said thirteen shall, from among the Persons present in the House at the Time of drawing the Names of

the Members, chuse one Person to supply the Place of the Member to have been so nominated, in the

lame Manner as is directed by the above-recited Act made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign,

in the Cafe where there are more than two Parties on distindt Interests.

XV. And be it further enacted. That the fame Method of reducing the Lift of Members drawn ttx The aforegoing

thirteen, and of nominating a Member to be added to the thirteen remaining on the said Lift, shall be Jj2n°1heLi§

respectively followed, whenever any Party shall waive his Right of striking off Names from the said Lift, or ^Member*,

of nominating a Member to be added to the said thirteen. &c.to be fol-

lowed when tny Party dull waive his Right to do it

XVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person summoned to attend the said Select Committee wimeffc* not

by the Warrant of the Speaker of the said House, or by Order of the said Committee, shall disobey such •ending the

Summons, or shall give false Evidence, or prevaricate, or otherwise misbehave in giving, or in refuling to ^ift^cCormiv;n

give. Evidence before the said Committee, the said Committee shall have Power, by a Warrant to be faift^Evidence^"

signed by the Chairman, and directed to the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, or to &c. to t*conv-

his Deputy or Deputies, to commit such Person (not being a Peer of the Realm or a Lord of Parliament) mined.

to the Custody of the said Serjeant,‘without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding twenty-four

Hours, if the House shall then be fitting, or if not, then for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours after

the Hour to which the House shall then be adjourned.

XVII. 4 And whereas it is enacted by the said Act made in the tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign,

4 That if more than two Members of the said Select Committee shall, on any Account, be absent there-

4 from, the said Select Committee shall adjourn in the Manner in the said Act directed, and so from Time

4 to Time, until thirteen Members are assembled; and that no such Determination as in the said Act is

4 mentioned (hah be made, nor any Question be proposed, unless thirteen Members shall be present; and that

4 no Member shall have a Vote on such Determination, or any other Question or Resolution, who has nef

4 attended during every Sitting of the said Select Committee: and that, in case the Number of Members able to

4 attend the said Committee mall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than thirteen, and

4 shall so continue for the Space of three Sitting Days, the said Committee shall be dissolved, and another

4 chosen to try and determine the Matter of such Petition, in the Manner in the said Act before provided ;*

be it hereby enacted. That whenever any Committee shall have fat for Bgfmefs fourteen Days, not If * Committee

including those Days on which they shall have adjourned on account of the Absence of any Member, nor ftal1 have for for

Including Sunday^ Christmas-day, or Good Friday, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to

Bufinef$, if a Number of Members not less than twelve be present; and in such Cafe, the Committee bemnayproaei

shall not be dissolved by reason of the Absence of tfre Members, unless the Number of Members able to therein;

attend the fame shall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than twelve, and shall so

continue for the Space of three Sitting Days; and whenever any Committee shall in like Manner have fat

for

e

