I 26

thorife them

receive the Mo-

nty.

Notice of Appro-

bation of Will#

likewise to be

sent, which will

u horife the

IxfCutor to ob-

tain Probates.

Probates to be

lodged with the

Inspetior, and

the fame certified

upon the Check.

Inspector to fead

Checks to the Minister who

transmits Pow-

er* of Attorney,

ice. to be de-

livered to the

G rantort.

Letter* touching

the Premifct to

paf* free of Post.

Grants of Let*

ters of Attorney

Co be infected ia

the Monthly

Return*.

The Steps to be

taken to recover

Wages, flee. due

to Men dying

latcftaic.

Penalty on Proc-

tors, flee. assist-

ing in procuring

Prcbstet ' f

Willi, Ire. con-

trary to this Act.

C. 63. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

cuted, and the Names of the Witnesses attesting the fame, which said Check shall be signed and stamped by

the said Inspector, or Person authorised to officiate for him, and shall to such Attorney (land in the Place of

his original Letter of Attorney, and shall be to him a sufficient Authority to demand Payment of and dif-

charge all such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money, to which the Person granting the

fame was intitled for his Service on board any of his Majesty’s Ships; and the said Inspection shall in like

Manner give Notice, to be lent by ihe General Post to the Person or Persons named and appointed Executor

or Executors in such Will, that such AVill is received and approved of; and the said Inspection shall number^

and register the said Will so signed and stamped by him as aforesaid, and shall make out a Check, in the

Manner as above directed with respect to Letters of Attorney, which Check he shall forward in like Manner

to the said Executor or Executors, and which shall be a sufficient Authority for them, or for their Attornies.

to apply, upon the Testator’s Death, 16 the said Inspection, requesting that the Will may be directed and

sent by him to a Proctor in Doctors Commons, where they may, on Application, obtain Probate thereof;

which Probate, when obtained, shall be lodged with the said Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, who, or the Per-

son authorised to officiate for him, is hereby directed to certify, upon the Check formerly delivered, that a

Probate has been granted, and the Check shall then, to such Executor or Executors, (land in the Place of

such Probate, and shall be lo him a sufficient Authority to demand Payment of and discharge all Sums that

shall be due to him as Executor to the Party who made the said Will.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the above mentioned Inspector shall, in Return

to all Letters of Attorney and Wilis received by him from Ministers of Parishes, give Notice as aforesaid to

the said Minister who transmitted the fame, and not to the Grantor thereof, of his having patted and ap-

proved of such Letter of Attorney, or Will, and fend the Check by the General Post, made out in the Man-

ner above mentioned, to the said Minister; and which Notice from the said Inspector shall be addressed to

the Minister of the Parish (naming the fame), without inserting the Name of such Minister, to be delivered

to him at his Manse or Dwelling House; and every such Minister of a Parish shall deliver the said Check to

the Party who executed such Letter of Attorney or Will: And all Letters and Packets addressed to, or

sent by, the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, or Inspector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, from

and after the patting of this A3, be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner,

and under the fame Reltridlions, as the Clerk Assistance, and Chief Clerk without Doors, of the House of

Commons of Great Britain now (end and receive the same.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1’hat all Captains and Commanders of Ships shall,

upon their Monthly Muster Books or Returns, specify which of the Men mentioned in the said Returns,

have granted any Letter of Attorney during that Month, or Space of Time from the preceding Returns,

by inserting the Date thereof opposite to the Party’s Name.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman belonging,

or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty’s Ships, shall die inteilate, leaving any Wages, Pay, Prize

Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind, due to them in respect of such Service, the fame shall not be

paid unto any Representative of such Intestate, but upon Letters of Administration to be obtained in the fol-

lowing Manner; videlicet, The Person claiming such Administration shall give in a Note or Petition to the

InspeSor of Seamen’s Wills, dating the Name of the Deceased, and to what Part of his Majesty’s Domi-

nions he originally belonged, and the Name or Names of the Shin or Ships on board of which he served, to-

gether with his own Name and Addition at full Length, and his Relation to, or Connexion with, the De-

ceased, and also what other Relations, to the bed of his Knowledge, the Deceased has alive at the Time, and

where they are resident; and which Petition shall be certified by two reputable Housekeepers of the Parish,

Town, or Place where such Petitioner is resident, certifying that they believe the Contents of the said Peti-

tion to be true; and which Petition and Certificate shall be further certified by the Minister of the Partth,

and two of the Churchwardens, or two of the Elders, certifying that the two Persons who certified the Peti-

tion, in Manner above mentioned, are resident within the Parish, and Persons of good Repute: Where-

upon the Inspection of Seamen’s Wills, as aforesaid, shall make such Enquiry as to him shall appear necessary

for ascertaining the Truth of the said Petition; and ifi upon such Enquiry, he shall be satisfied of the Truth

thereof, and it also appearing that no Will of such Deceased has been lodged with him, he shall deliver or

fend, to the Person claiming to be such Admtnistrator, an Abltradl of the said Petition, with a Note or

Ticket subjoined thereto, signed by the said Inspector, or Person authorised to officiate for him, and marked

with his Stamp, certifying that the Contents of the said Petition appear to him to be true, and that the Per-

son claiming to be Administrator may obtain Letters^of Administration to the Deceased, provided he is

otherways intitled thereto by Law; which Certificate shall be directed by the Inspector to a Prodlor in

Doflors Commons, for the rurpose that Letters of Administration may pass in favour of the Petitioner, if

intitled thereto by Law, but not otherways; and such original Petition and Certificate shall be lodged and

Temain in the Records of the Treasurer of the Navy, and be preserved by him; and the Letters of Adtnini-

(Iration, when obtained, shall be lodged and registered, in the feme Manner with die Probates of Wills, in

the Hands of the Inspection, who is hereby directed to erant a Check, signed and stamped by him. or by the

Person authorised to officiate for him, to the Administrators, or their Attornies, which shall (land in the

Place of the Administration, and be to them a sufficient Authority to demand Payment of and discharge all

Sums that shall be due to them as Administrators to the Party deceased.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Prodlor, Reeilter, or other Officer of any Ecclesi-

astical Court, shall be aiding and assisting in procuring Probate of the Will, or Letters of Administration,

for the Purpose of enabling any Person to receive the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money

of any Kind, due or becoming due for their Service on board any Ship or Ships then in, or formerly be-

longing to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without first obtaining the Certificate from the Inspector

10 of

