£42

Deaths Ac. on

Penalty ot jol.

Ac.

Annnit’et so be

free from Taxes,

•nd deemed Per-

fonal Estate.

If Annuities are

not demanded

until within 40

D*ya before two

Years shall have

become due;

and if no C ertt-

ficate of the

Lives of the

Nominees shall

be produced,

such Annuities

to be divided

among the Sur-

vivors of the

Clafa until such

Certificate be

produced, Ac.

An Account to

he made of

Half-yearly of

the Nominees

who have died,

and of the Per-

fins oho hav«

not demanded

Annuities foe

two Yean.

On Oath being

made that No-

minees, whose

Certificates have

net been pro-

cured, art

abroad, and that

tbet$ it Reason

to believe such

Certificates n ay

be obtained in a

reason able

Time,

and on Certifi-

cate from a

Baron of the

Exchequer, that

it feetns proba-

ble, the Nomi-

nees were living,

the Auditor to

fist apart the

Annuities on

such Lives, and

pay them on the

Prodnftion of

Certificates in a

limited Time,

Ac.

Treasury map

dire A oew Or-

ders to be made

out.in lira of

such si may be

lofi^Ac

C. 41. Anno vicesimo nono Georg 11 III. A. I>. 1789.

he,-fce, and they was and were entitled, during the Life of such Nominee, to any Share of the said Annui-

ties, in case such Order or Orders be in his, her, or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, such

Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall for-

feit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by such Action or Suit as aforesaid, and to be had and received

for the Use of any Person who shall (ue for the fame.

XXXI. And be it further cna£kd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities shall be free from

all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever, and shall be deemed a Personal Estate; and in all Cafes

where the fame do not depend upon the Proprietor’s own Life, shall go to his Executors and Administrators

as Personal Estate, to all Intents and Purposes, and not be dependable to Heirs.

XXXfI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who, in respect of any

such Life Annuity, may be entitled to receive any Half-yearly Payment thereof, shall, at any Time, neglect

to demand the fame, until within forty Days before the Expiration of two Years from the Time when

such Payment thall have become due; and in case no Certificates of the Life of any Nominee, upon whose

Life the said Annuity doth depend, shall be produced to the Officers of his Majesty’s Exchequer, orfuffident

Proof made thereof, according to the Rules prescribed by this Act, then and from thenceforth such No-

minee, of whose Life no such Certificate shall be produced or Proof made, shall be taken to be dead,

and such Annuity shall be forfeited, and from thenceforth the fame shall be divided, from Time to Time,

amongst the levernl Persons entitled to Annuities upon the Death of any Nominee in the fame Class, until

such Certificate shall be produced or Proof made, and so from Time to Time upon every such Default:

Provided nevertheless, That if such Nominee shall afterwards appear to be living, and a Demand in due

Time, in Manner as aforesaid, is made for any following Half-yearly Payment, the Person or Persons

entitled to the fame shall, for the future, have his Share of the said Annuities, as if such Default had not

been made.

XXXIII. And, to the Intent it may appear and be ascertained upon every Half-yearly Payment, unto

and amongst what Persons, and in what Proportions, the said Annuities are to be distributed, be it

enacted, rl hat in the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt, every Half Year, within forty Days before the

respective Days of Payment, there shall be made up an Account of the said Nominees whose Deaths are

Come to Knowledge, and of the several Persons who have made Default in making Demand for the Space

of two Years as aforesaid, that lo the rest of the Proprietors in each such Class may have the Advantage

thereof.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if any Person who may be entitled to receive any such Half-yearly

Payment, in respect of any such Annuity, or his or her Agent or Agents, shall, within the Time herein-

before limited for demanding Payment of the fame, and so from Time to Time, make Oath, or a fotemn

Affirmation, before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer, that, to the said Deponent or Depo-

nents Belief, the Nominee for whose Life the said Annuity shall be payable at the Time when such Half-

yearly Payment became due was living, and that such Nominee (if living) is resident in Parts beyond

the Seas, and that he, (he, or they, hath or have not been able to obtain the necessary Certificate or Docu-

ments aforesaid of the Existence of his or her Life, but hath or have Reason to believe that such Certificate

and Documents aforesaid may be obtained within a reasonable Time (which Time the said Baron or

Barons shall in his or their Discretion, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe, limit and appoint,

and from Time to Time enlarge, as he or they shall fee Occasion); and such Baron or Barons shall cer-

tify that, upon such or other Proof on Oath, it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said No-

minee was living at the Time such Half-yearly Payment became due (which Certificate shall be given,

and Examination made, without Fee Or Charge, and shall be filed in the Office of the said Auditor);

then, and in every such Cafe, it shall J>e lawful for the said Auditor, upon the said Certificate being so filed

from Time to Time, to set apart in the said Receipt of the Exchequer all such Half-yearly Payments as

shall have arisen and are payable to any Person or Persons entitled to any Annuity, during the Life

of any such Nominee of whose Life no such Certificate shall be produced or Proof made as aforesaid ;

and in case such Nominee shall, within the Time or Times respectively limited or appointed by the

said Baron or Barons for the Production of such Certificate, or other Proof of his or her Existence,

appear to be living, or to have been living at the Time or Times any such Half-yearly Payments

' of the said Annuities became payable, the said Auditor shall upon Demand thereof pay the said An-

nuities to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, as if such Default had not been made, but

otherwise the fame shall be divided and paid to and amongst the several Persons who shall be entitled to

Annuities in the lame Class, at the Expiration of the Time or Times so limited or appointed by the said

Baron or Barons for the Purpose aforesaid, in such Proportions as the Rest of the Annuities in such Class are

payable.

XXXV. 4 And whereas it may so happen, that in Procefe of Time several of the Standing Orders

* may be loft, burnt, or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many Assign-

4 ments thereon, and it may be necessary that new Orders should be made forth in lieu thereof;9 be it

further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That in all or any of the said Cafes, any three or more of

the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, (nail, and he or they is or

are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, upon Certificate under the Hand of the Lord Chief Baron, or

any other of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, that he or they is or are fetif-

fied, by Proof upon Oath before him or (hem made, that any such Order or Orders have been loft, burnt,

or otherwise destroyed* to cause new Orders to be made form at the Exchequer, to be figoed by him or

than*

