A. D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 45.

fitions hereby laid and imposed, or which Ship or Vessel shall be liable to any such Imposition ; and also of

and from all and every Pci foil and Persons bringing, or causing to be brought within or through the said

Town of Margate, or other Part of the said Pari Ih of Saint John the Bapti/I, any Coals, Culm, Splint,

Coke, or Cinder, by Land Carriage, upon which no Duty shall have been paid by virtue of this Act, the

said Sum of one Shilling for each and every Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder ;

and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron or Ton.

XXXVII. ‘And, for more effectually securing the Payment of the said Duties,’ be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid. That no Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries of Ships,

Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning his Majesty’s Customs at the

said Port of Sandwich, shall hereafter give or make out any Cocquet or other Discharge, or take any Report

outwards for any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or in the said Port of Sandwich, or the Limits thereof, until

the Duties hereby made payable by the Matter or other Person according to the Tenor and true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, shall be paid unto the Colle<5tor or other Person, appointed to receive the same as.

aforesaid ; and that the Matter or Matters, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, do pro-

duce and shew an Acquittance under the Hand of such Collector or Receiver, or his Deputy, tettifying the

Receipt thereof; which Receipt such Collector, Receiver, or Deputy, is hereby obliged to give upon being

required so to do, without Fee or Reward, or otherwise to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds to any Person

who will sue for the same; and that every Collector, Cuttomer, Comptroller, or other Officer of the

Customs, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined them by this Act, Gull forfeit the Sum of twenty

Pounds to the Commissioners for executing this Act; both which Sums shall he recoverable, together with

Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the

f.fj Penalty of twenty Pounds, so made payable to the Commissioners, shall go to, and be applied to toe

Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Collector or

Cclledtors, or any other Person or Persons authoriseJ and deputed by the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, to go on board any Ship or other Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Dudes and

Rates by this Act due and payable, and for Nonpayment thereof to take and, distn.in every such Ship or

Velltl, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the fame

to detain and keep until he or they be satisfied and paid the said Rates and Duties; and in cile of any

Neglect or Delay in the Payment of any of the Lid Duties and Rates for live Days after any Dittrds or

Dittrefles so taken as aforesaid, then ;t shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector and Coliectois,

Receiver and Receivers of the said Duties and Rates to cause such Distress or Dittrefles to be appraised by

two or more sufficient Persons to be nominated by the said Commissioners, and afterwards to tell the said

Distress or Dittrefles so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy hint or themselves, as well (or and con-

cerning the Duty so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which a Distress shall be so taken as aforesaid,

as also for his or their reasonable Charges in the taking and keeping of such Distress, rendering to the Matter,

or other Person having the Rule or Command of the Ship or Veliel, in or from which such Distress shall be

so taken, the Overplus, if any there (lull be, on Demand.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Matter, Commander, Ow-

ner, or Part Owner of any Ship or other Vessel shall, at any Time from and after the passing of this A^t,

elude or avoid the Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, by any Method whatsoever, such 1YIaf-

ter, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner of such Ship or Vessel, shall (land charged with, and be liable to

the Payment of the fame ; and the fame shall be recovered, together with double Costs of Suit, from such

Matter, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, in the Name

of the Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners for the lime being, by A£tion ot Debr, Bill, Plaint, or In-

formation, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, (hull be al-

lowed, or in a luminary Way before a justice of the Peace, in the Manner herein-after directed.

393

No Person shall

make out a Coc«

quit (ill the

LJutj paid.

OfH'er* im-

powered to

tmlrai:*.

Persons eluding

P*rvmen* to con«

limit charge-

able.

44 After defraying the Expences of the Act, Money already borrowed to be paid in the first Place ; and then

44 the Monies raised by this Act to be applied towards building and keeping in Repair the Pier, and the

44 other Purposes of the Act, Commissioners to examine Persons liable to pay the Duties ; and direct the

44 mooring or ballafti. g of Vefftls, and prevent Annoyances ; and may remove Encroachments or Obstruc-

w tions. No Vessel to be moored in the Harbour as a Storehouse. Commissioners may farm out the Pier

14 Duties, giving twenty-one Days previous Notice- Commissioners impowered to maintain Lamps. Per-

44 Tons accidentally damaging Lamps to make good the Damage. Watchmen to be appointed. Pavement

44 not to be altered without the Consent of the Commissioners. Annoyances not to be made. Spouts, Steps,

44 and other Projections, to be removed. Houses to be numbered. Houses not to be brought beyond the

44 Line of the Stieet. Sewers to be made. Persons molcfting Commissioners or their Officers, to forfeit

41 twenty Shillings for the first Offence, forty Shillings lor the second, and three Pounds for every fubie-

44 quent Offence. Commissioners may hire Places to deposit Materials, &c. Footpaths to be cleaned.

44 No Person to carry away Soil but Persons appointed. Watchmen to apprehend Malefactors, Ufc* Rates

44 of Porters, Cha rmen, Carters, and Carmen, to be settled by the Commissioners. Nothing in this Act to

44 repeal the General Highway Act. Surveyors of the Highways to account to the Commissioners. Conw

44 missioners may borrow Money; which may be raised by Annuities. The whole Money not to exceed

44 14,000/. exclusive of the Money already due. Annuities not liable to Taxes. Fund of the Commissioners

44 not rateable to the Poor. Commissioners ta provide Books for keeping Accounts ; and to produce them

M yearly to the Inhabitants at large. Surveyors impowered to dig for Gravel. When the 14,000/. borrowed

44 upon

Goog

