52

The fiift Pay-

ment to be on

>br s» 1786.

Publick AS.

Preamble.

1

»rem July 5,

1786, ihe Judge

of (he Admiralty

in Scotland flull

receive 400 1.

annual!* i.i lit a

o( all Fcrqui-

fiteit

And the Judge*

of the Com mif-

(*ry Court tool,

mnoually each,

an lieu of Sen*

fence Money:

But oth*r usual

Perquisitet may

be received*

C. 47. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

be ng; the Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in

Scotland for the Time being; the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling to each of the other Barons of

the said Court of Exchequer for the l ime being; the Sum of six hundred Pounds Sterling to the Lord

Tuftice Clerk for the Time being; and the Sum ot three hundred Pounds Sterling to each of the other Lords

Commissioners of Judiciary for the Time being.

III. And be it enacted, That the first Quarter’s Payment of the said respective Sums shall be made on

the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and erghty-six, and thereafter the fame shall

continue to be paid quarterly in every Year, in such Manner as the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges of

keeping up the said Courts in Scotland, have accustomarily been paid fnice the Union of the two King-

doms; and the Sums hereby granted shall be in place of the different Salaries and Allowances, which the

Judges of the said Courts do at present, or have been in use to enjoy, whether by dated Salary, Additions

by Privy Seal, or Intered of the aforesaid Money, excepting always any additional yearly Sum, which

is or may be granted by his Majesty, by Warrant under the Privy Seal in Scotland\ to one of the puil'ne

Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, when appointed to that Office from the Bar of England \ and

excepting also the Sums issued in every Year for defraying the Expences of the Judiciary Judges at their

Circuits.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A St shall and may be deemed and

taken to be a Publick Act.

v CAP. XLVII.

An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, and other Fees of Court, to

the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and

the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh;

for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof and for regulating

the Nomination of the said Judges.

W HER E.A S the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, which was stipulated by the Articles of Union

VV to be continued in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has never had any dated Salary or

4 Allowance from the Publick, but has been in the Use of receiving Sentence Money, and other casual F ees,

4 upon Proceedings in the said Court, which Practice ought to be abolished: And whereas the Judges of

the Commissary Court in Edinburgh have likewise been in the Use of receiving Sentence Money, and aie

4 otherwise insufficiently provided May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the Kine’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hunJred and eighty-six, it shall

not be lawful for the present Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, or his Successors in that Office, directly

or indirectly, to ask or take from any Suitor or Suitors in the said Court, or any other Person or Persons, any

Fee or Perquisite, for acting or doing Business as a Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, in Name of

Sentence Money, Poundage, Droits of Admiralty, or upon any Pretence whatever; and in lieu of all

Fees and Perquisites heretofore in use to be paid to, or exacted by or for the Judge of the said Court, the

present Judge, and his Successors in Office, shall be intitled to and receive a yearly Salary, amounting to

the Sum of four hundred Pounds Sterling, payable in the fame Form, and upon the fame Establishment, as

the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are paid in that Pait of

Great Britain called Scotland; the first Quarter’s Payment of the said.Salary to be made on the fifth Day of

July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July* in the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for the Judges of the ComrrHllary Court in

Edinburgh, or their Successors in Office, directly or indirectly, to ask or take, from any Suitor or Suitors

in the said Court, or from any other Person or Persons, any Fee or Perquisite for acting or doing Business

as Judges of the said Commissary Court, in Name of Sentence Money, upon the Decrees pronounced by

them; and in lieu of such Sentence Money heretofore in Use, as well as for the better Provision of the said

Commissaries, they and their Successors in Office shall be intitled to, and-receive the Sum of one hun-

dred Pounds Sterling, per Annum each of Salary, payable in the fame Form, and upon the fame Establish-

ment, as the Salaries of the Judges of the Couits of Session, Jufi ciary, and Exchequer, are paid in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland; the first: Quarter’s Payment of the said Salary to be made on the’

fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six-

III. Provioed always, and be itenucled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowances to

the said Commissaries out of the Bishops Rents shall continue as before; and th^t nothing herein contained

shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish their customary Dues on the Confirmation of Testauients,

or other Articles, except that of Sentence Money, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared. That nothing herein contained shall be construed either to

enlarge or diminish the customary and lawful Dues or Perquifttcs of the Clerks and Fifcals of any of th^

said Courts, but that the said Clerks and Fifcals shall still continue to receive what they are by Law or

Custom intitled to in Name of Sentence Money, or otherwise: And, for the better acertaining the Ex-

tent thereof, in those Cafes wheie the Judges and the Clerks and Fifcals have heretofore been in use to

receive

