A.D. *786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. igi.

209

4 XL And; to the Intent the Duties may be duly answered and paid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collectors of his Majesty’s Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or

Searchers, Waiters, and ail other Officers of the Customs whatsoever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks,

at any of the Ports, Harbours, or Places of Great Britain, shall not, after the Commencement of

the said Duties, take or receive any Entry or Cocquet, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any

Report outwards, for any Shin or Vessel liable or subje£l to the said Duties, until the said Duties {hall

be paid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors to be appointed by the said

Commissioners or Trustees to receive the same, and until such respective Matter or Owner of any

Ship or Veil'd, subject to the said Payment thereof, shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for the

fame.

XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Matter, or any ,

Person having the Charge Qr Command of any such Ship or chips, Vessel or Vessels, charged or chargeable

with any of the Duties granted by this A<£t. shall refuse to pay the fame, that then and in such Cafe it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or the Collector or Collectors, or other Persons to be ap-

pointed by them, tofeize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding any Right of Hypothecation,

Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any Person, any of the Goods,

Merchandize, Guns, T'acklc, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, and the

fame to detain and keep until the said Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Delay

in Payment of the said Duties for the Space of three Days after such seizing, taking, or detaining, that then

it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the

said Duties, or such Person or. Pei Ions as the said Trustees shall authorise and appoint, to cause the fame to

be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons or sworn Appraisers, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the

Goods so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy the said Duties so neglected to be paid, together with

the Charges of such seizing, taking, detaining, and felling the fame, shall be ascertained by the said Seizers,

upon Oath, rendering to the Matters or Owners of such Ship or Vessel the Overplus (if any there be) on

Demand: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Vessel

or Wherry employed in the Service of his Majesty’s Revenue, or any Ships or Vessels employed in the Green-

land at other Northern Whale Fishery, or going to Archangel in RuJJta^ot returning from thence, provided the

laid Ships return before the fifteenth Day of September in each Year.

XUI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, whether outward or home-

ward bound, or failing Coastways, {hall pay more than one Penny or two Pence as aforesaid, although

the said Ship or Vessel shall have, in the Courle of the said Voyage, passed more than one of the said Light-

houses.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the four Light-houses aforesaid are built and lighted in

a proper Manner* Notice thereof shall be given by the Commissioners or Trustees three several Times ip

the Lsndon Gazette, and in all the Edinburgh Newspapers; and the said Duty on the Tonnage of Ships and

Vessels patting the said Light-houses shall only commence and be exigible one Calendar Month after the Date

of such first Notice in the said Gazette and NewspaperS.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Light-

houses and other Buildings shall be vetted in the said Trustees or Commissioners, who shall, from Time to

Time, keep and maintain the fame in good and sufficient Repair, and shall in the Night Season maintain

a proper Fire or Light therein, so as the Trade, Navigation, and the Fisheries may be effectually bene-

sited, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACfc; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners and Trustees, out of the said Duties granted by this A&, to pay all just and reasonable

Sums of Money and Charges that shall or may be expended in erecting, maintaining, and supporting the

said Light-houses, and Fire or Light to be kept therein, together with all other Charges which shall be pro-

per andnccefl’ary for executing the aforesaid Trust, and the intereftof all such Sums from the respective Times

of advancing the fame until Reimbursement, with the Charges of collecting and recovering the Duties afore-

said, and likewise to the Discharge of the Principal of the said Sums.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surplus shall remain, after the

several Payments herein before directed to be made, the fame shall, once in every Year, be vetted in feme

one or other of the public Funds of the Kingdom, and shall be allowed, together with its Interest, to accu-

mulate until the yearly Interest of the fame shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attend-

ing die. said Light-houses; and that, how soon the said Interest shall amount to the Sum necessary for the

Purposes of the said Light-houses, then, and in that Cafe, the Sums that shall have been heretofore payable by

the several Ships and V eflels patting the said Light-houses, shall ipso faflo cease, determine, and be no longer

payable.

XV-II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said. Commissioners or Trustees,

at their annual General Meeting to be herein after appointed, shall find that the Payment of the several Duties

aforesaid bears particularly hard on any Ships or Vessels, by reason of the said Ships or Vessels patting fre-

quently in the same Year some one or other of the said Light-houses, and being employed in a Trade which '

cannot bear a frequent Repetition of the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees,

on a Representation from the Matters or Owners of the said Ships or Vessels, or of the Persons concerned in

the said Trade, and on the Truth of the Allegations contained in the said Representation being proved to the

'"Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees, to compound with, or agree by the Year with, the Matters

or Owners of the said Ships or Vessels for a letter Sum than the Duties per Ton exigible at the Time would

amount to.

26 Geo. III. Ec 4 XVIII. And,

No Entry of

Ship' liable to

the Duty to be

recrived, onlefi

a Receipt for

the fame be pro-

duced.

Goods may be

feixed if Dutiea

are not paid,

Exemption from

Duties in favour

of the Royal

Navy, 6c.

Vessels passing

more than one

Light-house, to

pay Duty only

once.

Duties not pay*

able till a Month

after Notice of

the Light-housei

being completed*

Light-houses to

be vested in tbt

Commissioners,

Arc,

Surplus of Duti®

to be veiled in

the Fundi, and

when fuflicienC

to the Expencef

of the Light-

houses, Duti®

to cease.

Commissionere

may compound

for Duties.

