197

A.D. 1786;. Anno vicdimo fcxto Georgii III. C. 86, 87.

nances, and the full Amount of the Freight due, or to grow due, for and during the Voyage wherein such

Robbery, Embezzlement, secreting or making away with, as aforesaid, shall be made, committed, or done,

although the Matter or Mariners shall not be in anywise concerned in or privy to such Robbery, Embezzle-

ment, secreting, or making away with j any Law, Usage, or Cuttom, to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Owners of any Ship or

Vessel shall be subject or liable to answer for or make good, to any one or more Person or Persons, any

Loss or Damage which may happen to any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever, which, from and after the

first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be shipped, taken in, or put on

board any such Ship or Vefiel, by Realon or Means of any Fire happening to or on board the said Ship or

Vessel.

4 III. And whereas Disputes may arise, whether the Owners or Matters of Ships are liable to answer or

c make good the Value or Amount of any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Watches, Jewels, or precious Stones,

c which may be loft after the lame have been put on board their Ships on Freight, without the Shippers

* thereof declaring at the Time the Value of such Goods be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That no Matter, Owner or Owners, oi any Ship or Vefiel, shall be subject or liable to answer for, or make

food, to any one or more Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage which may happen to any Gold, Silver,

)iamonds. Watches, Jewels, or precious Stones, which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall

be shipped, taken in, or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, by reason or means of any Robbery, Em-

bezzlement, making away with, or secreting thereof, unless the Owner or Shipper thereof shall, at the

Time of shipping the fame, insert in his Bill of Lading, or otherwise declare in Writing to the Mailer,

Owner or Owneis, of such Ship or Veiled, the true Nature, Quality, and Value of such Gold, Silver, Dia-

monds, Watches, Jewels, or precious Stones.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if several Freighters or Proprietors of any

such Gold, Silver, Diampnds, Jewels, precious Stones, or other Goods or Merchandize, shall fufter any

Loss or Damage by any of the Means aforesaid, in the fame Voyage (Fire only excepted), and the Value of

the Ship or Vessel, with all her Appurtenances, and the Amount of the Freight due, or to grow due, during

such Voyage, shall not be sufficient to make full Compensation to all and every of them, then such Freighters

or Proprietors shall receive their Satisfaction thereout in Average, in Proportion to their respective Lolies or

Damages: And in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Freighters or Proprietors, or

any of them, on Behalf of himself and all other such Freighters or Proprietors, or to and for the

Owners of such Ship or Veile!, or any of them, or on behalf of himself and all the other Part Owners

of such Ship or Vessel, to exhibit a Bill in any Court of Equity for a Discovery of the total Amount of

such Losses or Damages, and alfoof the Value of such Ship or Vessel, Appurtenances, and Freight, and for

an equal Distribution and Payment thereof amongst such Freighters or Proprietors, in proportion to their

respective Losses or Damages, according to the Rules of Equity: Provided always. That if any such Bill

shall be exhibited by or on the Behalf of the Part Owners of such Ship, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall annex

an Affidavit to such Bill or Bills, that he or they do not collude with any of the Defendants thereto ; and

shall thereby otter to pay the Value of such Ship or Vefiel, Appurtenances, and Freight, as such Court

shall direct; and such Court shall thereupon take such ^Method for ascertaining such Value as to them shall

seem just, and shall direct the Payment thereof in like Manner as is now" uled and practised in Cafes of

Bills of Interpleader.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this present Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, lessen, or discharge any Remedy which any Person or

Persons now hath, or shall or may hereafter have, against all, every, or any the Matter and Mariners of

such Ship or Vessel, for or in respect of any Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with any Gold,

Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or Merchandize, shipped or loaded on board such Ship or

Veilel, or on account of any F'raqd, Abule, or Malveriation of and in such Matter and Mariners reipec-

tively ; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person or Persons so injured or damaged, to pur-

sue and take such Remedy for the fame against the said Matter and Mariners respectively, as he or they

might have done before the making of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of

as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whoinsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to esquire into the State and Condition of the

Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown ; and to fell or alienate

Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents.

c XT 7 HERE AS, under and by virtue of the Provisions contained in an Act of the first Year of your

c yV Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his A 1 a] cfly's Houjihold, and of the Honour and

4 Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, the Monies arising by Rents of Lands, and Fines for Leases of

1 the lame, and the Monies arising from the small Branches and Revenues in the said Act mentioned

4 (except the Revenue^of the Dutch^ of Cornwall)9 are directed, during your Majesty’s Life, to be car-

* ried to, and made Part of, the General or Aggregate Fund established by an Act of the first Year of the

* Reign of King George the First, and applied as Part of the said Fund; And whereas your Majesty is

4 idled

nor for any Loft

occafinned by

Fire on board

Nor for L'fs of

Gold, &c. un-

less at the Time

of Shipping,

Declaration be

made of the Va-

lue, Sc c.

If Produce of

Ship, See. be

inefficient to

answer LofTes, it

is to be propor-

tionally divided

among the Lo-

feis.

F»e;ghter» and

Owners of Vef-

feh may exhibit

Bill? in Equity

for Discovery of

Amount of

Losses and Value

of Vtflcls, Scc.

AS} not to lessen

the Remedy

against Matters

and Mariners

for Embezzle#

ment, See,

Publick Act*

Preamble,

1 Geo. 3. c. I,

recited in Part.

