A.D. 1786. Anno vicclimo sexto Georgii III. C. 21—25. 7

4 from Coal or Culm, which shall have parted upon any Part of the said Navigation, down the Rivers Jjis,

4 Charwell, and Thame, towards the City of London; which Restriction is improper to be continued be

it therefore enacted, 'That lb much of the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Rfftri«f>ion

as retrains the carrying or conveying of any Coal or Culm, or Cinders burnt from Coal or Culm, after the

fame shall have parted upon the said Navigation, or any Part thereof, down the Rivers (/is, Charwell\ and

Thame, towards the City of London, and as inflifts any Penalty or Forfeiture for carrying or conveying the lhc jf,s a,ai-

fame, shall, so far as restrains the carrying.or conveying any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, upon any Part Weli, a

of the said Rivers, or the River Thornes, between the said Canal and the Town of Reading, in the County of Thame, *»r.ed.

Berts, be and is hereby repealed and made void.

u Company to appoint Officers, and take Security from the Tieafurcr. Publick Act.”

CAP. XXL

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton•

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich,

and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Hie of Thanet, Walmcr

Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, JVingham, Staple, Goodnestone next I Ting ham, Chi lien den, Nonnington, If ootid

tujbcrough otherwise Winfborow, Eythorne, Word other wile Worth, Elmestone, Prston next Ifingharn,

lekham, and IVickhambreux, in the County of Kent•

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish

of Wcjlbury, in the County of Wilts•

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Bo-

roughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places within the same; and« for explaining and

amending an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An All for building a

Nnu Shire flail and Guildhall for the County of Salop, and the Toivn of Shrewlhury, in the said County

and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the

exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to nominate

and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Port William in

Bengal.

€ IT J HEREAS Doubts have arisen whether, on the Nomination and Appointment of a Governor Ge-

4 VV neral, or any of the feveraLother Members of the Council of the Presidency of Fort William in

4 Bengal, in the East Indies, under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his pre-

4 sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the *4 Geo. 3.e.15.

4 East India Company, and of the British Possejions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for

4 the more speedy ana effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the Ealt Indies, his Majesty’s

4 Approbation of the fame, under his Sign Manual, be by Law required Therefore, for removing all

Doubts respecting the fame, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it de-

clared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That his Majesty’s Approbation of the Nomination and Appointment of the Governor General, and His Majesty’i

of the several other Members of the Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, i*not, nor shall approbation of

be necessary to render such Appointments respectively good and effectual in Law; and that all Nominations ^eo?of°Goirer-

and Appointments of any such Governor General, or other Member or Members of the said Council of ITorGcne^r

Fort William, by Authority of the Court of Directors of the said Company, since the passing of the before of Fo»t wil’iam

mentioned Act, were good, valid, and effectual in the Law, notwithstanding his Majesty’s Approbation of not necessary.

the fame was not signihed to the said Company, or to the Court of Directors of the said Company, under

his Majesty’s Sign Manual.

26 Geo.IIL

D

CAP.

