Bonds to be put

ir» Suit for

Brrach thereof.

*7 Hen. 3.

reci ed.

• 3°«

A.D. 17^9* . Anno vicesimo nono G eorg 11 III. C. 63. 583

Auction,any Piece Goods or other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom out of this Kingdom, or any

Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in this Kingdom which shall not be offered or put up for Sale c*r

fold entire in the Piece or Quantity in which the fame were taken from the Loom, and in Lots as aforesaid,

for or on the Account of the Manufacturer or first Purei.afer thereof, without charging, for every twenty

Shillings of the Purchase Money thereof, the said Duty, according to the Rules and Directions of an Act of

the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain

Duties on Licences i: Is f ken out by all Per fins acting as Auctioneers \ and certain Rates and Duties on all

Landsy HouJ'cs, Gv* r, arid other Things sold by Auction ; and upon Indentures, Leaf's, Bonds, Deeds, and other

In/lrutnents,) and that he will not be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent Contrivance or Device with In-

tent to fell any Piece Goods, or other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom, contrary to the true Intent

and Meaning of this Act.

IV, And be it further enacted. That in case it shall appear that the Party entering into such Rond hath

acted contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of such Bond, and of this present Act, it shall be lawful for

the respective Commissioners of Excite to caule every such Bond to be put in Suit.

V. * And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 (intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to he taken out by Perjons dealing by Retail in

4 Spirituous LiquorsJ reciting, that it was expedient that additional Duties should be paid by all Perions who

4 should take out Licences to deal by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, it is enacted, 'Iliat, from and alter the

4 fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there should be raised, levied, collected,

4 and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums in

4 the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for and upon ail Licences to be taken out annually in Manner in the

4 said Act mentioned, by all Persons who shall retail any diililled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters,

4 within Great Britain : And whereas divers Persons who take out such Licences do afterwards, and before

4 the Expiration of such Licences, leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, and thereby cease to derive

4 any Profit to themselves from such Licences, although they still continue liable to make good the future

4 Payments by the said Act directed to be made for or in respect of such Licences ;* be it therefore enacted.

That no Person or Persons who now is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly licensed to retail distilled Spirituous

Liquors, and who shall, before the Expiration of any such Licence by the said Act directed to be taken out,

give to the Collector or Supervisor of Excile of the Collection or District in which such Person or Persons

shall reside, one Month’s previous Notice of his, her, or their Intention to leave off the retailing of Spiri-

tuous Liquors, and shall also, within such one Month, leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors,

shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by the said Act directed to be

paid, at any Time after he, (he, or they shall so leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors; and all and

every such Licence shall, from and immediately after the Expiration of such one Month, become null and

void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons whose Licence or Licences to retail distilled

Spirituous Liquors, granted under or by virtue of the said Act, is or are now expired, and who, before the

Expiration of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences, actually left off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors,

shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by the said Act directed to be paid,

at any Time after he, me, or they, so left off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors : Provided always never-

thelels, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any such

Person Or Persons to the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been at any Lime

heretofore actually paid by him, her, or them,In pursuance of the said Ad.

the Itepiyraent of any Sum actually paid.

Pei fbn< e’v:n»

a Month's Nj-

tics'to the Su-

per vi for of tji-

cifr, of ihcir

Intention to

leave oil rerail-

irg Spirituous

L’quors, not ;o

be liable »o rfe

Payment of any

Morey impoled

by rrci'ed

i-fter 1 hey fh’ll

have so left < ti j

nor Pe fons

wh *fe Licen e*

• re expired, snd

who, b< fore the

Expiration

thereof, left • flf

retailing Spiri-

tuous Liquor*;

but no Prrion 10

be entitled to

VII. c And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 (intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of and Dealers in

4 exciseable Commodities therein mentionedJ it was enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of September

4 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person or Persons who then did, or at any Time

4 thereafter should deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer, nor a Redifier, nor a Distiller, should pre-

4 fume, by him, her, or thcmlelves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him,

4 her, or them, or for his, her, or their Benefit, either publickly or privately, to deal in Brandy, without

4 first taking out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner therein-after mentioned, before he, (he, or they

f 4 should so deal in Brandy, for which Licence he, (he, or they should immediately, on taking out thereof,

4 pay down for the fame the Sum of five Pounds: And whereas no pecuniary Penalty is by Law provided

, 4 for or imposed on Persons guilty of Offences contrary to the said recited Clause, and it is expedient that

4 such pecuniary Penalty should be provided and imposed be it therefore enacted, That, from and after

v the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, no Person or Persons who now doth

or do, or at any Time hereafter shall deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer or Rerailers, nor a Redifier or Rec-

tifiers, nor a Distiller or Distillers duly licensed, shall prelume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other

; Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, cither publickly

or privately, to deal in Brandy, without first taking out such a Licence for that Purpose in Manner

in that Behalf directed in and by the said Act; and if, from and after the said tenth Day of October

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, any Person or Persons who now doth or do, or at any Time

hereafter shall deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer or Retailers, Redifier or Redifiers, or a Distiller or

Distillers* shall presume, by him. her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever

employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, cither publickly or privately, to deal in

Brandy,

44 Ge*. 3.

Srir. a. c. 41.

recited.

From ©&. 1 Of

1789, Per suns

de.ling in

Uriody without

being licensed

according to re-

cited Act, rot

being Retailer*

Redifier*, or

Distiller*, to

forfeit look

