556

freamblt*

From Aug. x, 17^9,the

fallowing a<2ri:c>rul

Duties to be paid cn

Lrobites of \Villc, Ac,

For every $k:n, Ac*

where the Estate is 300L

or upwards, 20s.

Where 6col. or vp«

w«r<j$, il. ion.

Where T.ocol* and up-

wards, 5!.

Where 2,ooool. and up-

wards, 81. tos..

and where 5,0001. and

upwards, j 3 I. 10?.

For every Receipt for a

Legacy,or for a Share of

a Pei tonal Eflatc divided

iirder the Statu*e of

Lilributiooi, to the

Amount of 4C0I. an

additional L)»rv of 209* ]

and for every further

Sum cf 100I. a like

additional Duty of aos,

Thi* Act not to extend

to the Wills of Sailors or

Soldier? (lain or dyint; in

his Majesty’s Service j

nor to Legacies to the

Wile, Children, or

Gnod childien of the

TefUcor*

Da’ies to I e under the

Mar>*gem:nt of the

Commiiiicnets ot

Stamps*

One Stamp may b? pro-

vided to denote the

former and the present

Du.id.

Vellum, &c. liable to

the Duties, to be (lamp-

ed before wiittcn upon*

C. 51. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1789.

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills,

Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Perfjnal

Estate divided by force of the Statute ot Distnbucions*

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 t T/E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament

4 V V assembled, towards’rainng the necvfiary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s Pubuck Expences, have

4 resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties he rein-after mentioned •/ and do inuft hu ably

be leech your ivbjesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's must Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament ahbmbled, and by the Authority of tnc lame. That, from and after the fi.'ft Day of one th'/a-

far.d seven hundred and eighty-nine. Merc Iliad be ra.lcd, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kir.gdu.ii

of Great Brituiu, u;uo end fur the Uie of his Abjesty, iiis Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties tal-

lowing ; that is to fiy,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum cr Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be en-

grofled, written, or printed, any Probate of a W ill, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate oforaxrve

the Value of three hundred Pounds, over and above ail other Rates and Duties already imposed ihereou,

there shall be charged an additional Duty of twenty Shillings; and wneie the Estate is of or above the

Value of six hundred Pounds, a further additional Duty of thirty Shillings; and where the Estate is of or

above the Value of one thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of two Pounds ten Shillings; and where

the Eflatc is of or above the Value of two thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of three Pounds ten

Shillings ; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of five thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty

of five Pounds t

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be en-

grafted, written, or printed, any Receipt, or other Discharge given for any Legacy left by any Will, or other

reftamentary Instrument, or for any Share of a Pet fonal Estate divided or distributed by force of the Stature

of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, the Amount whereof shall be four hundred

Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings; ar.d upon every further Sum

of one hundred Pounds, so left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Part or Share of

a Personal Estate divided or distributed by force of -the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any

Province or Place, a like additional Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings.

Provided that nothing in tills Act contained shall extend to charge the Probate of any Will, or Letters of

Administration, of any Common Seaman or Soldier who shall be llain or die in his tVIajesty’s Service, a

Certificate being produced from the Captain of the Ship or Veftel, or Captain of the Trcop or Company,

under whom such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, and Oath made of the Truth thereof

before the proper Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted, wh ch

Oath such Judge or Olficer is hereby required and author iicd to administer, and for which no Fee or Reward

shall be taken.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with

the additional Duties by this Act imposed, any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Inftiuracnt,

or distributed by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, which he

so devised or distributed to or amongst the Wife, Children, or Grand-children of the Person making such

Will or Testamentary Instrument.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, for the more efficlual levying, col-

lecting, and paying all the said Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government,Care,

and Management of the Commissioners for the 1 iir.e being appointed to manage the Duties charged on

damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, arc hereby required and im-

powered to employ the ncccfi'ary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to caale such new Stamps to be

fprovided, to denote the said several new and additional Duties respectively, as thall be requisite in thru be-

lalf, and to do all other Things neectfary to be done for putting this Act in execution, with relation to ne

said several Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they, cr tie

major Part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former. Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parca-

meat, or Paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Mu’ti-

plication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on wn en

several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it fl.ail and may be lawful for the find CoDm l-

sioners, instead of distinct Stamps to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, and Far cr,

charged therewith, to cause, if they fee Occasion, one new Stamp to be'provkitd to denote the former Du-

ties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Pa.eumeiH, or Sheet or i uccof

Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, hbi:

to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the fame shall be engroiicd, printed, or written upon, be cioj^.t

10 "to

