36 7

A.D. 1787, Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 31.

that Behalf, from fixing such Locks or Faftcnings in such Manner as the said Officers {hall judge mod

rffedlual to answer the rurnofes by this Act intended ; or in locking, {baling, or securing the fame; or shall

open ai>y such Furnace, Copper, Pan, Utensil, Dipping-mould, or Door, after the lame (hill have been

locked, firaled, fattened, or iectired, as aforesaid, before the fame shall have been unlocked and opened by the

Officer of Excise ; or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal, or Fattening, every such Maker

or Makers, or other Person or Persons so oftl-nding, shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit the Sum of one

hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time there shall be on the

Premises, in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Candles, any Mould cr Moulds proper

to be madcufe of for the Purpose of making Mould Candles, not locked up and secured as is in that Behalf

herein-before directed, unless after due Notice given as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cafe, every such

• Maker or Makers shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

* tilled. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch ; and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties, it was

4 enacted, That, from and after the End of three Months after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-six, all Starch not being stamped as by the said Act is directed, and all loose

4 Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, and all Scrapings of Starch which

4 should be found in the Possession of any Starch-maker, or of any other Person for the Use of such Maker

4 or Dealer, or thatlhould beYound removing or removed by Land or by Water, should be forfeited, and

4 might be seized by any Officer for the said Duties, together with the Chest, Cask, Sack, or other Package

4 containing the fame, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, made

4 use of in removing the fame : And whereas it was intended that all Starch not bein<» ftarnped as by the said

4 Act is directed, and all loose Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, and all Scrap-

4 ings of Starch which should be found in the Possession of any Dealer in Starch, should be forfeited j* be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Starch net being stamped as by the said Act is directed, and all

loose Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, and all Scrapings of Starch which shall

be found in the Possession of any Starch-maker or Dealer in Starch, or of any other Person for the Use of such

Maker or Dealer, or that shall be found removing or removed by Land or by Water, shall be forfeited, to-

gether with the Chest, Cask, Sack, or other Package containing the fame, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or

other Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, made use of in the Removal thereof, and shall and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIV. 4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 tituled. An Act for regulating the Production of Mamfjh, and for more cffftually preventing fraudulent

4 Pra ft ices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clan define relanding of Goods, it was provided,

4 That Beer exported mould be subject to certain Regulations and Rcftridtions in the said recited Act con-

4 tained: And whereas it is expedient to provide that Beer exported shall be no longer subject to the

4 Provisions of the said Act be it therefore enacted. That none of the Powers, Provisions, and Regula-

tions, contained in the said Act, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to the Exportation of

Beer, but that Beer shall and may be exported according to the Laws which were in force at and imme-

dia ely before the Time of patting the said Act; and that all Drawbacks and Bounties 'which would have been

due or payable for or in respect of any Beer which has been exported to foreign Parts since the first Day of

Aluguft one thoufar.d seven hundred and eighty-six, if the*said Act had not been made, shall and may be paid

ana allowed in the same Manner as the fame would have been payable or allowable if the said Act had not

been made ; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV* 4 And whereas by the said Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, certain Oaths are re-

4 qaired to be taken by Persons who export to foreign Parts from Great Britain any Goods whatever, which

4 arc entitled either to Drawback or Bounty upon Exportation : And whereas no Power is given by the said

4 Act to the Collectors or other Officers of Excise, in Cafes where any Goods intended to be exported upon

4 Drawback or Bounty are subject to any Duty of Excise, or other Duty under the Management of the

4 said Commissioners of Excise respectively, to administer the said Oaths required to be taken by the said

4 Act,'and it is expedient that such Power should be given be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That in all Cafes where any Goods intended to be exported upon Drawback or Bounty shall be subject

to any Duty of Excise, or other Duty under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise reflec-

tively, the respective Oaths required by the said Act to be taken upon the Exportation thereof, shall and may

be taken before the respective Collectors, or other Officers of Excise, appointed for that Purpose, who is

and are hereby authorised to administer the fame.

XXVI. And be it further declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules,

Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and

by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfh intituled, An

Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa

Pajle, imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof \ and for prohibiting the Importation

of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Pajle 5 and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and

Cocoa Nuts, imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl c/Carnwath; or in any other Act

or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties upon Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, in force at the Time of the passing

of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the

several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Ditties in lieu thereof; and also sever a I Duties on

inhabited Houses } and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee \ and for repealing the Inland Duties of

Excifi

IMWoulls ire

HOT lock pa U!»,

the Candle-

roaker 10 forfeit

tool.

16 Geo. 3. c 51*

1 ceiled.

Starch not

stamped agree-

able to the re-

cited A^f

loose Starch, ex-

ceeding a8 lb.

and Scrapings

of Starch found

in the Possession

of a Dealer, or

removing, to be

forfeited, &€• /

16 Geo. 3. c. 40.

recited 3

and the Regula-

tion! therein not

to extend toJBeer

exported, such

Drawbacki,&c»

on which, as

would have been

due since Aug.r,

1786, may be

paid.

Officers of the

Excise may ad*

minister the re-

cessary Oaths on

the Exportation

of Goods entitled

to Drawbacks or

Bounties.

The Powers m

force 00 passing

24 Geo. 3.C, 38.

to extend to the

securing the

Duties thereby

repealed 3

