A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C, 81. 181

said Act granted for every hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, commonly called Haber-

dine, is or shall be payable by force or virtue thereof; and the said Bounty of five Shillings per hun-

dred shall henceforth be discontinued and repealed, and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the said

Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his-said late Majesty King George the First, or any other Act or Acts,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on all Barrels and Casks in which any Fifti whatsoever (except

fresh Fish), shall, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be

packed or put up, either for Lxportation or Home Consumption, the respective Names of the Curers of such

rish shall be marked and burnt with Iron, in fair, large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Cnarafters;

and that every Barrel or Calk in which any Fish (except fresh Fish) shall, from and after the '1'imc aforesaid,

be packed or put up, and which shall not have the Name of the Curer thereof marked and burnt as aforesaid,

shall and may be seized and secured, by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Culloms; and upon due

Proof of the Fact being made, on Oath, before any one of his Majesty’s Julhces of the Peace, every such

Barrel or Cask shall, together with the Fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Staves of every Barrel, in which any White Herrings or

wet White Fish shall, from and alter the said first Day of 'June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-leven,

be packed or put up for Exportation, shall not be of a lefsThicknefs at the Bulge than Half an Incn, and that

every such Barrel shall be full bound, and that every Barrel in which such Fifti shall be so packed or put up,

and which shall be found to be of less Thickness than as aforesaid, or not full bound, shall and may be seized

and secured by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs; and upon due Proof of the raft being

made, on Oath, before any one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, shall, together with the Fish therein

contained, be forfeited and lost.

XIX. And, for the better Encouragement of the Fisheries, be it further enacted. That every Person

who shall, for the Space of seven successive Years, have followed the Occupation of a Seaman or Fisher-

man, on board of any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fisheries of Great Britain (being a married Man),

may set up and exercise any such Trade as he is apt and able for, in any Town or Place within the

Kingdom of Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of any Person or Persons whomsoever,

for or by reason of the using of such Trade, as freely, and with the fame Provisions, and under the fame

Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain

called England, as any Mariner or Soldier may do, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers*

Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty’s Service since his Accejjton to the Throne, to exercise

Trades.

XX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

to and for any Person or Persons to carry, from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain,

to any other Port or Place in the said United Kingdom, for Home Consumption, any Red Herrings or

White Herrings, or any Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tulk, or other White Fish, cured with Salt, made in any

Part of Great Britain,

4 XXI. And whereas the Salt, used in the Cure of Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tulk, and other White

• Fish, taken on the Coasts of this Kingdom, and removed for Home Consumption (save only for the Cure

4 of Ling and Hake, taken by the Crews of Veifeis employed in the White Herring Fiflieiy during their

4 Continuance at Sea), is subject to the Payment of the Salt Duties; and, by reason such Duties are con-

4 (iderably iefs in Scotland than in England, it is just and necessary that a Duty should be paid upon the

4 Importation into England, for Home Consumption, of Cod, Ling, Hake, Salmon, and other White

• Fish, cured in Scotland with Home-made Salt, for which the Duties payable in Scotland for Home-made

• Salt have been there paid or secured, in order to make the said Duties payable in Scotland on Home-made

4 Salt used in the curing of such Fish, equal to the Duties payable on Home-made Salt used in England

4 in the Cure of such Fish for Home Consumptionbe it therefore further enacted. That the several Kates

and Duties, which by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are

made payable on the Importation into England of Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tu(k, and other White Fish, cured

with Salt made in Scotland, for which the Duty hath been there paid or secured, shall be continued, and the

fame or the like Rates and Duties shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be extended to, and shall be paid

and payable for, all Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tusk, and other White Fish, brought from Scotland into any

Port or Place in England for Home Consumption, cured in Scotland with Salt made in any Part of Great Bri-

tain^ for which the Duty hath been paid or secured; and that the several Provisions, Regulations, and Re-

ftiiftions, in the said Act contained or thereby prescribed, for the Entry and Clearance of such Salmon, Cod,

Ling, Hake, Tusk, and other White Ei(h, cured with Salt made in Scotland, and for the Importation and

Removal thereof, and for t!ie Payment and feuring the Duties thereby granted in respect thereof, and the

several Penalties thereby inflifttd for any Breach, Disobedience, or Non-observance of the said Provisions and

Regulations, shall be observed, performed, and enforced, in respect to the Rates and Duties hereby granted,

in the same Manner as if the fame were here repeated and re-enacted ; any Thing herein-before contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to

and for any Person or Persons to carry from any Port or Place in the said United Kingdom of Great Britain,

to any other Port or Place in the said United Kingdom, for Exportation to foreign Parts, any Red Herrings

or White Herrings, or any Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, or other White Fife, the Owner of the Fish, or

Mailer of the Vessel, making Oath beforg the Chief Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy (who is hereby

required

-If after Oft. T,

1786, Fish be

packed in Calks*

not branded with

the Curers

Names, to be

forfeited.

After June t,

17?7, the Stares

of B rrel* in

which whire

Herrings are

packed for Ex-

portation mud

be Half an Inch

thick, and full

bound, or for-

feited.

1’erfons who

have served as

Seamen, or Fish-

ermen, 7 Years

in the Fisheries,

inti tied to the

Privileg-s grant-

ed determined by %i Geo. i.

c* 44*

Fish eared with

British Salt may

be exported from

one Port to an-

other in the

United King*

dom for Home

Consumption.

Duties payable

by 39 Geo. s.

c. 13. on the

Importation of

Fish cured with

Salt made in

Scotland, to be

extended to im-

ported Fish cured

with Salt made

in any Parr of

Great Britain,

and the Regula-

tions of that Act

extended to this.

Fish may be

earned from one

P. rt to another

in Britain for

Exportation on

Oath being

made that they

