From May to#

«y&7, ike Redn

anac ie4 to tl e

two Books of

Ratet oha

€u. %. and 11

Geo. i. to b«

repealed.

FHh caught by

any Vessels built

in his Majesty’s

Dominions, and

owned by his

Majesty’s Eu-

ropean Subje£l%

may be import-

ed without pay-

irg any Duty.

If Goods on

which Dutiee

are payable ac-

cording to their

Weighty Sic,

should be da-

maged on the

Voyage, a pro-

portionable Al-

lowance cur of

the Duties shall

be paid to the

Merchant, to be

ascertained. as

herein Ajfcfted.

Goods to contl*

nue to be laden

•nd* unladen,

and Officers of

the Customs to

attend at the

fame Hours, and

the fame Fees to

be received, as

now established

by Law.

From May io,

1787. the pre-

sent Duties of

Excite to ceate,

except in certain

Instances j

bftd in lieu

thereof there

shall be levied

.he Duties spe-

Gr jgv Ailnp; vieellmo feptinto Geo slqhIII. A?D> 1*7 $7.

1 dot Entries and just Payments of their Customsj as of the Officers in all the Ports* of, this Kingdom-in th?

faithful Discharge of their Duty ; and those annexed to the said Book of ^tes made in the said eleventh

* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, under the Title or Head of Rules, Orders.

1 and Regulations : And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be repealed,:' Be it therefore ena&ea

by the Authority aforesaid, That# from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-seven, the several Rules, Orders, Directions, and Regulations, annexed to the said twp Books of

Rates, and every Thing therein contained, shall be repealed $ and the fame are hereby repealed, and de-

clared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except such Part or Parts thereof as are re-

enacted in this Act. , *

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fresh Fish of every Kind or Sort

whatever, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean, by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great

Britain, Ireland, the Blands of jersey, Guernsey*, or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands,

or Territories, which now belong, or at the rime of building such Ships or Vessels did belong, or which

may hereafter belong to, or be in the Pofloflion of, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and wholly-

belonging to and owned by his Majesty’s Subjedfcs usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands

of Guernfy, jferjey, or Man, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported

into Great Britain, in Ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of'any

Duty of Customs whatever; any Thing in this A t\ contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith^-

standing.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize whatever, on which speciftck Duties are payable by this Act> according to the Weight, Tale,

Gauge, or Measure thereof, and which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from foreign Parts,

after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven (except Wine, Tobacco, Raisins,

and Currants), shall receive any Damage by Salt Water or otherwise, during the Course of the Voyage,

after such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been laden or shipped in foreign Parts, and before the

fame shall be unshipped or discharged from the Ship or Vessel in which they shall be imported into Great

Britain, so that the Owner thereof* shall be prejudiced in the Sale of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

the principal Officers of the Customs, or any two of them, whereof the Collector for the Time being,shall

be one (the Proof of such Damage being first ascertained in the Manner required by Law, on and imo>e-

diately before thp. tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven), shall hav£ Power to

choose two indiffcreiU Merchants^ experienced in the Values of such Goods, Ware$, or Merchandize, who.

upon.viewingnhe-feme shall certify and declare, ,-upon their corporal Qaths, first admii)ifteretj by the said

Officers ( who are hereby authored and empowered to administer die fame), what Dapiagg fpph Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, have received# and much the fame are lessened in their true V;alu^y according

to such Damage, in relation to the Duties set on them in the Schedule hereunto apnexed marked (A.); .and'

thereupon the proper Officers shall, a*nd $hey are hereby ^uthori(ed and required.,;© make a just, rqafooable,

and proportionable Allowance to the Merchant, r by way,of Return or Repayment Out of the Duties due

and which shall have been actually paid.for the fame. , .

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in fbU

Act contained shall extend, or be construed to* extend, to permit or allow anfy Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize to be laden or. unladen at any other Places, or at any other Times or Houfs than is nowiby Law

allowed, nor to alter or vary the lawful Hours for the Attendance of the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs

respectively, nor to alter, vary, repeal, or in, any Refpedi encrease the Fees established by Law to the

Officers of his Majesty’s Customs ; but the fame shall, and are hereby declared to continue and remain

severally and respectively as they were on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thoofarid (even

hundred and eighty-seven.

XXXV. And be it further Cnadted by the Authority aforesaid; That, from and after the tenth Day of

May one, thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and Angular the Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and

Drawbacks of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England

and Scotland respectively, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and also the additional

Jmpofts or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the .said several Duties, shall cease and deter-

mine, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof

respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penal-

ties, or f orfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on

the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and further, save and except the

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by two several A As of Parliament, made in the

twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act for

continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six \ and the other, An Act for continuing and granting to his

Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year omt housand seven

hundred and eighty-seven ; and save also and further except the Rates or Duties payable for any Licence or

Licences which the said Commissioners of Excise, or any or either of them, or the"Collectors, Supervisors,

or Officers of Excise, or any of them, are Or have been, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and

immediately before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty*»even, authorised or

empowered to grant.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from *n*after the said tenth Day

of Mat one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties of Excise, ana ’

other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respe&iYcly, by this A & repealed,

there

