201

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 87.

the Title of Commissioners for the Land Revenue* and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies

by this Act direcded to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have

contracted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any Rent or Rents, the

said Commissioners shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof a Certificate under their Hands,

specifying the Rent or Rents so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the

fame; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, {hall, upon the Production of Inch Certificate, ac-

cept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot

of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and the said Certi-

ficate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, and be by

him forthwith enrolled in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, separate and apart from the

other Bunnefs and Proceedings of his Office; and the said Auditor, having enrolled the said Certificate and

Receipr as aforesaid, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the

Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately alter such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the rc-

speitive Purchasers of such Rents, and their Heirs or Successors, (bail, by force of this A<ff, be adjudged,

deemed, and taken to he in the actual Sciiin and Pofidlion of the Rents (o by them respectively pm dialed,

and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and

Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons

lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, or any of his Majesty’s Royal Ancestors or Predecelior^,

or by, from, or unuer the said Trustees, or any of them, or the Heirs of the Survivor of them, and of and

from all Manner of Incumbrances wharlbever, heretofore made or charged upon the lame Rents, and as fully

and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or fcucceilbrs, might or could have held

or enjoyed the fame; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advan-

tage for the Recovery thereof, given or allowed to the Purchasers of Rents in and by the said recited Acts of

the twenty-second and twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King

Charlks the Second, in as large and ample Manner and Form as if such Purchales had been made of, and

the said Rents conveyed by, the Trustees appointed or authorised in and by or under and by virtue of the

Cmie Acts, or either of them.

4 XV. And whereas some of the said Rents hereby directed to be sold are greatly in Arrear, and the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, out of which the fame are ilfuing, may have been purchased or come

4 into the Hands of the present Owners of the said Lands and Hereditaments, without their having had the

4 Means of knowing or being apprised of the said Rents and Arrears payable for the fame be it therefore

further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, with the Con-

fentand Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time

being, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to accept such pecuniary Compensation of the Persons

who shall become Purchasers of any Rent or Rentfc in Arrear, as, under all the Circumstances of the Cafe,

shall be equitable and just, so that such Composition be not less than the Amount of the Arrear or Arrears of

Rent which shall have accrued from the present Owners respectively of the Lands, Tenements, and Possessions,

out of which, or in respect whereof, such Rent or Rents are or may be i (filing or payable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates to be granted by the said CommiIboners, on the Sale

of any Rent or Rents as aforesaid, {hall be expressed in the Words following, or as near thereto as may be ;

(that is to say),

44 TJ Y the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.—Thefe are to certify, That the said Commissioners have

44 u contracted and agreed with A. B. for the Sale to him of all that Rent of

44 issuing and payable out of [briefly describing the Lands or Hereditaments chargeable], now or late payable

M by at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful

44 Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A. B. into the Bank of England, in the Name of the said

44 Commissioners. [Andin the Cafe offubfijling Lease, then the Words following are to be addedJ subject ne-

44 vertheless to a Leale thereof, granted under the Great Seal of Great Britain [or9 the Seal of his Majesty’s

44 Exchequer, as the Caje may be], bearing Date the Day of one thousand

44 seven hundred and unto for a Term of Years

44 which will expire on or about the Day of.

44 Given under the Hands of the said Commissioners, the Day of

Which said Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Com-

missioners of the Land Revenue, by one ol their principal Clerks or other Officers: And that the Recipts to

be given or subscribed by the Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate re-

fpcctively as aforesaid,shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to

lay),

44 1} Eceived the

44 ^ of and from

Day of one thousand seven hundred

I from A\ B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Con-

44 sideration Money expressed in the above [or within] written Certificate.

44 Witness my Hand,

44 (Signed) E. F. Caftiier.”

26 Geo. III.

D d

Which

Cink, wh > are

to rccc ve thr

Purchase

a< <J gran* Ke-

ceipis for til?

f.or.e c n th<* Ctr-

t ficaUr, w hi: h

being 2urc llrd,

vuth the Audi-

for of the Lind

Rrvence, is 10

give rciT'iii.ia of

ihc Kent*.

Commissioner*

may compound

for Arrears, but

not for a less

Sum than is due

by the present

Owner* of

Lands.

Certificate to be

granted on the

Sale of Rents at

follows.

Form of Certifi-

cate.

Certificates to be

witnessed.

Form of Receipt

to be given by

the Cashier of

the Bun*.

