574

Corn Inspector

may be paid an

additional Sa-

lary of So 1.

The Avenge

Prices Torn ed

from the week-

ly Returns to be

deemed the

commnn Price

of midcling Bri-

ti fh Corn witi in

I.oncon, Essex,

Kent,andSu(Tex#

Average Pri.es

to be published

in the Gaze te,

and ceitified to

the Collector of

the Customs in

London, who ia

to trarfnii Co-

pies thee »f to

the (VHeftors at

the Ports in

ifft x, Ken?, and

Surtax, when

foreign Corn

may be import-

ed.

When, from the

Returns, it >p•

pears the Price

of any Kind of

Grain enume-

rated in the re-

cited Act is at

nr above the

Price specified

in 13 Geo. 3.

c. 43. it may be i

Inspector of

Corn Rc’umsto

send to the Col-

lector of the

Customs in Lon

don, who is to

transmit Copta*

to the Colleton

in Eltax, Kent,

and SnfTex, the

Week’s Account

Pe is direct *d to

fjlce, which is

te be the Guide

for the Bounty

to te paid on the

Exportation of

Corn.

From Nov. t,

1789, the In-

fseftor of Com

Returns to mnlce

-up from the fix

, weekly Ac-

counts Jirecrd-

iag each Sessions

of the l'e.ice for

London, the ge-

neral Aggregate

Quantity and

Price of Corn

(Oats excepted)

fold in that Pc*

vied, &c.

C. 58. Anno vicesimo nono Georg 11 III. A. D. 1789.

ceeding eighty Pounds per Annum more than he is at present allowed, as the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Justices of the Peace, at any Quarter Sessions held for the City of Londony shall order and direct, out of

the Monies that shall be collected and received by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the general Average Prices of British

Corn or Grain, so thereby formed, computed, and distinguished, on the whole Number of weekly States

or Returns, shall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the common Price of middling British

Corn or Grain, of the respective Sorts therein mentioned, in and during the Time to which the said Ge-

neral Average Prices shall refer, as well within the City of London, and Port thereof, as within the fe-

veral Ports, Towns, and Places within the Counties of EJJexy Kent, and SuffcXy wherein foreign Com or

Grain of the said respective Sorts may be imported ; and which said general Average Prices, it shall he

lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of and for the said City, and they

are hereby required to cause to be published in the London Gazette, once in each of the four several Weeks

immediately succceding such Sessions respectively ; the Expences of which Publication shall and may be paid

out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the said Inlbedtor of Corn Returns, by virtue of the said recited Act;

and also immediately to certify the fame unto his Majesty’s Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs

for the Time being for the Port of the said City of Londony who shall thereupon transmit a Copy or

Copies thereof to the several Collectors and other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, re-

acting in the several Ports, Towns, or Places within the said Counties of Effexy Kenty and SujpXy wiiercin

foreign Corn or Grain of the fame respective Sorts so certified may be imported, a Copy*of which Certificate

shall be hung up in fomc publick Place in the Custom Houses thereto belonging, to which all Persons may

relbrt for their Information ; and whenever it shall appear, from fuel) Returns so published, cr so certified

as aforesaid, that the Prices of all or any of the several Kinds of Grain in the said recited Adfc enumerated

are at or above the respedcive Prices specified in an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn)y then, and in such Cafe, it shall be

lawful to import, at any Port or Place where Corn hath been usually, or may be imported, within the City

of London and Port thereof, and the said Counties of EJfixy Kenty and Sussex, all such Species of Corn and

Grain as shall be so certified to be at or above such Rates as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Duties com-

monly called or known by the Name of the Low Duties ; and the Duties and Customs payable and to be

paid as aforesaid, on the Importation of foreign Corn or Grain of the several Sorts therein mentioned,

shall be collected and paid according to such general Average Prices so published in the London Gazette,

or so certified as aforesaid, and by no other Rule, Regulation, or Provision whatsoever; any Thing in

this or the said last recited Act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywifenot-

withstanding.

mported into London, Eflcx, Kent, and Suftax, on Payment of the Low Duties.

4 V. And whereas, by the fiiJ recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, it is

4 enacted. That the Bounties shall be paid on any British Corn exported, according to a subsequent Re-

4 turn; whereby Inconveniencies and belays have arisen to the Exporters be it therefore enacted. That

the said Infpcdtor of Corn Returns shall, every Week, feud to his Majesty’s Collector or other Chief

Officer of the Customs for the Time being, for the City of London and Port thereof (who shall thereupon

transmit a Copy or Copies thereof to the several Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the

'Lime being at the several Ports, Towns, and Places, within the Counties of E//ex, Kenty and Sijjex),

the Week’s Account which by this Act he is directed to take in Manner before mentioned; and whenever

any British Corn or Grain shall be exported from the said City of London and Port thereof, or from any

Port, Town, or Id ace within the said Counties of Ejlixy Ktut, and Sajjixy the Entry for Exportation

may be made, and the Bounty thereon (hull be ascertained, regulated, and paid, according to the weekly

Average of the Price of such Corn and Grain within the said City and Port, as the fame shall appear fro®

the Accounts hereby directed to be transmitted to the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs

respectively, by the said Infpcdtorof Corn Returns, Until a new Average shall be so formed and transmitted

to such Collectors or other Chief Officers, and by them received.

4 VI. And whereas the Term of three Months, limited by the said recited Act, hath been foundto he too

€ long for properly ascertaining the Average Prices of Corn and Grain (except Oats) for the Purpose of

4 determining the Expediency of allowing the Importation thereof at the Port of Londony and the several

4 Ports and Places within the Counties of Essex, Kenty and Suffix \ be it therefore further enabled by the

Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-nine, the Inspector of Corn Returns for the Time being shall and may, and he is hereby required to

make up, compute, and distinguish from and upon the fix weekly Accounts immediately preceding each

and every Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of Londony which he is by the said rrcited

A(ft directed and required to keep, the general Aggregate Quantity, and Price thereof, of each respeefive

Sort of British Corn or Grain (Oats only excepted) that shall appear to have been bona fide fold or deli-

vered in and during the said fix several Weeks, and also the Average Prices thereof respectively; and the

fame being made up, formed, and computed in Manner and Form by the said recited Act prescribed for

the quarterly Returns by him required to be made, shall deliver to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Justices, of the Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the City of Londony whenever such Se/fions shall be

held, and shall also verify the feme upon Oath in such ana the feme Manner as by the kid recited Acts

prctcribed.

VII. And

C oole

