A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 48, 49. ' 57

iind himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he, (he, or they. Appeal may be

shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together

with such Colts as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the r e lon,#

Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein the Of-

fence was committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally

to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for

such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall

fern meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sum- witnesse* ne-

moned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any 7?

of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, cn * 01 CIt 10

and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without reason-

able Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by fuchjustice or Justices of the

• Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such

Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is

herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XX. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful to and for thfe said Justice, where he shall fee juftk*tm*ymi*

Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs of the Officers and ligate FcnaUic^

Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above

such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation ao not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties

incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges ; any Thing in this AQ contained to the contrary not-

withdanding; and no such Con vision shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or Times be filed, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

foinceof this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and

mayplead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon General

thcTrial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited,

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or .them against such Plaintiff or Treble Cofty

Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder,

and other Articles therein mentioned s and on .Licences to he taken out by Persons

uttering or vending the fame.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

‘ 117 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje£ls, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preimble*

4 VV assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty’s most gracious Sj>eech

* to both Houses of Parliament, recommending the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the

4 National Debt; and your faithful Commons being desirous of attaining that deferable Ohjeft, by the most

4 easy and effectual Means, have, towards that Purpose, resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the

1 several new Rates and Duties upon the several Wares and other Articles herein after mentioned: And to

4 that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, From July

from and after the fifth Day of July*one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, *7%?* the (°*~

collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his b°wt^dD2^e*

Heirs and Successors, the several new Rates and Duties following, upon the several Wares and other Articles powder*,

herein after mentioned; (that is to fav,) &c. vi*

That fer and uppn every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Powders, Pastes,

Bails, Balsams, Ointments, Oils, Waters, Washes, Tin<£hircs, Essences, Liquors, or other Preparation

or Composition whatsoever, commonly called, known, or distinguished, by the Name of Sweet Scents^

0<kurt> or Perfumes; or by the Name of Cofmeticksy used or to be used by any Person or Persons as Sweet

Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cofmeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, in Great

Britain, mixed or unmixed with other Materials or Ingredients, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty ac-

cording to the Rates herein after exnrelfed ; and also, that for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial,

or other Inclosure, containing any Dentifrice, Powders, Tindiures, or other Preparation or Composition

whatsoever for the Teeth or Gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain,

there shall be charged a Stamp-duty, according to the like Rates herein after cxpiefled ; and that for and

noon every Roll, Cake, or Piece, Packet, Box, Pot, or other Inclosure of, or containing any Pomatum,

Ointment, or other Preparation or Composition for the Hair, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed

tP Sale, in Great Britain, there ftuTll.be charged a Stamp-duty, according to the like Rates herein after ex-

pressed; and also, that for and upon every Packet, or other Inclosure, containing any Hair Powder, which

shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sstfe. in Great Britain.* the Price whereof shall exceed two Shillings

26 Geo. HI. * J foe

