397

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 62— 67.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford; for vesting the

Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging the Chapel Yard; and other Purposes.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary Wanjlede, alias Wand cad, in the County

Of EJJ'ex.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Pertjea, in the County

of Southampton»

CAP. LXV.

An Act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by his Majesty to the Royal College and

Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund

for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their

Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation,

and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into

Execution.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens, within the Hamlet of Martin, in

the Parish of Timber-land, and within the Parish of Blankncy, in the County of Lincoln; and for drain-

ing and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankncy,

and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankncy.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and

Lanes, of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent} and in the several Parishes

of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town, Port, and

County; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances,

in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said Town and

Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven; and for re-

gulating the Births and Mooring Places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to

l>afs through the said Bridge.

boogie

