A. D. 1787. Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 13; 279

thorifed, empowered, and required, as often as such Life Annuities shall fell in, or any Annuities for Terms count of Annoi-

of Years, payable at the said Receipt of Exchequer or the Hank of England, granted by any A<St or Acts of ties Mien in by

Parliament whatsoever, Tor Payment of Annuities for Lives or Terms of Years, shall determine, pursuant to D«.a,k* °J un-

the Directions contained therein, to cause such Annuity or Annuities to be paid to the Governor and Coin- ym™ ^to the*^

pany of the Bank of England, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, and of the afore- iwiry0, who

mentioned Act of the last Session of Parliament, for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of arttoceafc the

every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt* fame to be placed

to the Account of the said* Commissioncmr

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

at any future Time appear, and demand any Annuity so paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, as aforesaid, to which such Person or Persons is or are, or would have been, entitled, if this Act

had not been passed, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due and owing to him, her,. or them,

shall be immediately paid, out of any Money remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer, that may be applied

for the Payment of any Annuities on Lives, or for any other Annuities payable there.

If any Claimintr

of Annuities fe>

appropriated

flLuld thereafter

appear, they are

to be paid out of

any Money ap-

plicable for the Payment of Annuities

AHClaofet and

Provifoea con*

tamed in any

Ada relating t#*

the Publick

Debt, except

hereby alteredf.

to continue

force.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the Clauses and Provisoes

contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, whether those relating to the several and respective Annuities,

and other Charges afore-mentioned, which were made payable and transferable at the Bank of England, or

to such Annuities and other Sums as are payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

land in their own Right, in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money advanced by them for the Use of the

PuMick, or otherwise, or to the Annuities payable to the said Company of Merchants of Great Britain

trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, or to the United Company of Merchants trading to the

East Indies, or to the several and respective Annuities for Lives or Terms of Years, payable at the Exche-

quer, and the Charges and Expences attending the fame, shall be and remain in full Force and Effibd,

as well with respect to the Notices and Priorities of Redemption of the said several Annuities, as to the

Expences and Charges of Management attending the fame, in all Matters and Things whatsoever, where the

fame shall not have been altered by this Act, or other Provision made in lieu thereof, as fully as if the feme

had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

LXIII. 4 And whereas, by the Directions contained in this Act, the several Taxes, Subsidies, Revenues*.

* and Incomes, composing the Aggregate Fund, will in future become a Part or Parts of the Fund created

4 by this Act, to be called The Conjoiidated Fund; and it is therefore necessary to make Provision, in the first

4 place, for the regular and pundual Payment of the several Annuities and Charges made upon, and payable

4 out of, the said Aggregate Fund, by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of his present

4 Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An A6i for the Support of his Majesty* s Houjehold, and of the Honour and Dig-

4 nity of the Crown ofG reat Britain ; and by one otner Ad of the seventeenth Year of his feid Majesty’s

4 Reign, intituled. An Act for the better Support of his Majesty* s Houjehold9 and of the Honour and Dignity yf

4 the Crown of Great Britain;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the respective Annui-

ties or Annual Rents or Charges of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred thousand Pounds* made

payable out of the said Aggregate Fund, pursuant to the said Acts, shall, from and after the tenth Day of

May one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, be charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and'

payable out of, all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes compohng the said Consolidated Fund, in

the feme Manner as the fame were directed to be and have been paid before the passing of this Act; and that

all the Rules, Authorities, Directions, Powers, Provisions, Reservations, Matters, and Things, contained

> shall continue and

; of Money,

\ of the Payments

to be made in or for any one Quarter do not exceed the fourth Part of the Amount of the annual Sums granted

by the said Acts of the nrft and seventeenth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, to and for the Use of his Majesty’s

Civil Government, as in all other Cafes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as

if the feme were herein repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or

any Clause or Clauses in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

LXIV. 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Msyefty King"

* Charles the Second, intituled,^ Ail for encouraging of Coinage, certain Duties were granted to his Majesty

* upon Wines and other Articles imported, to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to be applied

* to the defraying the Charges and Expences of the Mint, and of the allaying, melting down, Waste, and

* Coinage of Gold and Silver, and for other Purposes in the said Ad mentioned ; which Monies were to be

c issued by Order or Warrant of the High Treasurer, Under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury*

* for the Time being, for the Purposes in the said Act directed: And whereas the Duties upon Wines, granted

* by the said Ad, have been continued by various subsequent Acts, and were made perpetual by an Act of the

* ninth Year of his present Majesty : And whereas the said Duties on Wines are by this present Act done

> away and repealed, and other Duties are.granted in lieu thereof : And whereas by an Act of the twenty-

* seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of

* the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, are empowered and directed to cause so

* much Money, out of the publick Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, to be applied as shall bt

f needfery, for (kfraying.the Expences of the Mints in England and Scotland rdpedively, by way of Imprest,

4 and*

1 Oto. ]. c. U*

snd

17 Geo. 3. c.afi

recited;

»rrd the

800,000). end

ioo,o©o I. pay-

able by those

Act out of the

Aggregate Fund,*

it, from May 10#

1787, to be paid'

out of the Con-

solidated Fuad,

and all the

Powers, Sec,

therein contain--

ed to continue'

ia force.

Recital of Ad*

relative to the

Mint.*

