439

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 36.

troned Act, made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third,

then, and in every such Cafe, the said Sheriff shall reject the said Vote, and shall, upon the original Poll

Book, and opposite to the Name of such Voter, write the Word rejefted” but shall not strike out or erase but not to erase the Bo*

the Kntry or such Vote in the said Poll Book. try of the Vote.

XXIII. 4 And whereas it would be expedient that every Register of Freeholders which shall be kept in

* pursuance of this Act, for any Parish (or District) as aforesaid, should, at all feasonable Times, be accef-

4 fible to every Freeholder as aforesaid, who may apply to have his Name enrolled in such Register of Free-

4 holders;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register of Free- Register to remain with

holders shall always remain in the Custody of the Person who shall act as the Register-keeper for such Parish the Register-keeper.

(or District) for the Time being, and not upon any Occasion or under any Pretence whatever (except as

herein-after excepted) be carried to any Distance from such Parish (or District); and every Copy of any Copy of Enrolment* in

Enrolment or Enrolments in any such original Register of Freeholders as aforesaid, which shall be proved Register to be legal £»i-

upon Oath to be a true and correct Copy, by any Person who shall have carefully examined the fame, shall dencei

be deemed legal Evidence of such Enrolment or Enrolments ; and if in any Cafe no such Copy, examined and also Copy kept by

With the original Register of Freeholders, and proved upon Oath to be a true and correct Copy as afore- Clerk of thepe»c%

said, shall (by any Witness who shall carefully have examined the fame) be produced, then and in such Cafe [snot^uced

the Copy of any Enrolment or Enrolments-which shall by any Clerk of the Peace be kept in pursuance of * c . ° pr ucc

this Act shall be deemed legal Evidence of any such Enrolment or Enrolments : Provided always, That no- Reg'fter may be carried

thing herein contained shall extend, or be conitrued to extend, to prohibit the carrying of any original Regis- •» .MHce, or 10 ihe

ter of Freeholders to any Justice of the Peace for the County (Riding or Division) in the particular Cafes

above specified, or to prohibit the producing of any such Register at any Allizes to be held for the respective

County to which such Register shall belong.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any RrgWcr*,jcc. may be

Person, at all feasonable Times, to resort to, and inspect any Register of Freeholders, or any Attestation iafpe&cd on paying x«.

or Attestations, which shall be kept by any Register-keeper aforesaid: or any Book or Books of Copies

of Enrolments, or any Attestation or Attestations aforesaid, or any Book or Books of Enrolments of

Memorials of Leases, which shall be kept by any Clerk of the Peace in pursuance of this Act; such

Person, previous to any such Inspection, paying to such Register-keeper, or to such Clerk of the

Peace respectively, the Sum of one Shilling for each Inspection of every such Register, or Book or Attef-

tation.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper shall and is Register. keepen t® de-

hereby required to deliver a true and exact Copy or Copies of any Enrolment or Enrolments, or of any liver Copies of Enrol-

Attestation or Attestations in his Custody, unto any Person or Persons who shall demand the lame; ana mmte, or Attentionj*

every Clerk of the Peace aforesaid is hereby required to deliver a true and exact Copy or Copies of any Kfer^pieeof Attestl!"

Attestation, or of any Attestations, or of any Enrolment or Enrolments of Freeholders, or of Memorials t;ong| Enrolment*,'or*

of Leases, in his Custody as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame ; and every of Memorial* of Leak«.

such Copy so delivered by any such Register-keeper, or by any such Clerk of the Peace respectively, shall

be signed by the Register-keeper, or by the Clerk of the Peace delivering the fame ; and such Copy shall

be delivered within a reasonable Time after the fame shall have been demanded ; and such Register-keeper,

or Clerk of the Peace respectively, shall be paid for every such Copy (at the Time the fame shall be de- Fee forCopiei.

manded) at and after the Rate of two Pence for every such Copy of any Freeholder’s Enrolment, and at

the Rate of one Penny for every thirty Words in any such Attestation or Memorial of a Lease; and Copie# of all Enrolment!

all Copies of Enrolments shall be made upon the blank Forms of Enrolments on single Half Sheets 1° be made upon the

mentioned in this Act (or otherwise; provided always that the said Copies be in the Form of the original b an orm,#

Enrolment). '

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper aforesaid {hail, Register-keeper to apply

and he is hereby required to take care to be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of blank Forms t* the clerk of the Peace

of Enrolments aforesaid ; and if at any Time he shall have but few such left, or if any Register of Free- £hen "«nt* hI*Bk

holders for any Parish (or District) as aforesaid shall be materially damaged, or if fudi Register shall be clerk of thVpeaee'o

nearly filled with Enrolments, then and in any such Cafe the Register-keeper shall and is hereby required fumiOi them on Ap?ii-

to request the Clerk of the Peace for the County (Riding or Division) to provide him with such blank cation.

Forms, or with a new Register (as the Cafe may require); and such Clerk of the Peace, upon receiving

any such Application, shall and is hereby required forthwith to deliver, or safely transmit, to such Register-

keeper a sufficient Number of such blank Forms, or a new Register as aforesaid; and every such new

Register shall be made of the Form and in the Manner aforesaid ; and in every such new Register shall be

contained a Copy of this Act, printed by the King’s Printer as above directed : And every such Clerk of Clerk of the Pe*ce to

the Peace shall and is hereby required to take care to be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of w«k°Formi and

the said blank Forms, and with a sufficient Number of such new Registers as aforesaid. Regirten.

XXVIi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (in order to ascertain the Number clerk of the Peice, pro-

of Districts.which shall be deemed Parishes, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act) the Clerk of ?ious to October 178?,

the Peace for every County (Riding or Division) aforesaid, shall, previous to the Month of October one to nuke out a List of

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, make out a full, exact, accurate, and complete Lift, which DUnft io the

shall contain every District within such respective County (Riding or Division), whether Parish, Township, County*

Quarter, Hamlet, parochial Chapelry, Conttablewick, or other, for which a separate and distinct Collector,

or joint Collectors of the Land Tax is Or are now appointed; and every Receiver General of the Land sand tI

*1 ax within any County aforesaid shall and is hereby required to give his utmost Assistance in the making m\ting it out* *

out or perfecting the said Lift, on being duly required so to do by any such Clerk of the Peace ; and every Ck,llc of the petce to

such Clerk of the Peace shall produce such Lift to the Justices of the P*ace at Che General Quarter Sections pro<,uce the Lift at the

28 GEO* III. 3 M of tyar;a£cftii>ai in the

