A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 'C. 45—51.

d.

For every Bundle of Nail Rods, per Hun-

dred Weight - - 01

For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar r- 02

For every Hundred Weight of Hemp - o 1

For every Bolt of Canvas, large - o 2

Small - 01

For every Load of Oak or Elm Boards 1 o

For every one thousand of Cleft Pale - 010

For every Load of Pods and Rails - 06

For every Load of Hoops - -06

For every Load of Laths^ - -06

Forevery Miliftone, great - 1 o

And the small - -06

Forevery Tomb Stone - - 16

For every Ditto, Marble - 26

For every Cor pfe - - 50

Forevery Ton of Kelp - - 1 o

Forevery Horse - - 16

Forevery four-wheeled Carriage - 26

For every two-wheeled Carriage - 16

For every Sedan Chair - - 10

CAP.

s. d.

For every Sack of five Bushels of Flour o 1

Forevery Sack of Bran of eight Bushels o 1

For every Ton of Brill - - 10

Forevery Load of Hay of thirty-six Trusses 1 6

For every Load of Straw - 10

For every Bushel of Onions - 01

For every Bushel of Oysters - 01

For every Firkin, or smaller Barrel of Oyfi-

lers - - - . 01

For every Hide, raw or tanned - 02

Forevery Dozen of Goat, Calf, Sheep, or

‘LambSkins - 02

For every Hundred Weight of wrought '

Pewter - - -03

And old - - - 02

For every Hawk - - -02

For every Dog - - -02

For every Fox - - - 02

For Hares, Pheasants, and all other Game

per Head - - -01

XLVI.

An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

George the Second, and the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two

Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterlings upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall he

brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped\ or fid, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liber lies

thereof. [Further continued for twenty-one Years.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for reSifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, to put in execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act

for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred ami eighty fix; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those

named in the first mentioned AS, to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting

an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred anaeighty seven.

CAP. XLVm.

An Act to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new

Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and DireSions

contained in an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, An Atl for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party frails; and for the more cf-

Jeftually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities ^London and Weft minder, and the Liberties thereof\

and other the Partjhes, Precincts, and Places, within the JVeekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint

Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and

for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons again/} the Penalties to which they

are or may be liable for erefling Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for dividing the ParHh of Saint James in the City and County of Briftol\ and County of Gloucester,

and for building a Church, and providing a Coemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the

new Parish.

CAP. L.

An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of

Newcastle upon Tyne.

CAP. LI.

An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernard’s Street, in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith Walk,

in the County of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh,

and the Avenues leading to the fame; and for amending two several Acts passed, relative to-the said City,

in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign.

27 Gko. III. 3 F CAP.

