584 C. 64—66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. <789.

Brandy, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, In the Manner in that Behalf directed

by the said Act, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint two of the

Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to

enquire into the annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons em-

, ployed in that Revenue.

44 The Lords of the Treasury may appoint two Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one in

44 Scotland, to enquire into the Emoluments of their Officers upon Oath; who shall lay the Reiult of

44 their Inquiry before the Treasury. Treasury may issue 1,500/. to pay Clerks, (Ac* Persons taking a

44 false Oath to be guilty of Perjury, (Ac. This Att to continue in force till September \, 1790, and no

44 lonrer ; except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence committed

44 in Violation of this Act.”

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the East-India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock.

44 The EajKIndia Company, with the Approbation of the Treasury, may increase their Capital Stock

44 i,oooo,oco/.; and may pay the like Dividends on the additional as on the present Stock of the Company.

44 Preference in subscribing for the additional Stock may be given to the present Proprietors. At Seftem-

44 her 1, 1789, if the Subicriptions shall exceed the Sum proposed to be sold, a proportionable Deduction to

44 be made from each Subscription; and if they fall short, the Deficiency to be difoofed of to others. The

44 Directors may contract for the Sale of the Whole to one or more Persons. Receipts to be given for

44 Payments, which shall be transferable, (Ac. If Subscribers fail in making good all Payments, their

44 Stock may be sold to any other Persons, and the Deposits to be forfeited.”

Preamble.

a8Geo.3’C 54.

From A up. t.

1789, no Vessel

clearing out

from Great Bri-

tain to carry

SUtret from

Africa in greater

Numbers tha t

herein specified.

Vessel? to be

dti-.m-d of he

Tonnage set

for h in 'feir

Certificates oi

Rfgi.Uy.

Maliers cf Vef-

leij to fcrfe.t

30I. for ererjr

Slave exceeding

the li iced

Number.

If more ti>an

a-sih if tte

biases t>c Chil-

dr* n, 5 or the

Sure m to k,t

dt n.ei tq al f0

4 Slaves.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled. An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the flipping and carrying

Slaves in British Vessels from the Coajl cf Africa,

4 \\T HEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act to regulate, for g

4 ▼ ▼ limited Time, the flapping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coajl of Africa: And

4 whereas it is expedient to continue the said Act, and further to regulate the shipping and carrying of

4 Slaves in Britijlo Vessels from the Coast of Africa :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Exeunt

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall not be lawful for any

Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever,

which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of August one thouGmd

seven hundred 2nd eighty-nine, to have on board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring,* or

transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any

greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such

Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover

of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel, ovej* and above the said Burthen of two

hundred and one Tons, or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater

Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such ship or

Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and (moreover) of

three such Male Slaves (who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches) for every additional five

Tons of such Ship or Vessel, over and above die said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every

such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth

in the rdpedive Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in purfiance of

an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the

further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Master or other Person

taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall act contrary hereto, such Matter

or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great

Britain for each and every such Slave exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited, one

Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflfors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to

any Person or Persons whofti^ll first sue for the same; Provided always. That if there mail be in any such

Ship or Vessel any more than two-fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed

four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children (over and above the aforesaid Proportion of

two-firths) fh 11 be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act.

II. And

C.

