A..D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 5, 6. 401

c third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the fame extends to the Trade and Commerce

4 carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America\

and also that the said Act of the t.venty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, should be further continued :*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third 0eo ^

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so far only as the lame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on f0 far as ?cl/ta»

between this Kingdom and the People and T erritories belonging to the United States of America; and that to the Com-

the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and all the Matters and Things merce betwe-u

therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and bunked

eighty-nine. ' State o» me.

rica, and 24 Geo. 3. c. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 1789.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of Articles from

any Place bordering on the Baltic* which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported »y P»ce bor.

from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which ^hich

Xball hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities what- may t,c exported

ever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of from this King-

this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue export-

of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be, permitted to be

imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States ff0in

of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be the United

ailowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Coun- States of Ame-

cil; the fame shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall ,ica* ?nd n°c

respect vely be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel be- Jfo

longing thereto. c od» imposed

■ from these States contrary to Law, to be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, shall and may be

sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce

thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in fych and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Pur-

poses, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Lawrcfpefting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, pro-

(ecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Pro-

duce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (nail continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer.

CAP. VI.

An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Colonies and

Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belong-

ing to the United States of America; and between his Majesty’s said Subjects and the

Foreign Islands in the West Indies.

4 \I/HEREAS the Regulations made by his Majesty’s several Orders in Council, for carrying on

the Commerce between his Majesty’s Subjects in North America, and in the West Indies, and

the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, in pursuance of the Powers

4 vested in his Majesty for that Purpose by several Acts of Parliament, have by Experience been found to

4 be beneficial^ And whereas it is now proper that the said Regulations should be established and made

4 permanentbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported or brought from

any of the Territories belonging to the said United States of America, into any of his Majesty’s West India

Islands (in which Description the Bahama ljlands, and the Bermuda or Somers Islands, are includedj,

under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of the Ship or Vedfel in which die fame shall be so im-

ported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, except

Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Marts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading-boards,

Timber, Shingles, and Lumber of any Sort; Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, and Live Stock

of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, and Grain of

any Sort; such Commodities respectively being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of the

said United States of America.

IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Goods or Commodities

herein before excepted, enumerated, and described, shall be imported or brought into any of the said Blands

from the Territories of the said United States, under the like Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of

the Ship or^Vessel in which the ferae shall be so imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furniture,

3 G 2 , Ammunition,

How Forfeitures

are »o be reco-

vered and ap*

plied.

to continue

in force till

April 5,1789*

Preamble.'

If any Goods,

except the Ar.

titles herein

specified, ihtll

be brought isoak

the United

States of Ame-

rica into the

Weil India

Islands, they

are forfei ed,

with the V cf-

fel, See.

Such Articles as

are permitted to

be iirported

mofl be brought

by British Sub.

jects in British

by

