A.D. 1787* Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 13. 263

have paid unto the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs nearest to the Place from whence such

Wine is intended to be removed, the Difference of the respective Duties payable at the Out-Ports and in the

Port of London* in Addition to the Duties which shall have previously been paid on the Importation of such

Wine at any Out-Port, which Duties are respectively ascertained, described, and set forth in the Schedule

hereunto annexed, marked (A.); and if any Quantity of Wine in Bottles exceeding three Dozens, or in a

Calk or Caflcs exceeding ten Gallons, shall at one and the fame l ime, and in one and the fame Carriage,

he brought, removed, or carried, either by Land or by Water, into the Port of London, or the Members

thereof, or to any Place whatever within twenty Miles of the said Royal Exchange* without a Certificate from

such Collector or other proper Officer of his Maj city’s Customs, expressing the Quality and Quantity of such

Wine, and certifying that the Difference between the Duties payable at the Out-Ports and those, which aie

due in the Port of London, on the Importation of such Wine, have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the

fame was Wine fold for Salvage, or that the fame has been compounded for, or condemned, such Wine shall

be forfeited, together with the Calks and V tikis containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Of-

ficer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and prosecuted in such Manner as any Wines, for which the Du-

des of Customs or Excise have not been paid, may be seized and prosecuted.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the Removal of

any such Wine, and after Payment of the Duties payable thereon, in any of the Out-Ports, and also of the

Difference of the ref]native Duties payable at the Out-Ports and the Port of London, on the Importation of

such Wines, and before the fame shall be brought into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any

Place whatever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, such Wine shall

happen to be staved, or to be loft, or perish, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four of

them (Proof having been made upon Oath, to their Satisfaction, that such Wine has been so staved, or has

been loft, or has perished, as aforesaid), shall cause Repayment to be made to the Owner or Proprietor of such

Wine, of so much Money as the Difference of the Duties payable for such Wines in any Out-Port and in the

Port of London shall amount to; such Repayment to be made out of any of the Duties of Customs payable

by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the

Growth, Produdf, or Manufacture of India, Onna, or of any Place or Country within the Limits of the

Charter or Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and

imported by the said Company, on which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, specitick Duties of Customs, and

Drawbacks of the said Duties, are not particularly affixed as such in the Schedule marked (A.), hereunto an-

nexed* shall be subject and liable to such Duties of Customs on Importation into, and entitled to such Draw-

backs on Exportation from. Great Britain, as are respectively affixed thereto, and set forth in the Table here-

unto annexed marked (B.); and that the Value and Price of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, according

to which the Duties ot Customs respeitively affixed, and the Drawbacks respectively let forth in the said

Table hereunto annexed marked (B.), are to be secured, levied, collected, answered, paid, and allowed, shall

be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been respectively

(old at the publick Sales of the said United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, without any

Deduction or Allowance of any Kind whatever j any former A<stor Acts of Parliament to the contrary there-

of in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. % And whereas, in framing*the Schedule of the Duties and Drawbacks hereunto annexed marked (A.)

4 it was deemed expedient to omit certain Species of Goods which had been inserted in the two Books

4 of Rates, one of which was made by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the

* twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the other by and in pursuance of another

* AEt of Parliament made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Eirft, some of

* those Articles having been described in Terms obsolete, and not at this Time generally understood, and

4 others therein mentioned being not now in use; and to omit other Articles in the said Schedule, by reason

4 that the great Diversity of Value of the several Species thereof would render it impossible for proper Duties-

* to be imposed thereon, payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure of such Articles: In

4 order therefore to ascertain what Duties shall be paid on the Importation, and what Drawbacks shall be

4 repaid on the Exportation, of all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize not otherwise particularly

4 charged with Duties in the said Schedule or Tables, and not exempted or excepted therefrom by any Ad:

4 of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

4 eighty-seven, and not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

4 Indies? be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May. one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which certain

(pecificlc Duties, according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure thereof, are not imposed, affixed,

and ascertained, in the Schedule marked (A.), and not being exempt from Duty by any Act of Parliament

in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,

and not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall

be subject and liable to such Duties on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, and entitled to such

Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, as are imposed, ascertained, and set forth in the

Table hereunto annexed marked (D.J, except as is herein-after provided.

carried there-

from to within

ao Miles of

London without

a Certificate that,

the Difference

of the Du<ie<! at

London and the

Out-Port is

paid, the Wine,

Ac. to be

seized, Ac*

If Wine so re-

moving from an

Out-Port toLon-,

don, for which

the Duties have ,

been duly paid,

should be lLved*

the Owner (halt

be repaid the

Difference,of the>

Duties at th^

Out-Port and at,

London.

Goods Import'd^

by tbeEart India

Company from

Places within

the Limits of

their Charter,

the Duties on

which are not

Specified in

Schedule (A.)*

to be liable to

the Duties set

forth in Tabla

(B.), Ac.

Recital of the

Books of Rate*

of the 12th

Car. 2. and tht'

11th Geo. i*

All* Goods

whose Duties art*

nnt fixed by

Schedule (A«),

to be liable to

the Duties, and

entitled to the

Drawbacks set

forth in Table

(D.), unit (a

exempted by

Law* or imported by the India Company,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of non-enumerated Goods, The Value of

Wares, or Merchandize, according to which the Duties hereby imposed and ascertained, and set forth in the “on^numer*t«d

Tables hereunto annexed marked (C. and D.) are to be levied, collected, and paid, shall be ascertained by ifecruined by

the 1

C^oooole

