414

Six Ship* of Fo-

reigners first

coming to refine

in Great Britain,

to be allowed o

-itfcport Oil, Ac.

on the C’or-di-

tions herein

tnocitioAcd-

Foreigners so

all) ar.l to im-

parl t »il, Arc. to

ewer into r'ond

to settlr wii h

their Crews in

Great Britain-

Duties to he un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

Cnromissioners

of the Customs.

Penalty on Per-

fnns grant-ng

false C'rnifi-

cates, Arc.

How Pmal ies

are to be ap-

plied.

General llTue.

Treble Coftf.

C. 20, 2r. Anno vicesimo o£tavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

4 carrying on the said Fishery in the Manner before-mentioned;* be it further enacted by the Authority

a fore (rid. That the fix Ships or Vessels belonging to such Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Subjedb

of his Majesty as aforesaid, which shall first arrive in any Port of this Kingdom, in the Manner and on the

Conditions before mentioned, shall be allowed to import Cargoes of Oil or Head Matter, being the Pro-

duce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, caught by the ’Crews of such Ships or Vessels, subject to

the Duties and Conditions following ; that is to say. The Ship or Vessel belonging to such Person or Per-

fons as aforesaid, wmch di ill first arrive in Manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any

Quantity (if Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, caught

by the Crew of the said Ship or Vellel, not exceeding seventy Tons, each Ton containing two hundred

and fifty-two Gaiions, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; the two Ships or Vessels belonging to

such Person or Persons as aforesaid, which shall next arrive in Manner before mentioned, shall be allowed

to import any Quantity of Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the

Sea, caught by the Crew of the said Ship or Velfe!, not exceeding seventy Tons, each containing two

hundred and fifty-two Gallons, upon Payment of a Duty at and after the Rate of five: Pounds per Ton;

the th;ee Ships or VefliF belonging to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, not being a Subjedi or Subjects

of his Majesty, which shall next arrive in Manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any Quan-

tity of Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, caught by the

Crew of the said Ship or Veil'd, not exceeding seventy Tons, each Ton containing two hundred and fifty-

two Gallons, upon Payment of a Duty at and after the Rate often Pounds ^rTon; and any Quantity of

Oil or Heid Matter exceeding seventy Tons, each Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons,

imported by any such fix Ships or Vessels, belonging to such Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Sub-

jects of his Majesty as aforesaid, shall be admitted to Entry, and shall be subject: to Payment of Duties as

Oil of Foreign Fiming; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or

Persons, not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty as aforesaid, and being Owner or Owners of any such

Ship or Vetiel, so importing such Oil or Head Matter as aforesaid, shall, together with two sufficient Sure-

ties, being his Majesty’s Subjects and residing within Great Britain (to be approved of by the Com-

mi dinners of his Majesty’s Customs in England or Scotland), give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, to be taken by the Collector or Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs in the

Port where such Ships shall arrive, in the Penalty of double the highest Duty on the Quantity so imported*

to which Fish Oil is now by Law subject and liable under any Circumstances of Importation ; with Con-

dition that such Owner or Owners, together with the Crews of the respective Ship or Ships, Vessel or

Vessels, so importing such Oil or Head Matter as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively establish them-

selves in Great Britain, and carry on the said Fishery from Great Britain, according to, and in compliance

with, and under the Conditions Rules, Regulations, and Rellridtions, prescribed and directed in the said

herein-before recited Act, so made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

or of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enadkd by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties granted by this A3

shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, under the Management of the Commissioners

of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, in such and the like Manner, and -

by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as the Duty upon T rain Oil of Foreign Fishing is now

by I /aw raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly

g;ve or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Period or

Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs or Succelibrs, in any OlEce whatever; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit,

erase, alter, or fflfify any Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, or shall know-

ingly or willingly make use of any alfe Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited, eraled, altered, or

faliined, such PeTon or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred

Pounds, and every such Certificate or Certificates shall be invalid, and of no Effect.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and For-

feitures inflicted by this Act, shall be to the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue or prosecute for the fame in any of his Ma-

jesty ’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, where the

Offence shall be committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Per foil or Persons whatever, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant oc

Defendants in such Million or Suit may plead the General IiTue, and give this Act and the special Matter in

Evidence at any Trial to he had thereupon, and that the linne was done in pursuance of, and by the Au-

thority of this Act: And if it (Hall appear so to he done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or iXTenuaiits;

and if the Plaintiff shall be noniuited, or Hull difeontmue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants hath

-or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the

Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the lame as Defendants

have in ctner Cales by Law.

CAP. XXL

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery. [750,600 /.]

10 CAP.

