he did not Cm

measured.

Ecemptionswitli

respect to Watct

Works, and Per-

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 108. 247

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter shall, Penitry on Me-

at any Time or Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, use, or permit or suffer Sacks to be J^“5 “jj*

made use of, for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and two

Feet in Breadth, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or,

being of the People called 'uaiers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlejex, or City and Liberty of Westminster%

he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter, Penalty on Li-

to be appointed and aualified pursuant to this Act, shall, at any Time.or Times hereafter during the Con- bouring Meter

tinuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, or other Person, iywing false

with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever; or shall take and receive from any

Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the Reward bt 7

lour Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge; or if any tides 4d. per

such Labouring Coal-meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure of Coals, or Chaldron;

shall deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any miking; false

Place or Places within the said Limits; and shall be, in any or either of the said Cafes, convicted thereof by 0rVeK»ering#any

the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before Ticket for Co«U

one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of MidJUsex, or City and j:j —

Liberty of Weshmnfter^ he mall be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a

Coal-meter; and the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being shall, for every

such Offence of such Labouring Coal-meter so convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sutn of forty

Shillings.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the Owners of any

Works for raising Water by Fire, nor to the Owners of any Coals to be bought, fold, and delivered as ana

for Pool Measure, but that they shall and may have one Chaldron of Coals, or more, delivered under the In- f s.

speftion of his or their own Agent in the Absence of a Meter, and in that Cafe such Persons are hereby respec- chaidron'or00*

lively exempted from the Payment of any Metage Charge by virtue of this Act; but if such Persons shall re- more of Coilt at

quire the Care or Attendance of any Meter, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Cafe, Pool Measure.

they shall pay the Metage Charge of four Pence by the Chaldron hereby laid, as other Consumers of Coals

are hereby obliged or ought to do, in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the con-

trary hereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Labouring Coal-meter

(Hall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July, wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals sold as and

for Wharf Measure (exceeding the Quantity of seventeen Buftiels) to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse.

or Place within the Limits of this Act, without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and

shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or their or his Deputies

at the said Office, within two Days next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid. and shall be duly

convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Qfakers, by Affirmation^ of two or more

credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middle-

fex9 or City and Liberty of Westmiriflery such Labouring Coal-meter shall from thenceforth be for ever ren-

dered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal-meter within the Limits comprised in this Act, and forfeit and

pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Driver of any Cart

or Carriage with Coals loaded therein, from any W harf, Warehouse, or Place, within the Limits of this Act,

or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall take or deliver, or suffer to be taken or delivered, ’

from mch Cart or Carriage, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or

Owners. Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings 5 and in case of Nonpayment thereof, every such

Offender shall and may be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the

Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to the Hcrufe of Correction for the said County

of AGddleJeXy or City and Liberty of WeJhninjUr^ thereto remain for any Time not exceeding three Calen-

dar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty or Forfeiture be (boner paid,

and (arisfied.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be

difiatisfied with, or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals sold to him or her

by Wharf Measure within the Limits aforesaid, and (nail, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter's V0*1]'!

Ticket accompanying such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have the fame remeasured, then, and in every DeCre/1"*

such Cafe, the Carman, or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, Dmer to con.

shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said

Cart or Carriage, until they are remeasured, under the Penalty of five Pounds on the Owner or Proprietor,

and twenty Shillings on the Driver of the said Cart or Carriage; and the said Purchaser shall immediately

fend, or cause to be sent, to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Warehouse, or Place,

Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be remeasured, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land

Coal-meter’s Office; and thereupon a Principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meter9 (not being the

Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured), shall, within, the Space of two

Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Land Coal-meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to remeasure the

foid Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the fame, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender and Pur-

chafer of the fiudCoals^or their A gents or Servants, if any, of them, shall attend, and, detire to fee the fame remea-

fiired*

Penalty on Mi-

ters suffer inf

Coals to pass

without beifif

measured.

Penalty on Car*,

man talcing or

permitting Coali

to be taken out

of his Cart.

Person* d:flVif-

fied may hate

tinue with the

Coals and Cart

till ra-measurtd.

Purchaser 10

fend Notice in

Writing to Ven-

dor and Mttuy

