The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Blidworthj to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirkby in

Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence

through Pinxton, to Carter Laney in the Parish of South

Normantorjy and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton

Greeny in the County of Derby.

100. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Leicester and Welford T urnpike Road, in the Counties of

Leicester and Northampton, near Fojhn Laney to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch% in

the said County of Leicester.

101. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering

the Road from the Township of Saltney9 in the County of

Flinty to the 'Town of Flinty in the said County.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from Merlin9s Bridge to Pembroke Ferry,

in the County of Pembroke.

103. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the

eighth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the fame re-

lates to the Road from the Township of Huddcrsfieldy in

the Weft Riding of the County of York, to Woodheady in

the County Palatine of Chestery and from thence to a Bridge

over the Kiver Mersey, called Entcrclough Bridgey on the

Confines of the County of Derby.

104. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Spann Smith)•, in the County of Chef

tery to Talky in the County of Stafford.

105. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Roads leading from Staplcbar to Lingen; and

from thence, by Borcsfordy to Willey9 s Oak \ and from

Kingjham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads near

The Rod; and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford9 in the

County of Hereford.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame relate to the Road

from Doncaflery through Ferrybridgey to the South Side of

Tadcaster Cross y in the County of York.

107. An Act to enlarge the T erms and Powers of two Acts

passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, and the tenth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for refairing the Road from Bir-

mingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon,

to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the /aid

County.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame relate to the Roads

from The Red Houff near Doncaflery to the South End of

Wakefield Bridgey and from Wakefield to Ponte fra fty and

from thence to Weelandy in the Township of Henjally and

from Pontefract to Wentbridgt9 in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

109. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontflepheny

in the County of Cardigan \ and from Llandovery, in

the County of Carmarthen9 to Lampeterpontflephen afore-

said.

no. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the

Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame

relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four

Lane Ends near Wortley, in the Weft Riding of the County

of York \ and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of

the Road from The Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartchffe

Hill.

in. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his pre- -

Cent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of two

federal Acts of Parliament made and passed in the seven-

teenth and twenty-eighth Years of the Rctgn of his late Ala-

jejly King George the Sccondy as relate to the Road from the

End of the County of Stafford, in the Pbjl Road towards tht

City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to

Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich

to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said

County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for

more effectually repairing, wideningy and supporting the fame

Road\ and also for repairing and widening the Road from

Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in

Tarvin aforesaidy as relates to the second and third Districts

of Road comprized in the said Act of the ninth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty; and for including the

Road from Pickers Cross to the Turnpike Road leading

from Flookerfbrook Bridge to Frodjhamy in the said third

District.

112. Aq Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrews-

bury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from

Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in

the County of Flint, and several other Roads therein men-

tioned ; and for making and repairing a Road from the said

Wrexham and Chester Road to the Wrexham and Ruthin

Road, in the said County of Denbigh.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in the

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near

Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post

near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End */* Newton

Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Win wick, and

from Newton by Par Stocks to the Guide Post in Parr, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making more

effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said

Roads, except from the said Guide Post, near Golbourne

Dale to Winwick.

114. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Dumfries by M Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dum-

fries.

115. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from

The Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester,

to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road lead-

inSjfiom Stratford upon Avon, in the County ^Warwick,

Birmingham, in theJame County.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 28 Georgii III.

1. \ N Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Com-

j\, mons orWafte Grounds within the Manor of Rid-

dlefden other wise Alortony or Riddlefden with Morton^ in

the Parish of Bingley9 in the Weft Riding of the County of

York.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes

of Mear and Wedmorey in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Com-

mons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Weft bury9 in-

the County of Somerset.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of BUadon,

in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act for enabling Ralph Browne Wyldey and his lfiue9

to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Brozvne, pur-

suant to the W ill of Jane Browneh late of Caughley, in

the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Sa/op9 W idow, de-

ceased.

6. Am

