X*

Ptrfont aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Qjjaitcr Sef-

fioov.

No Certiorari.

Ltmhatkn of

Atfiont,

General Issue.

full Ccilt*

Referring the

Rights of the

City of London

within Sooth*

wark.

pufclidc Ad.

Preamble.

24 Geo. 3 c, 25.

C. 15, 16. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. p. 1786.

Peace, before whom such Offender or Offenders {hall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be)

to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be

committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, nor less than (even Days,

there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That if any Person so conviftetf

as aforesaid shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to

be held for the County of Surrey, next after such Conviction, but not afterwards; and that Sessions, when

so appealed to, {hail, at the then next SefEons after bringing such Appeal, hear and finally determine the

feme; and if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal,

or prosecute the fame with Effect, the said Court of Sessions shall then award such Costs as they shall think

reasonable, to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on and by such Conviction, paid

to the Prosecutor or Informer; and, for want thereof, to commit the rerfon or Persons thus appealing to

the Common Gaol of and for the County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they <hall and do make

actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty, to the Person or Persons to whom the feme shall be awarded,

for the Purposes aforesaid: but in case the said Appellant shall make good, support and succeed in such his

Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the fame Court shall, in that Cafe, award to such Appellant

reasonable Costs* to be then and there in open Court paid to him or them by the rerfon or Persons on whose

Information or rrolecution such Conviction shall have been founded or made; and for want of such Pay-

ment, the said Court of Sessions shall commit such Informers and Prosecutors respectively to the Common

Gaol of the said County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do aftuaHy pay to such Ap-

Eellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no Conviction to be pronounced or made

y virtue of or under this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall issue or be ifluable to remove the Re-

cord of any Conviction, or Proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by

the Authority of this Act, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifany A Chon, Information, or

Suit shall be brought* filed, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing to be done in pur-

suance of this Act, the fame shall be commenced or filed within two Calendar Months next after the Fast

committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Surrey, and not eUewbcre, and the

Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Ifibe, and

give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done in pursuance of this Act; and if the feme shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action,

Suit, or Information, shall be brought or filed after the Time for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or

brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury, in every such Cafe, shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her,

or their Action or ACtions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendant* shall have full

Costs, and such Remedy for the Recovery of the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in

this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, rro-

perty, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, within the Bo*

rough of Southwark, in the said County of Surrey.

AXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, judged, and

taken to be aPublick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons, without specially pleading the same. '

CAP. XV.

An Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the ReCtors of1 the Parish Church and Parochial

Chapel of Liverpool.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Ma-

nagemement of the Affairs of the East India Company.

c ¥ T 7 HEREAS, by virtue of an Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the

4 East India Company of the British Possesstons in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the

more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies; it is enacted,

c That whenever any Vacancy of the Office of Governor General or President, or of any Member of the

4 Council, shall happen in any of the Presidencies of Fort William in Bengal, Fort Saint George, or Bom~

4 bay respectively, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall proceed to nominate and ap-

4 point a fit Person to supply such Vacancy from amongst their covenanted Servants in India% except to the

4 Office of Governor General, or the Office of Governor or President of Fort Saint George^ or Bombay,

4 or

