The TITLES of the STATUTES.

ttires, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farring-

don, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks,

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and

Waste Lands within the Manor of Strettcn in the Dale, in

the County of Salop.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within ,

the Parish of Netherbaven, other wise Nether av on, in the

County of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Heath, Wade, and Commonable Lands, with-

in the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauce-

by, in the County of Lincoln,

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the

County of Somerset.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waite

Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in

the County of Derby,

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or

Commons within the Township of Bag by, in the North

Riding of the County of York,

41. An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in

the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the

Prebendal Lands at Kentish Town, in the County of Mid-

dlcjex,

42. An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richai'd

Gly'nne Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glyn?ie Esquire,

and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may

hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of

Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage

of John Conway Glynne Efcjuiie, deceased, and the Will of

Sir John Glynne Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of

the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or

Common within the several Townships of Fafforth,

Thruntoft, Little Langton, and Danby upon Ikloifk, some

or one of them, in the North Riding of the County of

Fork.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Township of Brightfdefxo the

Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York,

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and

alto a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within

the Township of Featherfone, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted

Pastures called Old rajlure, New Pa/l ure, Botton, and

Loj'gill Bank, in the Township of Graffington, in the

County of York,

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain

Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Tyne-

mouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor,

within the Manor of Tynemouth, other wise Tynemouth/hire,

otherwise Tynemouth with Tyne mouth [hire, in the County

of Northumberland,

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships

of Billington and Wilpshire, other wise Wilpshire with Dinck-

ley, in the Parish of Blackburn and Honour of Clitheroe, in

the Hundred of Blackburn and County Palatine of Lan-

caster.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields

and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streetmarfbal,

Tyryjnynech, and Dcytheur, in the County of Mont-

gomery,

50. An Act for naturalizing John Phillip Weber

51. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes,

52. An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis Guerry,

53. An Act to enable the'1 ruftees of the Will of Sir TSomae

Dyke Aland Baronet, to cut down and fell Timber upon '

the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of

the fame Estates upon Fines, and to invert the Monies,

arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh,

Common Fen, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of

Lincoln.

55. An Act^ to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Twifs

Esquire, with Frances Dorrili his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mea-

tioned.

THE

