234* p. to7* 'Aaiuo vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786;

Another Man

to be ba lotted

for, if a Defector

does not return

in three Months.

Defected liable

to feree their

Term, whenever

taken of.

Substitutes de-

fertipg. liable to

serve their full

nr, *her-~

ever taken up.

’Notice of appre-

hending Desert-

e/9 to be Cent to

the Clerk of the

$ubdi vilion.

Mnikets to be

narked.

Penalty on fell*

aog Arms, Ac.

Penalty on boy*

srg Arms, Ac.

t

■Men may be pot

under Stoppages

to buy themNc-

c diaries, Ac.

Adjutant*, Ac.

may be tried by

11 Court-martial,

for Offences

committed when

the Militia i«

not embodied.

Serjeants and

Corporals may

be reduced to

brve as Privatec.

Arms, whexuiot

wanted, to be

kept in a Place

to be appointed

by the Com*

standing Officer.

One Third Part

of the Serjeanti,

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall desert or absent himfolf from

his Duty, and fhaTl not return, or be taken within the Space of three Months,* from the Time of his so de-

ferring or absenting himfeit, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment,

Battalion, or Independent Company, to the Deputy Lieutenants at any of their Meetings for the Subdivi-

fion for which such Militia Man was inrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are

hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be

returned* to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in the Room of every such Militia Man ;

and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time return or betaken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall

have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the feme Manner, and for the feme d erm, as if no

Person had been so chosen in his Room.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being sworn and inrolled to serve as a Substitute

in the Militia, shall afterward desert or absent himfeit from the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com*

pany to which he belongs, every such Person shall be liable to, and shall serve as a Militia Man, in such Re-

giment, Battalion, or Independent Company, for and during the full Term for which he shall have been in-

rolled, to be computed from the Day on which he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subjedto such other

Penalty or Punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such Offence by virtue of this Act; and the Com-

manding Officer of {uch Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall cause Notice to be given to

the Clerk of the Subdivision for which such Person was inrolled, of the Day on which he was apprehended, and

such Clerk shall make an Entry in the Roll of the Militia Men of the Name of such Person, and also of the

Time of his being so apprehended.

LXXX V. And be it further enacted, That all Mu(kets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be

marked distindly, in feme visible Place, with the Letter (M), and the Name of the County, Riding, or

Place, to which they belong; and in case any Militia Man shall (ell, pawn, or iofe any of his Anns,

Clothes, or Accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the fame in good Order to his Captain, or to

the Person appointed to receive the feme, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay a Sum not exceeding three Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the

Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction for any

Time not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in

Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, belonging to any Militia

Man, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the

Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and if such Of-

fender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to

levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the Common Gaol,

there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or shall cause such Offender to

be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LXXX VII. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of

Militia, shall be ailembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the Captain or

Commanding Officer of every Company to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not ex-

ceeding six Pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and otter

Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged

by any such Militia Man’s INegled: Provided always, That every such Captain or Commanding Officer

shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deduded what shall have been laid

out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if any

there shall be) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the feme belongs, before such Militia Man (hau

be dilmifled from such Training and Exercise.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Serjeant Major, -Serjeant, Corporal,

Drum Major, and Drummer of the Militia, shall be at all Times subject to any Ad which shall be in force

for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the

Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Of-

ficer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for

die Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of

Militia, to direct the holding of Courts-martial whenever such Regiment or Battalion shall be embodied for

the Purpose of Annual Exercise, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major,

or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, for any Offence committed during the Time such Regiment or

Battalion was not embodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

LXXXiX. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the Militia may, by Sentence of

aCourt-martial, be reduced to the Condition of aJPrivate Soldier of the Militia, to serve as such during any

iNoi>-

Time not exceeding fifteen Months; after which Time, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a J

commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Arms belonging to every Regiment, Battalion, and Independ-

ent Company, when not embodied, shall be keot in such convenient Place as the Colonel, or (where there

is no Colonel) as the Commanding Officer mail direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the

County, Riding, or Place*

XCI. And be it further enacted, That one Third Part at the lead in Number of the Serjeants, Cor-

porals, and Drummers in every Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, shall confront] y be re-

ddest

