256 C. 7, 8. Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

No Flour,Bread,

&c. nor Lutn-

Itr, to be im-

ported from any

foreign Weft

led u Ifljmi in*

to any Ln;ifh

one.

In Cafes of

Jlrnergenry,

his Majesty*!

Governors, &e.

of the Writ ln-

«Ji« Iflancs, wrJl

their Councils,

may autfcorife

the Importation

of Flour, See. Jiora other Ilbnds,

II. 4 And whereas it is expedient that Provisions or Lumber (being the Growth or Production of the Tcr-

4 ritories belonging to the United States of America) should not be imported into the Islands under the Do-

* minion of his Majesty in the IVji India, from any foreign 111 and in the U\jJ Indies 2* be it therefore fur-

ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, duiing the Continuance of this Act, no Flour, Bread,

Rice, Wheat, or Grain of any Sort, and no Staves, Heading, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, shall be

imported or brought into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the It'/? India (in which I>e-

feription the Bahama Ijjands, and the Bermuda or Somers I Bands, aie included), from any Island in the Il'ejl

Indies under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State; any Law, Custom, or Usage to

the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always. That it {hall be lawful, in Cafes of publick Emergency or Distress, for any of

the Governors or Commanders in Chief, for the Time being, of any of the Lid Islands under the Dominion

of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiers, in the Ildjl Indies, with the Advice and Content of their respective

Councils, to authorii'e the Importation of Flour, Bread, Rice, Wheat, or Grain of any Sort, Staves, Head-

ing, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, for a limited 'Lime, from any I Hand in the iVcJl Indies, under the

Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State; and the said Articles lb authorited {hall, in every such

Cafe, be allowed to be so imported during such limited 'l ime, and no longer.

Jf Goods of the

Growth of the

United States of

■Amrrica be im-

ported into the

West India

Islands ccrvrary

to Law, they ate

forfeited, with

ihe Veirelt, See•

How Forfeiture!

• re to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

Continuance of

this

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore Lid, That if any Goods or Commodities whatever,

of the Growth or Production of the Territories belonging to the said United States of America, {hail be im-

ported into any of the said Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty in the // eji Indies, other than such as

by any Law now in force, or which iball hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Or-

der of his Majesty in Council, now arc or (bail hereafter be permitted to be imported into the said Islands ;

or if any such Goods or Commodities as aforesaid shall be imported into the said Islands, in any other Man-

ner whatever than such as is or lh«l! be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in

force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the fame shall be forfeited,

together with the Ship or Vcilel in which such Goods or Commodities shall be imported or brought, and all

the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.-

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Forfeiture incurred by this Act {hall

and may be lued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and

the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, rn such and the like Manner, aiul to such and the like

Ufcs and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respehting the Revenue or Customs may now be

sued for, prolecuttd, and recovered, in the said lflanus respectively where the Offence {ball be committed ;

and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied, in like Manner in the said Islands respec-

tively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A& shall continue and be in force

until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and no longer.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

teven ; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transi-

mit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and

for giving further Time for that Purpose.

44 Where the Militia is or {hall be raised, the Receiver General of the County is to issue four Months Pay in

44 Advance ; with Haifa Year’s Salary to the Regiment and Battaiion Clerks; and the Allowances to the

44 Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings; and Pay for Clothing of Serjeants and Drummers,

r - 44 The Money is to be paid by the Receiver General to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion (except the

44 Allowances to the Clerks of the Meetings), upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment; and for

44 Independent Companies to the respeeftive Captains, or to their Order ; according to the FTtebli foment

4C laid down in the Militia Ac! of Lift Session. A second Payment is also to be made within three Months

44 after the first ; and a third within three Months after the Second. Receipts of the Persons to whom the

44 Money shall be so paid, to discharge the Receivers General. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks are

44 to pay in Advance one Month’s Pay to the Adjutant; and two Months Pay to each Captain for the Str-

44 jeants, Drummers, and Corporals; and for the Serjeant-major and Drum-major two Months Pay to be

44 paid to the Commanding Orncer of the Company to which they belong: Captains to distribute the Pay

44 accordingly ; and account for the fame yearly to the Clerk, or Receiver General if an Independent Com-

44 pany ; and pay back the surplus Monies in his Hands. On Discharge of Serjeants or Drummers as unfit

44 for Service, no Pay to be iiiued till others are appointed ; nor any Payment made to such as are discharged

44 by the Commanding Officer. Regimental Clerk to pay to the Commanding Officer, out of contingent

44 Money, 1 d. a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying Hospital Expences; and Mo-

44 ncy for repairing Ai ms, tdc. And to account annually to the Commanding Officer. Money allowed for

44 contingent Expences of Independent Companies to be applied and accounted for by the Captains. Clerk

44 to retain Money in his Hands for his own Salary. Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, to certify

44 to the Receiver General the Days of Exercise, who is to pay to the Regimental Clerks, at the Rates

7 44 herein

