44«

From July lOi »79°» n0

Person to h«*« * Right

to »o*« for a Burgess for

Cricklade, who has not

qualified to vote for

Wilts.

Re'timing Officer for

Crick lade to act as She-

riffs for Counties under

this Act, Sec,

C. 36. Anno vicesimo o£tavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

XLI. * And whereas every Freeholder being above the Age of twenty-one Years, who shall have,

* within the Hundreds or Divisions of Higbworth, Cricklade, Staple, King/bridge, and Malmsbury, or one or

* more of them, in the County of JVilts, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, and being

4 duly qualified to vote at Elections of Knights of the Shire for the said County of IVilts, is by Law entitled to

4 eive his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for foe Borough of Crick-

4 lade, in the said County of IVilts Be it therefore further enacted and declared by foe Authority aforesaid.

That, after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no such Freeholder as afore-

said shall have a Right to vote (as such) at any Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for

the said Borough of Cricklade, unless he shall, in pursuance of this AS, have qualified himself to vote at

Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of tVilts, for and in respect of

a Freehold Estate lying in, or issuing out of, one or more of the said Hundreds or Divisions ; and at every

Election of any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, the Returning

Officer of the said Borough shall, with respect to the Vote of every Person claiming to vote by virtue of

any such Freehold Estate, aft merely ministerially, and in the same Manner as the Sheriff of any County

aforesaid is by this Act directed to act at the Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in

Parliament for such County; and instead of the Oath now by Law directed to be administered at the Election

of any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for foe laid Borough, the Returning Officer of the said

Borough shall and is hereby required to administer, or to cause to be administered, to every Person claiming

to vote at any such Election by virtue of any such Freehold Estate, the respective Declarations aforesaid m

the respective Cafes above specified.

N# I.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Specifying the Form of the 44 REGISTER of

FREEHOLDERS0 for in the County of

de, and if||

Freeholder’s Christian Name and Surname —

Freeholder’s Addition, Profession, or Trade —

Freeholder’s usual Place of Abode,

in a Town, naming the Street

Freehold Estate (that is) whether it bel

44 Lands” or 44 Messuage” [naming some

Occupier of the Lands or Messuage] or

44 Tythesor 44 Office of” [naming such

Office] or 44 Rent Charge” — —,

If Freeholder be present at the Time of En- 1

rolment, write the Word 44 Present •” if> -----

absent, write 44 Absent” —• — j

The above Enrolment is N° and was made on foe

hundred and

Day of one thousand

Witness my Hand,

Register-keeper.

Memorandum.—This Day of one thousand hundred and

I one of the Justices of the Peace for do certify, That

who acts as Register-keeper for the above-mentioned District, personally appeared this Day before me, and

informed me, that (to the best of his Knowledge, Information, and Belief) foe Person whole Name is

enrolled in the above Enrolment

1 ■—. "—A—i . —> .- »■ ■ - ■ i ■ ■ i A., i — ■ ■

has disposed of his

Estate in foe said District.

Witness my Hand,

Justice.

is dead

Witness my Hand,

Justice.

Note for the Printer, respecting the 44 Register of Freeholders/9

EVERY Page of each Register of Freeholders must be of the above Form, and made of lam and

durable Paper; and each Register must have a substantial Binding; and there must be five hundred Pages,

of the above Form, in each Register; and every such Register must contain a Copy of this Act on durable

Paper, of the lame Size as the said Pages, and printed in the Roman Letter, or in the Roman and Italic},

Each of the five hundred Pages aforesaid must have a progressive Number printed in large Figures (after foe

N° in the above Schedule); and "articular Care must be taken, that in each and every such Register all

the said Numbers be in progressive Order*

4 Note

