376

Preamble.

So much of

9 Geo. 3. c. 39.

as relates to frre

Importaiion of

Raw Hides and

Skint fronvlre-

land, and the

BritishiAmericao

PJantationifcon«

Unued to June 1,

1791, &c.

So much of 16

Geo. 3. c. 37. at

relates to allow-

ing the Exporta-

tion of Wheat,

*c. to the Su-

C. 34—36. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

44 cicncy of Duties on Tea; 240,324/. 19 s. 10 d. 3-8th?, for Deficiency of Grants for 1786. Supplies

44 not to be applied to any other (Jibs than before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application df

44 the Sum granted for Half Pay. By 26 Geo. 3. Cap. 61. a Sum not exceeding 172,666/. 10s. 5 d. was

44 appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers, for 1786. Overplus Monies, above satistying Half Pay Of-

44 fleers, to be disposed of to Oificers who were maimed, ifc. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and

44 Children, as his Majesty shall direct.”

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

At} to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to fell and difpefe of certain Fee-farm

Rents, and other Rentsy and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey; and to

encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy; and to enable the said Chancellor and

Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

“ So much of Act 19 Geo. 3. c. 45. as reftrifts the Sale of the Rents therein described to not left than 25

“ Years Purchase, repealed. Authority given to feil the said Rents at any Prices not under the following

44 Rates, viz. For Rents upwards of for. per Ann. 24 Years Purchase; 5 /. and under 10 j. 22 Years Pur-

44 chafe; 1 s. and under 55. 20 Years Purchase. Owners of Lands to have the Preference of Purchase.

44 Money arisen or to arise by the Sale of the said Rates, may be applied in Satisfaction'of any Sums

44 charged upon his Majesty’s Lands on Account of Inclosures in the Duchy of Lancaster, &c. Bank to

44 permit any Person authorised by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, to transfer the Stock

44 (landing in the Name of the Duchy. Chancellor and Council may retain Money arising by Sale of the

44 Rates to answer Expencej. After Payment of all Cods and Charges before mentioned, the Residue of

44 Purchase Money to be laid out, ifc. according to Act 19 Geo. 3. c. 4j. Agreements entered into by

44 Qrderof the Chancellor and Council with Mortgagees, if c. to be valid. Interest due to his Majesty under

44 any Agreement in pursuance of this Act may be distrained for as for Rent.”

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Pecquifites, and Emolu-

ments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to

examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame; and to report such Observations as shall occur to

them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices. [The former

Commission continued to the End of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides

and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Ex-

portation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty’s Sugar

Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made

use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the

seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts

beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species

of British and IriJJj Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign Raw Linen

Yarns made of Flax imported.

c WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and are near expiring be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the

British Plantations in America, which was to continue in force for five Years from the first Day oI June

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which by several Acts, made in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, was continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the

first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the sixteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An All for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities

of Wheats and other Articles, to his Majestfs Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Jjland of Saint Helena,

and to the other Settlements belonging to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

and (f Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying

all

