?72

Act t Geo. i,

c. 36. recited

in Part*

From Sept, 1,

1786,if Paper

be begun to be

Aained, Sec. be-

fore measured

and marked, to

be forfeited, and

20I. Penalty in-

curred for every

Piece,

Paper for which

the Dutiei shall

hare been

charged be-

fore Sept, t,

1786, maybe

rtacnpt before

J»n. i, 1787 5

ani after Jin. 1,

1787* every fin-

ale Sheet found

in the Pofcflion

of a Dealer to be

deemed to hare

been ftaine l af-

ter Sept 1,1786,

and feisable if

not stampt.

After Jan. f,

1787, no Draw-

backs be allow-

ed oa Paper

stained before

Sept. 1, 17^6,

onlefs duly

JUttpt.

C. 78.

Anno viedimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

of, and charge the Duties thereon, and the fame shall be measured, marked, and charged with the Duties ;

md the said Printer, Painter, or Stainer, shall pay the Duties for the fame within (ix Months after the said

Charge shall be so made ; or if the said Paper, or any Part thereof, shall be finiftied in less Time, then such

Printer, Painter, or Stainer, shall pay the Duties for the said Paper, or any Part thereof, within one Fort-

night after the fame shall be so finished respectively.

‘ And whereas by a certain other Act of Parliament, passed in the first Year of the Reign of King

1 Georg E the First, intituled, An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder^and Perry,

1 for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for compelling several Receivers tb

1 finish and clear their Accounts \ and for making Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Order?,

1 lojl, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets $ and for

1 allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act for the Ser vice of the Year one thousand f even hundred' and

1 ten ; and for recovering Monies offeveral Land Taxes, r fling in the Hands of Collectors or Conjlabks at

1 Saint Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Sope-> and for limiting a Time for Persons

4 who have certain Annuities for Life or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer ; and for

4 preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes, and other Things therein

4 mentioned; it was, among other Things, enacted. That before any Paper should be printed, painted, or

4 stained, the Officers for the Duties thereon should be permitted to take Accounts of the Quantities and

4 Dimensions of all Paper for Printing, Painting, or Staining, which, at any Time or Times, should be in

* the Custody or Possession of any such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, and upon taking such Account thereof,

4 should mark or (lamp every Sheet and Piece thereof with a Stamp or Seal, provided as by the said A St is

4 directed: And whereas the (lamping every Sheet of Paper, in Cafes where many Sheets of Paper are

4 afterwards joined together in one Piece, in order to be printed, painted, ordained, is found inefficient to

4 secure the Duties on such Paper, and it is necessary that some further additional Mark or Stamp

4 should be put on every such Piece of Paper, or Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet shall be

4 printed, painted, or ftainedbe it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and

after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every Printer, Painter,

or Stainer of Paper, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, before he, (he, or they shall

print, paint, or (lain any Piece of Paper, Or any Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet of Paper (nail be

printed, painted, or stained, shall produce and shew such Piece of Paper, or such Sheet of Paper, to the

proper Officer for the said Duties, and such Officer shall take an Account thereof; and in case such Officer

finds that every Sheet thereof is marked or stamped as by the aforesaid Act is required, he shall measure the

fame, and mark such Piece of Paper, or such Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted,

or stained, at both Ends thereof, with a Frame Mark, denoting the Measure thereof, and with such other

Number or Mark as the Commissioners for the said Duties shall direct; and in case any Printer, Painter, or

Stainer of Paper, shall begin to print, paint, or (lain any Piece of Paper, or any Sheet of Paper, where a

single Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted, or stained, before the fame shall have been measured and marked

at both Ends thereof by the Officer for the said Duties, as by this Act is directed, every such Piece or Sheet

of Paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer for the said Duties, and the Printer, Painter,

or Stainer, in whose Possession the fame shall be found, shall also forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every

such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper so printed, painted, or stained, without having been measured and

marked as aforesaid.

4 VI. And, to the End that Paper printed, painted, or stained, and already charged with the Duties

4 thereon, may not be improperly seized,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any

Time before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, any Printer, Painter,

or Stainer of Paper, or any Dealer in printed, painted, or stained Paper, may give two Days Notice to the

proper Officer for the said Duties, that he desires to have such printed, painted, or stained rapier, which has

been already charged with the said Duties before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, to be marked and stamped according to the Directions of this Act; and such Officer, having

received such Notice as aforesaid, shall attend, and in case he shall find that every Sheet of such Paper is

marked or stamped as by the said former Acts is required, he shall (lamp or seal every Piece of such Paper

so already charged with the said Duties, and every Sheet, where a fingie Sheet is printed, painted, or stained,

at both Ends thereof, with such Stamp or Seal as is by this Act directed to be used, to denote that the

Duties have been charged thereupon, or with such other Stamp or Seal as the Commissioners for the said

Duties shall direct to be used ; and from and after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-seven, every Piece of Paper printed, painted, or stained, and every Sheet of such Paper, where

a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, that shall be found in the Possession of any Printer,

Painter, or Stainer of any Paper, or of any Dealer therein, shall be deemed to have been printed, painted,

or stained, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and in case

the fame shall not be stamped and sealed at both Ends thereof, as by this Act is directed, the fame shall be

forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Excise or for the said Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first Day of January

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, no Person shall be intitled to any Drawback of the Duties

upon Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, upon the Exportation of any such Paper printed,

painted, or stained, before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ux, that

shall not have such Stamp or Seal at both Ends thereof, as is herein-beforelailly directed, any Thing in this

Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 VIII. And whereas Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper may frequently have Occasion to cut Pieces

c of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, into Remnants or Parts for Samples or for other Purposes/ be it

enacted

