A.<P. i (fit*. C.1.3. 269

Acre {hall be ipifed, levied, cplledted, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several «>fhd»«Sche-

Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities,.unentioned and described in the Schedule marked (F.) 4^eSf^

hereunto annexed, the'several Sums of Money and Duties of Excile, as they are respectively 'inserted, e 9 c*

described, jztnd set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in

fefpeft of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is

by this-Ail impqfed, to the several Persons entitled to the tame, the several Allowances, Bounties, and

{Drawbacks of Excise, as the fame are also respcitively inserted, deferLbed, and set forth in the said Schedule ;

dpd also all other (uchipecial Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in

force on and immediately before the tenth Day of A/ay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That such of the Duties of Excise by New Duties to

this A Si imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management bc

of the Commissioners of Excise in England Sox the Time being \ and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for er'ofETcife00*

the Time being, and,shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the Person and ana to be »c-

ferfons liable to the accounting for, clearing off. Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time counted for as

and Times, and inflich Manner, as the Duties of Excile, and other Duties under the Management of the the repealed Do.

said Commissioners of Excise reflectively (hereby rq>caled j, chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Mer- uei were»

chandize, and Commodities, respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were, by

any Act or Acts of Parliament in force 011 and immediately before the said tenth Day of May one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-seven, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged. T

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several bums of Money *Ad itmy %e

^efpediively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.), as the Duties

of Excise, and the Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of the Duties of Excise, upon the several Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities also inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, Manner!

Collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed (except where any Alteration is uniefg hereby J

exprefely made by this Act), in such and thelike Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, altered*

Or Methods by which the former Duties of Excisev and other Duties under the Management of the said Com-

Bi Stone is of Excise respectively, and Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, and other

uties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, in general; and also by any

pr either of die foecjal Means, VVays,*or Methods, respectively, by which the former Duties of Excise, and

bther Duties under t-he Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, and Allowances, Boun-

ties^ and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners

of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respec-

tively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed

and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, the Goo*

or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Allowances, Bounties, or Drawbacks of Duties of Excise,

as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.), shall be, E^fe'br Jhf*

and the lame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Re* An. to be Tub-

(trillions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities in general, and also patotheCon-

ali and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to dition, &c. they

'which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of

Parliament* in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty- y ’ 71

seven, respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Dudes under the Management of the said Commissioners of

Efccife respectively, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts

of this Session of Parliament;. and; all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture of any Nature or *d tbft Penal

Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against, or in J^eex^endcdto

Breach of any Act or AdtS of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one this* Act!" 4

thousand seven hupdred and eighty-seven, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or other Duties under

. the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement

thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained (unless where expreisly altered

by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, prac*

tiled, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Allowances, Bounties,

and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all

Intents and Purposes whatever, as.if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions,

Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particulary repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act. pun?.*, Ac. on ,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where Duties are Im- Qoan-

posed, or Drawbacks allowed, by this Act, on any specifick Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, jYaYrlvtV°p Y-

the tame,shall, in every Cafe, be understood and deemed and taken to apply, in the lame Proportion, and ii,,i‘abiy u> any"

after the feme Rate, to any Quantity less than such specifick Quantity. lets Q^un itics.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising from Duties, either by All Duties cd-.

Bond or otherwise, respecting the Revenues of Customs and Excise, raised, levied, collected, or paid, from ar.d i^ed alter m\y

after the tenth Day of /Iday one thousand.seven hundred and eighty-seven, for or on account of any Goods, 10,17^7? eirr.tr

Wares, or Merchandize whatever, imported or brought into Great Britain, or brought or carried Coastwise, orh

or from. Port to Port within the said Kingdom, or made or manufactured therein, on or before the tenth Day *Yhc!ore°that

of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven (although the Amount of the said Duties may have been Day, rmy be ar-

comput^d, ascertained, and received, in the like Manner in which they have heretofore been ulually Computed, plied as iheDu

ascertained, and received), and also all the Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the ticJ 'rnPJ^

jwhich shall,nave been charged or become due- betipte the tenth Day-ofW^v lblJ *c*

N n 2 one

