14

Gtncral, 6e. at

Fort William {

or Cemmaoder

in Chief of Fort

Saint George, or

Bombay, to be

Frefideat there,

6c.

la extraordinary

Ca(ei, the Go-

vernor General,

he. may id

without the Con*

cunrence of the

Comndl.

Governor Ge-

neral. 6c. to be

rcfponfible.

Red rift ion of

the Powers given

to the Governor

General, 6c.

Difcrerionary

Powtra not to

be exercised by

any Governor

General, 6c.

who dial I caf«.

ally succeed to

ffick Office.

Certain Ctfe*

an which the

new f ewer*

C. 16. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

of the Company’s Forces in India to be Governor General, or a Member of the Supreme Council at Fort

William in Bengal\ or from appointing either of the said Commanders in Chief of Fort Saint George and

Bombay to be President or Member of the Council for the Presidency wherein he shall so be the Commander

in Chief; or to prevent or preclude the Court of Directors of the said Company from appointing the Go-

vernor General of Bengal* or any other Member of the Supreme Council for the Time being, to be the

Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India \ or from appointing either of the Governors or

Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or any of the Members of Council of the said respective Pre-

(idencies for the Time being, to be Commander in Chief of the Forces within the feme Presidency of which

he shall be the Governor or President, or a Member of Council, if the said Court of Directors shall think

fit and expedient so to do.

VII. And whetcas it would tend greatly to the Strength and Security of the British Possessions in India,

and give Energy, Vigour, and Dispatch to the Measures and Proceedings of the executive Government

4 within the respective Presidencies, if the Governor General of Fort IVtUiam in Bengal, and the several

4 Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay were veiled with a diferetionary Power of acting

4 without the Concurrence of their respective Councils, or forbearing to act, according to their Opinions

c in Cafes of high Importance, and efientially affecting the public Interest and Welfare, thereby subjecting

( themselves personally to answer to their Country for so acting or forbearing toa&be it therefore enacted.

That when and so often as any Meaiureor Quell ion shall be proposed or agitated in the Supreme Council

at Fort William in Bengal, or in either of the Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the

Interests of the said United Company, or the Safety or Tranquillity of the Srttish Possessions in India, or

any Part thereof, are or may, in the Judgment of the Governor General, or of the Presidents of such

Councils respectively, be efientially concerned or affected; and the said Governor General, or such Prefi-

dents respectively, (nail be of Opinion, that it will be expedient either that the Meafarcs so proposed 'or

agitated ought to be adopted or carried into Execution, or that the fame ought to be fofpended, or wholly

reje&cd, and the several other Members of such Council then present shall differ in, ana difient from such

Opinion, the said Governor General, or the President of such Council, and the other Members thereof

shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with, and communicate in Council td

each other in Writing, under their respective Hands (to be recorded at large on their Secret Confutations)‘,

the respective Grounds and Reasons of their respective Opinions; and it, after considering the feme, thd

said Governor General, or the said Presidents respectively, and the other Members of the said Council^

shall severally retain their Opinions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor General in the

Supreme Council of Fort William, or for either of the said Governors or Presidents in their respective

Councils, to make and declare any Order (to be signed and subscribed by the said Governor General, or

by the Governor or President making the feme} for suspending or rejecting the Meafiire or Question so

proposed or agitated, in Part or in Whole, or to make and declare such Order and Resolution for adopting

and carrying the Measure so proposed or agitated into Execution, as the said Governor General, or the said

Governors or Presidents, in their respective Councils, shall think fit and expedient; which feid lad-men-

tioned Order and Resolution, so made and declared, shall be signed, as well by the said Governor Genera],

or the Governor or President, so making and declaring the lame, as by all the other Members of the

Council then present, and shall be as effectual and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said other

Members had advised the fame, or concurred therein; any Thing in the said former A& contained to the

contrary notwithstanding: And the said Members of Council, and all Officers Civil and Military, and all

other Persons concerned, shall be, and they are hereby commanded, authorised, and enjoined to be obedient

thereto, and to be aiding and assisting in their respective Stations in the carrying the fame into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor General, or the Governor or President, who

shall declare and command any such Order or Resolution to be made and recorded without the Afient or

Concurrence of any of the other Members of Council, shall alone be held responsible for the fame, and

the Consequences thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A& contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to give Power to the said Governor General of Fort fVtlUam in Bengal, or to

either of the said Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry

into Execution any Order or Resolution which, before the passing of this AS, could not have been law-

fully made and executed with the Concurrence of the Councils of their rclpc&ive Governments or Prefi-

dencies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared. That nothing in this A St contained shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to give any diferetionary Power or Authority of acting or forbearing to a£L

without the Concurrence of the other Members of Council, unto any Person on whom the said Office of

Governor General, or the said Office of Governor or President, respectively, (bail happen to devolve, by

the Death or Resignation of any Governor General, Governor or President, for the Time being relpec-

lively, unless such rerfon shall have been provisionally appointed to succeed to such respective Office by the

Court of Directors of the said Company, or unless and until he shall be afterwards confirmed in the said

Office by the said Court; but that, during the Time any of the said Offices shall be so held and executed by

any Person on whom the fame shall have, so casually devolved, unless he shall have been so provisionally

appointed thereto, or until he shall be so confirmed therein as aforesaid, all Matters, Acts, Orders, and Re-

olutjons of the respective Council wherein such Persons shall so preside, shall be determined by the Majority

of the Council, in the like Manner as if this A& had not been made; any Thing herein before contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing.herein contained shall intitle the said Governor Ge-

neral of Fort William in Bengal, or either of the Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay

respectively.

