How Penalties

are ro be tcc»«

vend and i»p- '

pled.

A.D. i?^9« Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 58, 59. 579

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in

the federal Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported\) for paying for the Returns by

that A ft oulered to be made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, except where

it is otherwise directed by this Act, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender s Goods and Chat-

tels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace atting in and lor the County, Di-

vifijn, or Place, where the Offence shall be -committed; which Warrants such Justice is hereby impowered

and required to grant, upon tnc Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one

or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and re-

quired to administer;) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if

any be), upon Demand, to the Party or Parties w hole Goods and Chattels shall be so di drained and fold

(the Charges of such Distress and Sale being tirft deducted), shall be paid to the Treasurer for the County,

and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Diffrels shall not be found, or such

Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby au-

thorifed and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caule such Offender or Offenders to be com-

mitted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be

committed, there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months,

nor left than thirty Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner

fully paid and satisfied.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (in-

4 tituled. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,) Wheat, and Wheat Flour, Rye, Peale,

4 Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, and Oats, are allowed to be imported without Payment of the Duties therein

4 mentioned, in the Manner and under the Regulations and Reffriftions in the said Act specified, into the

4 several Ports of Bri/lol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn

4 Pegisy Lane after, Liverpool, Milford, Newcastle, Ntwhaven, Poole, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven,

4 Yarmouth, Ayr, Leith, Port Glasgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, any or either of them: And whereas it is expe-

4 dient that the said Privilege should be extended to the Port of Bsftonbe it therefore enacted, T hat from

and after the passing of this Act, Wheat or Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, and Oats,

shall and may be imported into the said Port of Bcston, without Payment of Duties, at the fame Times, in

the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are by the said Act of the thir-

teenth Year of his present Majesty specified, provided, and enacted, for the lame being imported into the said

several other Ports.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of

August in this present Year, and until the twenty-ninth Day of September in this present Year, it shall not

be lawful to export from this Kingdom, or to load, ship, or lay on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat,

in order to be exported from this Kingdom, any British Corn or Grain, except Barley or Malt exported

under the Regulations of the Laws now in force, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof; and that all

Corn or Grain so forfeited, shall and may be seized, (ued for, prosecuted, and condemned, in such and the

like Manner, and by such and the like:Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Corn or Grain forfeited by any

JL»aw now in force may be seized, sued for, prosecuted, and condemned, and that the Produce thereof shall

and may be applied in the same Manner as the Produce of any Corn or Grain forfeited by any Law now in

force may be applied.

XXIa. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whereas by the Laws now in force, and by the Pro-

visions herein-before contained, certain limited Quantities of certain Sorts of Corn or Grain are allowed to

be exported to particular Places specified in the said Laws, and in this Act, notwithstanding that the Prices

cf such Corn or Grain respectively shall be above the Rates at which the fame may be exported, it shall and

may be lawful, at any Time previous to the said twenty-ninth Day of September in this present Year, to ex-

port to such Places respectively the whole of such limited Quantities of such Sorts of Corn or Grain, or such

Quantities as may be still necessary to complete such limited Quantities; or to export Corn or Grain for the

tJle of any of his Majesty’s Garrisons or Forces, in the same Manner as the fame may now by Law be ex-

ported; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Regulations, Powers, and Au- Art to com-

thorities of this Act, shall commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, apd performed, imme- mmee Sept. 29,

diately from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-n;nc, un- ,789*

less otherwise specially directed by this Act.

13 Geo. j.e. 4?»

recited.

and the Prm*

lege thereby

granted to

Bristol, Sec. ex-

tended to Botfos*

From Aag. r,

to Sept. 29,

1789, it /hall

not be lawful to

export any

BritiQa Coin or

Grain, except

Barley or Milt,

under Penalty of

Forfeiture

thereof j

except certain

limited Quan-

tities allowed

by Law to be

caponed to par*

ticoUr Places,

sod I 01 n or

Grain for the

Use of hit

Miiefly’s Gar-

rilona cr Forces,

CAP. LIX.

An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas, exported to the Islands of and

Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of , and to as

is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland ox America.

"W/ HEREAS a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties paid upon Teas, which have been regulai Iy Pieambie,

imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

Indict, and for which the Duties of Customs and Excite have been paid, is allowed to the Exporter on

the due Exportation thereof to the Kingdom of Ireland,into the Colonies in America, on certain

29 Geo. III. 4 G Conditions t

