A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o£fcavo Georgii III. C. 8. 407

CAP. VIII.

An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the

Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining

such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and

Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the

said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues

in the Manner therein mentioned.

* TT/HEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

* W (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-

* fans, and of the British Possessions in India ; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy

4 and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East: Indies), his Ivlajesty is empowered

4 to nominate and appoint a Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India: And whereas, by the said

4 A&, the said Board of Commissioners is inveited with the Superintend,mce and Controul over all the

4 British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies, and over the Affairs of the United Company of Mer-

4 chants trading thereto, in the Manner in the said Act directed ; and is likewise authorised and empowered

4 from Time to Time to superintend, direct, and controul all Acts, Operations, and Concerns, whidh in

4 anywise relate to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Possessions, in the Manner iti

4 the said A£fc directed : And whereas the Court of Directors of the said Company is required by the said Act

4 to pay due Obedience to, and to be governed and bound by, such Orders and Directions as the said Court

4 shall from Time to Time receive from the said Board, touching the Civil or Military Government and

* Revenues of the said Possessions : And whereas, nevertheless, Doubts have been raised, whether the said

4 Commissioners are, under the said Act, empowered at any Time to direct, that the Expence of raising,

4 transporting, and maintaining such Forces as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Ter-

4 ritories and Possessions in the East Indies, shall be defrayed out of toe Revenues arising from the said Ter-

4 ritories and Possessions, unless such Troops are sent at the express Requisition of the Ea/l India Company*

4 and particularly whether, under the Circumstances now existing, the said Commissioners are not restrained,

4 by certain Provisions contained in the said Act, from giving such Directions with respeff to the Expence

4 of raising, transporting, and maintaining any Forces which may be sent to India for the Security of the

4 said Possessions, in Addition to the Forces now there : And whereas it appears that, by reafan of the said

4 Doubts, the said Directors have delayed to take Measures for transporting in the said Company’s Ships

4 the Forces which his Majesty has judged necessary to be sent to India for the Security of the said Pol-

4 sessions:’ Therefore, for obviating every such Doubt, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted

and declared, and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India

was and is by the said Act fully authorised and empowered to order and direct that all the Expences incurred,

or to be hereafter incurred, for railing, transporting, and maintaining such Forces as shall be lent to India

for the Security of the said Territories and Possessions, shall be paid, defrayed, and borne out of the Reve-

nues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and that nothing in the said Act contained extended or

extends, or shall be construed to extend, to restrain or to have restrained the said Commissioners trom giving

such Orders or Directions as aforesaid, with respect to the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining

any Forces which may be sent to India for the Security of the said Possessions, in Addition to the Forces

now there.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said

Commissioners to give or approve any such Direction as aforesaid, with respect to the Payment of any greater

Number of his Majesty’s Forces than shall amount in the whole to eight thousand and forty-five Men, in-

cluding the Commissioned and Non-com mi ifioned Officers ; or of the European f orces of the East India

Company, than shall amount in the whole to twelve thousand two hundred Men, including the Commis-

fioned and Non-commissioned Officers.

III. 4 And whereas it is expedient that further Provisions should be made for limiting the Application of

4 the said Revenues, with respect to the established Salaries and Allowances to be paid therefrom to any Per-

4 son in India, and with respect to any extraordinary Allowances or Gratuities to be paid therefrom to

4 any Person on account of Services performed in India \ be it therefore funher enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners for the Adairs of India to give, or caffe to be

given, any Directions, ordering or authorising, by any Dilpatches to oe lent to India, the Increase of the

established Salaries, Allowances, or Emoluments of any Office in the Service of the lad Company, beyond

the Amount to which the fame arc now fixed by the Orders which nave been sent to India, unless such In-

crease shall i e specified and contained in some Dispatch proposed Dy the said Court of Directors to be sent to

India, and transmitted by them to the said Commissioners lor their Approbation ; and unfits an Account of

the actual Salaries, Allowances, and Emoluments of such Office, and of the increase proposed to be nude

therein, wita the Realons for such Increase, shall have been laid before both Houses of Parliament thirty Days

before such Dispatch shall be sent.

2$ Geo. HL 3 H IV. And

Preamble.

*4Ceo -3.Seir.ft*

c«»5 recited*

Hoard of Con-

missioner* ap-

pointed under

the recited

empowered to

direct all Ex-

pence< for raif-

ing, &c. Forces

sent to India, to

be defrayed out

of the Revenue*

of the Terri-

tories there.

Cosimissioner*

not to give Di-

rections for the

Payment of a

greater Number

of Troops than

herein specified.

Commissioner*

not to give Di-

redfions for in-

creasing Sahiies

beyond the

/'mount fixed by

Order? *hich

have been lent

to India, unlt f*

propos d by the

Dirc£lor3,ic.

C.

