The TITLES of the STATUTE

iro. An Act for supplying North Shields, and the Shipping

reporting thereto, wi h \Vater.

m. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late

ivLjesty King George the Seconder rebuilding, widen-

ing, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the

City cf Bristol, and creeling a temporary Bridge adjoining;

and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages

sleading thereto ; and for building another Bridge over Jorne

ether Part of the said River, within the failCity (if ne-

itssary) \ and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto ;

and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to

Temple-Street in the said City.

H2. An Act: for raising a competent Sum of Money to de-

fray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen,

Patrols, and Bccdles, within the Parishes of Saint Mar-

garet and Saint 'John the Evangelist, in the City of Weft-

minster.

113. An Act for widening several Streets in the City of

Edinburgh ; for opening a Communication from Queen's

Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial

Ground ; and for extending the Royalty of the said City

over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

114. An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s

Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintain-

ing, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John,

Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

115. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better

regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking in the

County of Essex ; and for regulating the Common Wharf

within the Town of Barking.

116. An Act for paving the Footways and Passages in the

Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and

for better cleansing and lighting the said Town ; for tak-

ing down certain old Buildings now (landing therein; and

for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nui-

fances, and Annoyances.

117. An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Church

of All Saints, in the Town of NewcqJUe upon Tyne, and

for enlarging the Church-yard, and making convenient

Avenues'and Passages thereto.

118. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folke/lone, and

the Parishes of Folkestone, Cher it on, Newington next Hithe,

Stanford, P fling, Lyminge, Elham, P addicjworth, Acris,

Szvingfield, and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent.

119. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and

watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places,

within the Borough of Newport, in the Ijle of Wight;

and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future,

Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

120. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching

the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places,

within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The

dink, or Eijhop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of

Saint Saviour, Southivark, in the County of Surrey ; for the

Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroach-

ments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for laying

out two new Streets, and widening and regulating several

other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty ;

for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley; and for

ihutting up in the Night Time the Way leading from

Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side.

121. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax,

to be raijed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear

one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix.

122. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for amending,

widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several

Roads leading from the Alarket Crqfs, in the Town of Ware-

ham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

123. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A St

of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairings

widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to

and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset.

124. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A St

passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby,

to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said

County.

125. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jest King George the Third, for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from Worksop, in the County of Notting-

ham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anfton, Alton,

Handsworth, and Damall, to the North-east End of At-

tercliffe, in the County of York, where the fame joins the

Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

126. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Livetpool to Prston, in the County of Lancaster.

127. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the fifth Year of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads

from The Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next

Wisbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields, and The

Bell Inn, in Wifbeacn, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of

The Bear, in Walfoken, in the County ^Norfolk; and

from Walfoken Bridge, lying over the fame Drain, to the

said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Isling-

ton ; and from thenci to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge

and German’s Bridge, in the County 0/* Norfolk ; and from

the East End of German’s Bridge aforesaid, to the Weft

End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of

King’s Lynn, in the said County ^Norfolk; and from

Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Walh, in the said County*

128. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening,

and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great

Torrington, in the County of Devon.

129. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the Third, for repairing and widening fe-

veral Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin,

in the County of Cornwall.

130. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

Tfoe Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bed-

ford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shqf-

ford House, in the County of Hertford.

131. An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair,

certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, New-

ington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ

Church, in the County of Surrey ; and for watching and

lighting the said Roads.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term of two Acts, of the

fifth and ninth Years of his present Majesty, so far as the

fame relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wat's

Cross to Ccwden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crock-

hurst Hatch Corner, and from Penjhurst Town to South-

borough, in the County of Kent.

133. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts,

made in the fifth and seventh Years of his present Ma-

jesty.

^.oooole

