A* D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 44.—46. 479

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons

who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Diilenfions in Ame-

rica, in contequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

c* John Wilmot Esquire, Colonel Robert King ft on. Colonel ‘Thomas Dundas, John Mcirfn Esquire, Jeremy

€i Pemberton Esquire, and Robert Mackenzie Esquire, are conffituted Commissioners for the Purposes of the

Act; and may examine Parties on Oath. Persons delivering in fraudulent Claims to be excluded from

t4 any Compensation. Persons giving fall'e Evidence to be liable to the Penalties of Perjury. Commis-

44 Goners may appoint Persons to travel in America to inquire into Fads. Commissioners in England after

44 August i, and Commissioners in America after December 1, 1788, not to proceed in Claims presented, cx-

44 cept to complete such as shall have* been proceeded on previous to those Periods respectively. Memorials'

44 presented to the Treasury previous to June 3, 1788, by Persons who furnished Provisions to the Navy and

44 Army in America, See. to be transmitted to tile Commissioners. Commissioners may receive the Claims

44 of certain Persons named in the Ad, Commissioners to inquire into the Claims of Sufferers by the

44 Cession of Georgia to the Americans* Commissioners to give an Account of their Proceedings to the

44 Treasury and Secretaries of State. Treasury to pay 4,000/. to the Commissioners; for paying Clerks,

44 Uc. Commissioners may receive Half-pay. In case of the Death, &c. of a Commissioner during the

44 Recess of Parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. This Act to continue to July 1 $, 1789.”

CAP. XLV.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

{To be in force till one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon

Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the

Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof \

and for better regulating the Exportation of British-VM&z Spirits from England to

Scotland\ and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinuey for

ti limited Timey the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Con-

fumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof;

and for the better Regulation of. the making and vending British Spirits : And for difeon-

tinuing, for a limited Limey certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported

from ike West Indies.

4 7TIERE AS it is expedient that Spirits made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Preamble.

4 V V Exportation to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Spirits made in that Part of Great

4 Britain called Scotland, for Exportation to that Part of Great Britain called England, should be made and

4 exported under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein-after in that Behalf provided,

4 and that the several Duties of Excise by this Act granted should be imposed ; and also that the several

4 Rules, Regulations, Rcffridtions, and Provisions herein-after contained for securing the due Payment of the

4 said Duties, and for preventing, dctecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, should be provided:’

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

pretent Parliament assembkd, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July For one V>ar

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, fr,m J *b

his Heirs and Stfcceflors, for and during the Term of one Year, to be computed and reckoned from the said to

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and pighty-eight, the several Duties of Excise herein-after bTievud wi

mentioned; (that is to fayJ Scotland, viz.

For and upon every Gallon, Er.glish Wine Measure, of the cubical Content of each and every Still, Forrv-ry GJ’on

including the Head, which shall be used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the ^onr*ntso1 Is

making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash, or tbr making

Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of three i.0w w.r.es,&c.

Pounds 1 fru*n Briiilh Mi-

% teruls, 3 I*

For and upon every Gallon, Englift) Wine Measure, of the cubical Content of each and every Still, For every

including the Head, which shall be used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of those of<d ior

for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melaflcs or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of Wjne"

five Pounds: T D r Msl-uTsf, ‘s1.

&8 Geo. III. 3 R For

toy

