A. D. 1787* Anno vicesimo feptlmo Georgii I IT. C, 13. <265

XIX. 4 And whereas certain Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are by this Act charged with, and made

4 subject to. Duty on Exportation from this Kingdom, according to the Value thereof;’ be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be as-

certained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in Man-

ner and Form following; (that is to (ay,)

44 J A. B. do hereby declare. That I am the Exporter or Proprietor of the Goods mentioned in thifr

44 Entry ; and I do enter the fame at the Value of Witness my Hand, the Day

tt of

44 A. B.

44 The above Declaration, signed the Day of in the Presence of

44 C\ D. Collector.

44 E. F. Comptroller, or other Principal Officer.”

Which Declaration shall be written on the Entry outwards of such Goods, Ware9, or Merchandize, ancT

shall be subscribed with the Hand of the Exporter or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, in

the Pirefence of two of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, of which the Col-

lector shall be one, who shall certify the fame under their Hands; and such Declaration, so made and signed

as herein directed, shall be to all Intents and Purposes whatever of the fame Force and Efteft, and the Ex-

porter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be in every Respect bound by such

Declaration as fully and effectually, as if the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize had been, as

heretofore, ascertained by the Oath or-Affirmation of such Exporter or Proprietor ; and if. upon View and

Examination thereof by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, it (nail appear to nim of them that

such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are not valued, by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor there-

of, according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

that then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers of the Customs to detain the fame,

in such and the like Manner as the Officer* of the Customs are by this Act authorised to detain Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign Parts, and liable to pay Duty at Value according

to the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, and which shall

. appear to be undervalued; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so appearing to be undervalued by the

Exporter or Proprietor thereof, shall be secured in such Manner, and under such and the like Regulations,

and shall and maybe disposed of, and the Produce applied, in such Manner, and under such and the like

Regulations, as Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign Parts, and

liable to pay Duty at Value according to the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and which

shall appear to be undervalued, are by this Act directed to be detained, secured, and disposed of, and the

Produce thereof applied; and the Exporter or Proprietor shall in such Cafe be paid in like Manner, and unde*

the like Authority, by the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty’s Customs, in case the Goods*

Wares, or Merchandize shall be entered for Exportation in the Port of London, or by the Collectors of his

Majesty’s Customs at the other Ports of Great Britain respectively, if the Goods shall be entered for Ex-

portation at any other Port than the Port of London, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from

the Revenue of Customs, the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so ascertained as aforesaid by

the Exporter or Proprietor thereof, together with ten Pounds per Centum, and also the Customs paid on the

Entry for Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, without any further Allowance on any

Account whatever, which Payment shall be made within fifteen Days after the said Goods, Wares, or Mer-»

chandize shall have been so taken and detained.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Money shall be paid into the

Hands of any Collector of the Customs in any Port of this Kingdom, on Account of the Produce of such

Sale, shall be, by every such Collector, applied in like Manner as if the same had been received by him on

Account of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted and imposed*.

The Value of

Goods, charge-

able with Duties

according there—

to, on Exporta-

tion, to be af-

ceriained in the

Manner hereitt-

mentioned-;

which Declare*

lion of the Va-

lve /hall be as

binding as if

made on Oath y

and if the Good!

are undervalued,

to be disposed of,

&c. at Goods

imported and

undervalued arc

directed to be.

Chlle&ots of the

Customs to ac-

count for Money

received for Sale

of Goods under-

valued, as for Dntiet granted by thia A

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fronvand after the tenth Day of May

one thofuand sevenliundred and eighty-seven, the Bounty or Allowance to Masters of Ships inwards, com-

monly called and known by the Name of Portage, shall cease and determine, and the same shall not be paid

or allowed to the Matter of any Ship or Vessel who-(hall not have duly made his Report at the Custom

House on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, any Custom or

Ulaee to the contrary notwithstanding*.

XXII. 4 And whereas, by a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce lately concluded'between His j5r/-

tarmuk Majesty and the Mod Christian King, signed at Verjailles the twenty-sixth Day of September, one

4 thousand (even hundred and eighty-six ; and by a Convention signed on the fifteenth Day of January one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it is agreed, that Olive Oil, Vinegar, Brandy; Linen,. Porce-

4 lain. Earthen Ware and Pottery, Plate Glass and Glass Ware, Beer,. Hardware, Cutlery, Cabinet

4 Ware, Turnery, Musical Instruments,. Cambricks, or French Lawns; all. Works of Iron, Steel,

4 Copper, and Brafc, pure or mixed ; and all Sorts of Cottons and Woollens, whether knit or wove?

4 including Hosiery manufactured in the European Dominions of the French King ; Sadlery, Gauzes, and

4 Millinery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze, or of any other Article which may be legally,

4 imported into this Kingdom, of the Manufacture of France, or of any of the European Dominions of the

f French King, and also French Wines, shall, for a limited Time, be imported into Great Britain on Pay-

ment

Portage to

Mastera of Shipt

to cease at

May 10, 17*7*

Recital of

Treaty between

his Btitannick

Majesty and tl t

Most Christian

King.

