449

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo ofiavo Georgii III. C. 37.

for any greater or less Quantity, Three-pence Halfpenny; to be paid by the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or

Dyer thereof. v

IX. And be it further e‘na£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respeQive Duties by this

Act imposed (lull from Time to Tirne be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured by such Ways and

Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of

adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subje£t to such Rules

and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament (as the

Cafe may require) in force at the Commencement of this Act, for or in respect of Hides or Skins, and

Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or for or in respect of Linens and

Stuffs printed, (tained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, is directed and prescribed; and that the said

Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Mat-

ters, and Things, therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying? recovering, securing, or paying

the said Duties respectively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for railing*

receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective Duties by this Act imposed, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in

this Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Money arising by the Duties by this

Ad imposed, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from Time to

Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westmirjler, and the Money so paid into the

said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Con-

Jclidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Money from Time to Time arising

for or in respect of any Licences which the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respec-

tively, or the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, are by Law authorised or empowered to grant, and which

are chargeable with certain Duties commonly called Per Cent Duties, shall be kept in the Excise Books of

Account in entire Sums, without distinguishing how much of such Money is due for or in respect of such

JPer Cent Duties; and such Money, and also all other Money from Time to Time arising for or in respect

of any Licences which the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the Collectors or Supervisors of

Excile, are authorised or impowered, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty (intituled, An Attfor laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out Irj the AAakers of\ and

Dealers in, Excfcable Commodities therein mentioned), to grant, shall be accordingly paid into the said Receipt

of the Exchequer in such entire Sums, and be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund, called

*The Consolidated Fund.

XII. And whereas by an A£i made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other

4 Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick

c Revenue \ foi'toermitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Ma-

c nufafiure of /^European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain

4 unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of

the National Debt), an Excise Duty of seven Pence is chargeable (among other Things) on every twenty

4 Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale or Auction in Great Britain,

4 of Deer and other Skins imported into this Kingdom from East and Weft Florida in America: And

4 whereas it will greatly tend to encourage the importation of such Deer and other Skins into this

Kingdom, if the fame were allowed, under certain Restrictions, to be sold by Auction free of the said

4 Duty ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, all DeerSkins, and other Skins, of the Produce of East or

West Florida in America, and which shall be imported into this Kingdom directly from thence, shall and

may be sold by Auction free of the said Duty: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise the Sale of any such Deer or other Skins free of

the said Duty, unless on the first Sale of such Deer or other Skins, by or for the Account of the original

Importer to whom the fame were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom-house at the

Port oFImporration, and unless such Sale shall be made within twelve Months next after the Importation

of such Deer and other Skins respectively j any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XIII. And whereas by an Admnade in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,^/* At7

for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties ;

and for encouraging the Linen Madufatlure of the Kle of Man; and for allowing the Importation cffeveral

4' Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island under certain Refactions and Regulations); reciting

that great Frauds had been committed by divers Makers of hard Soap, by removing and lecreting large

4 Quantities of Soap, in the Absence of the Officers, from the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil wherein the

4 fame was made, it was enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, alter the fifth Day of July

4 one thousand seven hundred and ilxty-five, should make any hard Soap should, at his, her, or their own

4 Expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient wOoden Covers to be approved of in Writing by and under

the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District in which every

4 such respective Maker of hard Soap should reside, to every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil wherein he

4 should boil or make any hard Soap, which said Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, with the Covers thereto

4 affixed, and also the Pipe or Pipes that conveys or convey away the Waste or Salt Lees from the Copper,

4 Pan, or other Utensil, should, and they were thereby required to be securcly locked and sealed down by

3 N z ‘ the

aogle

Duties to lie !e»

vied according te

Adb in furcejt

the Commence-

ment of ihil

Act.

Duties to be paid

into the sex-

chrquer, and

carried to the

Consolidaied

Fund.

Account of Do-

tie* on Licences

to be kept with-

out distingu/h-

ing the per Ceat

Duties,

and to be paid

into the Ex-

chequer ineotire

Sums, to be car-

ried to the Con-

folidated Fond.

ijGeo.g. c. 13*

From July

1788, Skin? im-

ported from East

or Weft Florida,

to be free of any

Auction Duty,

on the first Sale

thereof on ac-

count of the

0 iginal Im-

porter, if it be

within la

Months.

Chuse of

5 Cco. 3.c, 4J.

recited.

