572 C. 57, 58. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

InhaVrantiof XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, In-

OftVnce»C«orr»Cfe forrnat*ons, Trials, and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or Thing

mined dMmrd herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place, in which any Offence or Offences Hull

competent Wit- be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of tvs Act, shall be achnitted to give Evidence,

aefles. and {hall be deemed competent VVitnefles, not with Hanoi g his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inha-

bitants of the Parish, Town, or Place wherein ary Inch Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have

been committed.

XX V III. AikI be it further enaited by the Authority' aforesaid, Th2t the Justice or Justices before whom

any Person lhal! be convicted, in Manner prescribed by thi< Ait* shall cause such respeiiive Conviction to

be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (tr.ct js to say),

Ferro of Cpn-

viftion.

) 44 gE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

to wit. 3 u Year of his Maj city's Reign, A. B. is convicted before of his

44 Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for (he fnu County of [V* for the

44 Riding or Division oi the Paid County of or, for the City,

44 Liberty, or Town of ' cs the Cyc shall happen to he] for

44 and the said do adjudge him [<?rher] to pay

44 and forfeit for the Lime the Sum of

44 Given under the Day and Year

44 aforesaid.’*

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the fame, so drawn

up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or

Quarter SeiTion of tnc Peace to be held for the County, R;ding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place,

wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter

Section; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice

v or Justices to the said General or Quarter Session, the justices in such General or Quarter Section are

hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the

Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act, any

Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove

any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this Act.

Appeal. XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act shall think him or herself aggrieved by

the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such rerfon shall

have liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, which shall be

held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Judgment shall

have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Cafe be suspended, the Person

so convicted entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in

double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prose-

cute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the

Justices in their said next General or Quarter Section, and to pay such Colts as the said Justices in such

Session Hull award on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice or Justices before whom such

Conviction shall be had is and are hereby impowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said

General or Quarter Section are hereby authorised and required to-hear and finally determine the Matter of

the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either

Party; and if, upon the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices, before whom

the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum

which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said Ge-

neral or Quarter Session shall award to be paid for defraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or

Defendants in such Appeal, or in default of making such Payment shall fufter the respective Pains and

Penalties by thus Ait infliiled upon Persons respeitively who shall negleit to pay, or (lull not pay, \he

respecYive Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to be paid by or imposed upon Persons respeitively who shall be

convicted by virtue of this Act.

FttWick Ad. XXX. And be it further enaited by the Authority aforesaid* That this A St shall be a Publick Ait;.

and be judicially taken notice of as such* by all Judges, Justices* and other Persons whomsoever, without

the fame being specially pleaded.

^h*5*/^*0* °* XXXI. And be it further enaited by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force for one

1 l* whole Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn

and Grain; and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch* and the Import*

ation of Rape Seed*

Preamble. « itr HEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*

*1 Geo. 3. cap, 4 W (intituled, An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Cone

50. recited. ‘ and Grainy within everal Ports and Places therein mentioned) % certain Rules and Regulations are eltablrfbed

4for

