A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Geoft0it III.

G. 107. li’j

Towh Corporate, of Place where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such

Justice to hear and determine every such Complai n, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or

any other Witness or Witncftcs, touching the fame, nnd to make such Order for the Payment of so much

Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, as to stich Justice shall seem jutt and

reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of tvvt nty Pounds; ami in case of Rcfjfal

or Non-payment of any Sums lo ordered by the Space of twenty-one Days next alter inch Determination*

such Justice shall and may issue forth his and their Warrant to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the

Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to

serve as his Substitute in the Militia, or from any Churchwardens or OverEers of the Poor, to serve as a

Volunteer as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the ukial Meeting appointed for swearing the Militia

Men, or before feme one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be (Worn according to the Directions of this Act,

every such Person so neglecting to appear and be (’worn, being convicted thereof before any Deputy Lieu-

tenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom

he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay, to such Person or Persons, any Sum not exceeding twenty Shil-

lings, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or justice of the Peace before whom he shall be lo con-

vit3ed ; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and

likewise pay the Laid Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the

Space of fourteen Days, or until the said Sum shall be returned. 4

XLV. And be it further enacted. That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia shall have

engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, or if any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall

have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Person so chosen by Ballot, or such

Churchwardens or Overseers, shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged, a certain Sum for such

Service, and shall, after such Person has been inrolled, refuse to pay him the full Sum agreed on, it shall

be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, on Application made to him, and such Justice is hereby required

to order such Sum of Mone y as shall appear to him to be due to the Person so engaged, to be immediately

paid to him by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and such

Justice shall proceed therein in the same Manner as is directed by an Act of the twentieth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, For the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for

the better regulating f such Servants and of certain Apprentices.

XLV I. And be it further enacted, 1 hat whenever any Body of Militia shall be embodied, and absent

from the County, Riding, or Place to which it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Body of Militia

shall apply to every Man whose Time shall be within four Months of expiring, and who, in his Judgment,

shall be fit to serve as a Militia Man. and enquire if he is willing to continue in the Service for such Term

as any Man who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or Sum he will

continue ; and such Commanding Officer shall, on the first Day of the Months of January, March, May,

Jufa September, and November respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk

of the General Meeting of the County, Riding, or Place, to which his Body of Militia belongs, a List of

all such private Militia Men in such Body of Militia, as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, in

which Lift shall be set down the Sums they are respectively willing to continue for^ and which Lift shall be

signed by every such Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the following h orm; viz*

Tensity on Suo-

fli utei, Sec. who

do not appear, if

they do not re-

turn the Bounty.

Justicea may or-

der Payment of

Bounty to Sub-

Aitutes, dec. ae*

cording to A St

10 Geo. j. €.19,

When 1 Regi-

ment it out of ita

County, Lifts of

Men willing to

continue to serve

after the Expire*

tion of their

Term, to be

transmitted by

the Command-

ing Officer.

Dated the Day of

Name of the County, Namet of the Men actually (erring. If Substitotet, for w hom they serve. Of the Parish of In the Hundred of Time of Ser- vice expires on the Sum for which they engage to serve. Signature of Consent.

A. B. G D. P. H. A. B.

E. F. L. % I. E. F.

G. K. P. N. G. K.

And that the signing of the said Roll shall be binding upon the Persons signing the fame to all Intents and

Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer* Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any

Time wilfully and knowingly inlist any Man to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of

such inlisting shall be inrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, every such Inlisting shall be deemed null and

void ; and in case any Militia Man, at the Time of offering to inlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer,

Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to inlist and serve in his Majesty’s other Forces, that he is (at

the Time of his offering to inlist) a Militia Man then actually inrolled and engaged to serve (which the said

Officer, Serjeant, or other Person) is hereby required to a(k every Man offering to inlist in his Majesty’s

C g a other

Inliflment of i

MilhiaMan into

the standing Ar#

my to be void.

Militia Men of-

fering to iolift

into other Re-

fimcAtt to be

^

