26b

Jwflice* may

c^tnmir V*.

g'ami, &c. to

the House of

Corrcdion.

Preamble*

From May I a,

1787, the yre-

sent Duties of

Goflomsr tod

yxefent Draw*

kaeki) to ccait.

The Duties of

Package, &(

payable to the

City of London*

Ac. not to be

altered by chit

. Afl, Ac.

C. 12, 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III, A.D. 1787.

fion of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Atl of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Ring Charles the

4 Second, intituled, 44 An Atl for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government cf

4 his Majestf s Ships of War and Forces by Sea,”) as give a discrctionary Power to Justices of the Peace, in

4 their refoe olive Jurijdiclions, to commit Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with

4 /mail Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, extend to Offences committed against the*

Provisions contained in Acts of Parliament made fuice the passing of the said recited Act, where such Of-

4 fenders are ordered to be committed to the Common Gaol: And whereas it may be proper to extend the

4 Provisions of the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it

shall be lawful for any Justiceor Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, to commit

either to the Common Gaol, or to any House of Corredion, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, as to

such Justice or Justices shall seem moll proper, such Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons

charged with or convicted of small Offences, as by any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, be os

they is or are, or shall be authorised to commit to the Common Gabt.

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skyrmer Knight*

late Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty *s Court of Exchequer, in confutation of his diligent and merito-

rious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

[His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir John Skynner a nett Life Annuity of 2,000l. per Ann. J

CAP- XIII.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other

Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties

composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods*

Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of

the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, re-

maining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of

the National Debt.

T T HEREAS the present Mode of charging and computing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

VV and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scat*

4 land refoedively, is in many Instances intricate and complicated, and productive of much Embarrassment

to the persons who are to pay the fame, as well as of great Perplexity in the Accounts of the Publick Re-

4 venue: And whereas it is necessary, for Amplifying the Collection of the Duties to be granted by this

4 Ad, that new Provisions should be made for the Payment of the several Charges to which different

4 Branches of the said Duties are appropriated; and it will tend at all Times to strengthen the Public Cre-

4 dit, that one general Fund should be established, comprehending all the different Branches of the Revenue*

and liable to all Charges which are now payable out of the famebe it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com->

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the

tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and Angular the SubAdies, Customs*

Impositions, or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenue of Cystoms) payable to his Majesty, his Heirs

and SucceAors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, upon the Importation of any*

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into Great Britain; or Hpon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, from Great Britain; or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being brought or carried

Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the said Kingdom, and the several and respective Drawbacks

allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain; or on any'

other Account whatever, respecting the Duties of Customs; and also the additional Imposts or Duties

charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs, shall cease and determine, favo

and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which

may, on the tenth Day of May one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, remain unpaid, or to any

Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall

have been incurred at any Time before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven:

Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or

anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliace, or Portage, or any other Duties, payable to the

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the

Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britain y or to repeal

or

