A.. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 60.

1 intituled, An Act to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain

1 Quantities of IVheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a

1 Drawback of the Duties on Rum Jhippea as Stores to be conjumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages;

and to extend the Provisions of an Att of the twenty-third Tear of his present Majesty, relative to the Re-

moval of IVine in Casks^ to JVine removed in Bottles, and other Packages; reciting the said Clause herein

4 before recited of the said Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his said present Majesty’s Reign, and

that great Quantities of Wine which had been clandestinely imported into the Out-ports of this Kingdom,

and run on Shore without Payment of the Duties due for the fame, had been afterwards removed from

4 thence to other Parts within this Kingdom, and into the Port of London in Bottles and other small Pack-

4 ages, it was enacted. That, from and after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred

and eighty four, the said in Part recited Act, and every Clause and Matter therein, so far as the fame re-

4 lated to the Removal of Wine in Hogsheads or other Casks, or intfifted any Penalty or Forfeiture upon

the Removal of such Wine without such Certificate, or upon Persons who Qiould falsely make Oath to any

4 of the Fafts therein required to be sworn, or who should forge, counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any

4 Certificate, or knowingly make use of any Certificate so forged, counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified,

4 {hould extend, and be construed to extend, in like Manner, to the Removal of any Sort of Wine in

4 Bottles, or any other Packages whatsoever, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,

4 Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relative thereto were again repeated and re-enacted in that Act:

4 And whereas the good Purposes by the said Clauses intended, will be effectually answered by the Provisions

4 of this Act, and the said Clauses will therefore be unneceilary to be continued in force:’ Be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the fame are hereby

repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take

Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained in respect whereof no special Commencement

is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thoukad seven hun-

dred and eighty-six.

CAP. LX.

An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

c \X7 HEREAS the Wealth and Strength of this Kingdom, and the Prosperity and Safety of every

Part of the British Empire, greatly depend on the Encouragement given to Shipping and Navi-

4 gation: And whereas it is proper that the Advantages hitherto given by the Legislature to Ships owned

and navigated by his Majesty’s Subjects, should from henceforth be confined to Ships wholly built and

4 fitted out in his Majesty’s Dominions Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Ship or Vessel foreign-built (except such Ships or Vessels as have

been or shall hereafter be taken by any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or

other Ship or Vessel, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty), nor any Ship or Vessel

built or rebuilt upon any foreign-made Keel or Bottom, in the Manner heretofore practised and allowed,

although owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, shall be any longer intitled to any of

the Privileges or Advantages of a British- built Ship, or of a Ship owned by British Subjects; and that all the

said Privileges and Advantages shall hereafter be confined to such Ships only as are wholly of the Built of

Great Britain or Ireland, Gucrnjeyfjerjey, and the Ijle of Man, or of some of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands,

or Territories in Asia, Africa, or America, which now belong, or at the Time of building such Ships or V eflels

did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the Poflefllon of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cefiors: Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

prohibit such foreign-built Ships or Vessels only as, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-six, did truly and without Fraud wholly belong to any of the People of Great Britain or Ireland\

Guernsey, Jetfey, and the Ijle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Terri-

tories, as the Proprietors and right Owners thereof, and which shall be navigated according to Law, and shall

aMo be registered in Manner herein after directed, from continuing to enjoy the Privileges and Advantages

they have hitherto enjoyed, or from importing or exporting such Goods or Commodities as may now be

legally imported or exported by such Ships or Vessels, into and from such Ports and Places as is now by

Law allowed, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as have heretofore been made touching

such foreign-built Ships or Vessels, and subject and liable to all such Duties as have been imposed on any

Goods or Commodities imported or exported as aforesaid in such foreign-built Ships or Vessels, by any Act

or Acts of Parliament: And provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to deprive any Ship or Vessel, which before the passing of this Act hath been built or rebuilt upon any

foreign-made Keel or Bottom*, and which, before the said first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, was duly registered as a British Ship, from continuing to enjoy any Privilege or Advantage to.

which such Ship or Vessel is now by any Law or Usage intitled; nor to prevent any such Ship or Vessel.

which shall have been begun to be repaired or rebuilt before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-six, from being registered according to; and in pursuance of, this Act, by an Order under the.

Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Cuitoms in England, or any four or more of them, or oC

the*

III

Alt 14 Geo. 3.

Self. 2, c. 50.

Clauses of tbA

recited A£tf,

forbidding the

Removal of

Wine from any

Out-port with-

out Certificfttefy

repealed.

Commencement

of tfcit Act*

Preamble^

From Aug. r,

1786, no Ship

built out of hit

Majesty%* Do-

minions, except

Prix-s, shall be

infilled to the

Privilege* of a

British Ship

but foreign

Ships, built be-

fore May 1,

1786, not here*

by to be de-

prived of the

Privilege* they

now enjoy, &c#

