595

A.D. *7^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgir III. C. 6

housed according to the Directions of this Act, then, and i« such Cafe only, the Duties imposed by thij

Act upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Tobacco shall be delivered, cither

for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or for Exportation (as the Cafe may be), out of the

Warehouse in which the fame shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this

A<£t; or if any other Tobacco, which may be lawfully imported into this Kingdom, shall be imported

and brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the Directions of this Act, then, and in such

Cafe only, the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until

such Tobacco shall be delivered, for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse

in which the fame shall be deposited, lodged, and (ecured, according to the Directions of this Act: Provided

also. That if any Snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to die

Directions of this Act, then, and in such Cafe only, the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation

thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Snuff shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which

ihe fame shall be deposited, lodged, and lccured, according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, as shall

rife or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England^ shall be under the Management of the

<C3om mi (Boners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become

due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of

*he Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that such of the Excise Duties determined by this A cl impoled as

shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England^ shall be under the Management of

the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, ana such thereof as shall arise or become due

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise

in Scotland for the Time being*

V. And whereas the Regulations already provided by Law to prevent the fraudulent and clandestine

Importation of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, into Great Bidtain, and to prevent the fraudulent

4 Re-landing of Tobacco, after the fame has been shipped for Exportation, or actually exported, have been

4 found ineftectual be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day or October one thousand

ieven hundred and eighty-nine, no Tobacco whatever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain,

from any Port or Place whatever, other than feme Port or Place within his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations,

Islands, or Territories in America, or some Port or Place within the United States of America, although

the lame shall have been legally imported into and exported from Great Britain, and returned for want of

Sale or otherwise, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Hogstieads, Calks, Chests, Cafes,

and Packages, respectively, containing the fame, and also the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the feme

shall be imported or brought, toeether with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel ;

and such Tobacco, Hogstieads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, and Packages, respectively, and also such Ship or

Vessel, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Taokle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer

or Officers of the Customs or Excise*

VI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend,

to forfeit any Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of

Spring or PortugaL or of the Growth or Production of Ireland, imported respectively in the Manner, and

under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions [except where other Rules, Regulations, Re-

ftriCtions, or Provisions are in that Behalf provided by this Act) which such Tobacco was subject and liable

to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the said tenth Day of October one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of Augujlonc thousand seven hundred

and ninety, no 'Tobacco or Snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port,

Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from foreign Parts, in or on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat of left

Burthen than one hundred and twenty Tons, on Pain of forfeiting all Inch 'Tobacco and Snuff respectively,

together with the Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, and Packages reflectively containing the feme, and also

the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which such Tobacco or Snuff shall be so imported or brought,

with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco, Snuff*, Hogsheads,

Calks, Chests, Cafes, and Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with all her Guns,

Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco Stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured,

or Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from foreign

Parts, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk

Flour, and Snutf Work respectively, with the Hogstieads, Calks, Chests, Cales, and other Packages re-

spectively, containing the fame, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which the fame shall be

io imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, 'Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco

Stalks, Tobacco Stalk ¥ lour, Snuff* Work, Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cales, and other Packages respec-

tively, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Guns, Furniture^ Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco or Snuff* shall be imported or brought into Great

Britain in any Hogshead, Calk, Chest, Cafe, or other Package, except in an Hogshead, Calk, Chtft, or

CJafe, or in Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, or Cafes, each of which shall contain at the least four hundred and

fifty Pounds Weight nett of T obacco or Snuft, not packed in Bags or Packages within any such Hogsliead,

Calk, Chest, or Cafe, nor separated or divided within any such Hoglhtad, Calk, Chest, or Cafe, or in any

Manner whatever, on Pain of forfeiting all such 'Tobacco and Snuft* respectively, with the Hogstieads, Calks,

Chests. Cales, and other Packages reircdively, containing the feme, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat in

29 Geo, III* 41 which

Do ic* t* be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commifli’ner*

of ihr Cust

and Excik in

Engl n l and

Sco’l.nd re-

spectively.

From 10,

1789, no To-

bacco to be im-

ported, but from

America, on

Penalty of ita

Forfeiture, with

the VclXel, Sec.

except Span? A

Portoguefe, and

Irish Tobacco,

under (he pre*

sent Regula-

tion*.

From Aug. y,

1790, Tobacco

or Sni ff im-

ported in Ships

of left Burthen

than iso Tons

to be forfeited

with the VcflTd.

No Tobacco

Stalk*, Tobacco

Stalk Flour, or

Snuff Work, to

be imported on

Penalty of its

Forfeiture, with

the Vessel, ice.

nor Tobacco or

Snuff in Ci-flea

containing left

than 4,olb. on

like Penalty j

