The TITLES of

Chester, and Several other Roads 1ft the said Acts

mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Staff hrd% and

City and County of the City of Lichfield; and for making

more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the

laid Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said

County of Stafford.

$4. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing

end widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at G.olrord

Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road

in the Parish tf/'Sandhurst, and from The Green near Be-

nendon Church, to the Bull Inn, at Roveldeu Cross, in the

County of Kent.

$5. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing,

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from

the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the

County of Kent, to Beggar’s Bush, in the Turnpike Rnad

leading from Turnbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County

of Sussex.

26. An Ac! for repairing and widening the Road from the

Town of Wakefield to the 'Town of Abberford, in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

S7. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gra-

teney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County

of Dumfries* to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and

the Road from Corfenarget to (Hanlackheady in the said

County of Dumfries.*

28. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual

several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbndge

Hid to the Town of BasingJloke, ind also the Road from

Hertfordbridge Hill afore said to the Town of Qdtham, in

the County of Southampton; and for extending the Limits

of the said last-mentioned Road, from the present

Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiharn, to the

Road leading from thence, through the said Town, to the

Great Weltern Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County.

29. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odi-

hGm, in the County of Southampton, to Farnbam, in the

County of Surrey.

€)o. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

p2fted in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Stockenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley

Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Lnflow Bridge, and

from Wheatley Bridge, to the Mileway leading towards

Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mi lew ly leading from

Saint Giles’* Church, near the City of Oxford, by Pegbroke

to New Woodstock, in the said County; and for making,

amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road

from the Bottom of Ch.ynry Lane up Hcadington Hill, to

join the present Enjhw Branch of Road, in the Parish of

Holtony in the said County of Oxford, to be uied mstead

of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Shotover Hill,

to the Weft End of the Town of Wheatley, and for

amending and widening the Road from the Weft End of

the said Town to the said Enfiow Branch of Road.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford,

in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor,

in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County a/'Chef-

ter, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence

through Tarvin, in the saul County of Chester, to the J'aid

Gty of Chester, together with a certain other Road there-

in mentioned, (b far as relates to the first Distribt of the

said Roads.

9*. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

tie STATUTES.

Acts made rn the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, anc! thir-

tieth Years of the Reign of his kite Majesty King George

the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading

through the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew.

93. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from Conga ton to Colley Bridge, and

from the said Bridge to Smithy Green in the Parish of

Prejlbury, in the County of Chester; and for letting out

and making new Roads from Smithy Green aforesaid, to

join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatch-

matjh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County

of Derby, and from the first-mentioned Road to the Ha-

vana an Act Us.

94.. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Road from the Bridge on The Old River at Barton to

Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

93. An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in

'Repair, several Roads leading from the late Market

House in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester; and

for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates

to the fad Roads, aird for amending the Road from Coal-

bourne Brook, through (Hollafton to Churchill Field Corner,

in the Counties of (Horcester and Stafford

96. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from

the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch,

to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the

Parish of Enfield; and from the Place where the Watch-

house in Edmonton formerly flood, to the Market Place in

Enfield, in the County of Middlejex; and for lighting,

watching, and watering Part thereof; and for repealing

certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and

for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Ed-

monton, in the said County.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term of, and amending, an

Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repair-

ing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Car-

lisle, to the present Turnpike Rnad at Mulafide, and from a

Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binfey Mires and

North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skilibeck*

in the County of Cumberland.

98. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of two Acts pa Bed in the fourteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the feoond

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the

T hird, fb far as the fame relate to repairing the Road from

Doncajhr, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County

of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Cfoester.

99. An Act for enlarging the T erm and Powers of an Act

passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, ta

Acton Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County-

100. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the seventh Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening toe Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing

Heath to the Turnpike Road on Penbury Green, and from

Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Grecaj,

in the County of Kent.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Art of

the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from Buckland Dinham, to the End of

the Panjlo of Tim (bury; and also the Road from Mid-

fomer Norton, to the Eud of the Pmdjh of Norton Saint

Phillips; and also. the Road from Tucker’s Grave, to the

Read leaving from We!low, to a Place known by the Name

