217

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo fcxto Georgii III. C. 107.

Colonels, Mnjors, and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command

the Per ions lo to be aimed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after men-

tioned, and Shall cettiiy to his Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so appointed; and in

cale h s Majesty shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have bun InkT “belore him, Signify

his Disapprobation ci any of the Pei ions io appointed, it shall not be lawful for the fed Lieutenants to grant

a Com million to any Per ion so disapproved, but CommifTi >ns shall be granted to all such Persons so appointed,

who shall not be difapproveo by his Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and

arrayed as herein after directed, ihali rank with the Officers of such of his Majesty’s Forces as are liable to

kne out of Great Entaln, as youngest cf their Rank.

II. And be it further enacted, That when the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be out

of the Kingdom cf Gnat Erludm, or when there shall be no Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to

surhoiiic any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, to grant Commilhons to

G:hcers to serve in the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, upon any Vacancy that shall then hap-

pen, in such Maimer as such Lieutenant could do, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which

m gin lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant, and the fame shall be good and valid in the Law as

if done by the Lid Lieutenant himself.

III. And be it further enacted, 'I’hat no Commission of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission of any

Officer in the Militia already granted, or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall he

vacated by rca-on of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such

Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted. That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, fh ill have

the .Chief Command of the Militia, within the County, Riding, or Place to which he is appointed, and

that twenty Deputy Lieutenants at the lea ft shall be appointed within every County, Riding, and Place, if

so many can ne found qualified as herein after directed ; but if such Number of Persons, io qualified, can-

not be found within any such County, Riding, or Place, then as many Perfotis, so qualified, as can be found

within luch~County, Riding, or Place, (lull be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenants for the PurpoFs of this

Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Deputy Lieutenants, or Officers of the

M ihtia, in pursuance of this Act (except within the Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, and

Ji 'ejh.ucrland, the Ijlc of Ely in the County of Cambridge, the several Counties and Places within the Domi-

nion of ICcilce, and Inch Cities and Towns as are Counties within themselves), shall be qualified ns follows ;

(that is to say). Every Person so to be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant ihali be FiFd or polFffed, either in

.aw or Equity, for hi* own Use and Benefit, in PoiVeifion, of a Freehold, Ccpvhold, or Customary Pilate

for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, ihe having a Freehold, Copyhold, or Customary Estate for her Life,

or for some greater Eiiate, or of an Pilate for some long Teim of Years, determinable on one or more Life

or Lives, in Manors, Melluages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England, Idales, or the Town

t>f Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some

Person who shall in like Manner be feiied or possessed of a like E(bate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four

hundred Pounds : And every Person so to be appointed a Colonel shall in like Manner be Filed or poUl-iled of

a like Eli ate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of lome Per-

son who shall in like Manner be ieifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two

thousand Pounds: And every Person io to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall in like Manner be feiied

of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some

Person who shall in like Manner be foiled or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one

thousand two hundred Pounds: And every Person so to be appointed a Major, or a Captain, shall in like

Manner be Lifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or

shall be Heir-apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be feiied or possessed of a like Estate as afore*

said, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of iome Person who shall be, or

at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner feiied or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Va-

lue of six hundred Pounds: And every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant shall in like Manner be Filed or

pclfcikd of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or shall be poiFiled of a Personal

Estate alone, to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or ieifed or possessed ot Real and Personal Estate toge-

ther, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds, or shall be Son ot some Person who shall be, or at me

Time of his Death was, in like Manner Filed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value

of one hundred Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Time of his Death vras, possessed of a Pci Tonal Estate

alone, to the Amount of two thousand Pounds, or it Td or possessed of Real and Personal If Rate together, to

the Amount or Value of three thousand Pounds: And that every Person io to be appointed an Ensign Hull

in i ke Manner be Fifed or polFlFd of a like Estate 2s aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or

Dull be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds, or Filed or poilefFd of

Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be Son ofstine

Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner Fifed or polk lied of a like Estate as

aforesaid, ct the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Tune of his Death was, pof-

Ffied ot a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or ieifed or poiltfled of Real and Per-

fona! 1 (fare together, to the Amount or \ aiuc of one thousand five hundred Pounds : Of which laid Estate*

required as Qualifications for Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majois, and Captain*

leiptClivciy, one Moiety shall be fiuutc or anting; within the rdpcCtive Counties, Ridings, or Divilion.i in

which they shall be appointed to Five.

26 Geo. 111. Ff - VL And

Rank of Of- ,

/jceri.

Three Drpnff

I/eut^nant* may

’he

JLiruicmn’ m

oof < f the King-

dom.

Commission* not

to br rev ok r.J by

the L'e*th oi the

Grantor.

C< untv L’enre-

nant'o hjvethe

t hief Command

of the Mititia of

his County, and

to appoint 20

Deputies.

Q^nlifi'-ation of

Deputy Lieute-

nants and Oifi-

cers in I ngLnd

in general.

