A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto G-eorgii III. C. 82. 191

Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein any Offence mrmentofOf-

or Offences against the said Act should be committed, and such Justice and Justices was and were thereby fender*, when

required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to summon the Party or Parties accused, *h!Ly :hiveJ*.

and also the Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them, and upon the Appearance of the Party

or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance according to such Summons, to proceed tie,

4 to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the

4 voluntary Confellion of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or

4 Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by the said

4 Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pe-

cuniary Penalty and Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made

4 thereof in case they should not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any);

and where sufficient Goods of such Offender could not be found to answer the Penalty, to commit such

4 Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months, un-

4 lets such Penalty should be sooner paid and satisfied: And in and by another Proviso of the said Act it was

4 provided and enacted, That nothing in the said Aftcontained should extend, or be construed to extend, to*

4 subject any Person or Persons whatsoever to a longer Imprisonment than three Calendar Months, for Non-

4 payment of any Fine or Penalty to be imposed under the Authority of the said Act :* Now, to obviate

any Doubts which have arisen, or may ariie, on the Meaning of the said Act, be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That the said Proviso last above mentioned, and every Matter and Thing therein con-

tained, and also so much of the said Proviso first above mentioned which relates to the Time for which the-

Offender is to be committed, and which authorises or requires the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before

whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against the said Act, where suficient Goods of such

Offender cannot be found to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House

of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months, shall be, and are, and each of them (as to such

Part thereof as aforesaid), shall be, and is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act,

»t shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, before whom any such

Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, to levy any

pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, adjudged by virtue of the said Act, in such Manner as is therein directed,.

all which Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and diffributed according to the Directions of

this Act before specified; and that where sufficient Goods of such Offender cannot be found to answer the n PenHn'et be

Penalty, and the fame shall remain unpaid, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House not paid, ihr-

of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be P*rcy to be com.

sooner paid and satisfied, and no.longer; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary hereof not- SoL^s^tild^

withstanding. i^er. *n

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Law and Laws now in

Statute now in-force, touching any the said Duties, and every Article and Thing in them contained, and not C°rfC» except

Herein and hereby altered or repealed, shall be duly put in Execution according to the Tenor of the said Laws, hercbx rcP®

and under the Penalties therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of as therein and thereby are ,n

directed.

4 IX. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- *Geo.$.-c 4%*

4 titilled, An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall he injured against Loss by Fire, it is en- *c,lcd> *nr:

4 acted. That there shall beraised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the 1 l'QO f

4 Ufeofhis Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and six Pence upon every infeed thereby

4 Sum of one hundred Pounds, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by. Lid, roceafc

4 any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance for injuring Houses, Goods, Wares, Merchan- Ju,r 5*

4 dizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire: And whereas it is thought expedient to exempt all Policies

4 for insuring foreign Property from Loss by Fire from the said yearly Duty be it therefore enacted, That,

from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, the said yearly Rate or Duty flrc.~

upon all Sums of Money that are or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of In-

furance made in Great Britain, for insuring of any House or Houses, Furniture, Goods; Wares, Merchan- ‘

dizes, or other Property, within any foreign Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, (hah ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable j any Thing in the said recited Act con-

tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

4 X. And whereas there are in the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties several small UnjppmDrIjt*d

4 Sums of Money received by him on Account of Duties and Penalties, not applicable, by any Law now Duties, See. in

in force, to any particular Use pr Purpose, and which cannot be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer Rccliw* enc^*

4 under any Head of Accountbe it therefore enacted, That all such Sums of Money as are now in the

Hands of the said Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties shall be paid by him into the Receipt of the Ex- to be carried tw

chequer, and the Money so paid in shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The *he sinkmj

Sinking Fund. » Fwnd*

4 XI. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- CL. feof^Ce©.

tituled. An A:lfor granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Telium, Parch- 3- c 5* 'c,iuva

4 ment, and Papery and afo for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties, it was enacted. That, Transfer* o'*

4 for every Skin or Piece of Parchment, or Sheet ->r Piece of Paper, upon which dull be ingrossed or writ- Str^s e”^Jcd,

4 ten any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation within Great Britain, there shall 9 1

4 be charged an additional Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence: And whereas Doubts have arifeu

4 whether Transfers or Assignments of the Stocks, or of any Share or Part of the Capital Stocks, in the

4 Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly, called Bank Stock, and of the

4 Governor

