99

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C. 59.

as aforesaid, together with all Wine that shall be found therein, and also the Calks, Jars, Bottles, Vessels,

and Packages whatsoever, containing such Wine: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, cr be deemed or construed to extend, to make any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Seilers

of. Foreign Wine by Wholesale, liable to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, for or by reason of any

Sale of any Foreign Wine, whilst the fame shall be lying openly on the lawful Quays on which luc.a Wine

shall have been first landed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Entry shall be made by any

Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, of any Warehoule, Siorehouse, Room, Shop,

Cellar, Vault, or other Place, for the keeping of Wine for Sale, no other Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller

or Sellers of Wine, not being in Partnership with such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, making feicli

first Entry, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, make Entry of the fame, or of any other Warehouse, Store-

house, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place whatsoever, within the same House or Tenement rn

which such first Entry shall then be existing; but every such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, making

such further Entry of the fame, or any other such Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or

other Place, in such fame House or Tenement, shall, not with (binding such further Entry by him, her, or

them made, be deemed and taken to be a Dealer in Foreign Wine without Entry, and shall be subject to

the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Dealers in Foreign Wine without Entry are subject unto by virtue of

this Act

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Dealer and Dealers in,

and Seller and Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible

Characters, over the outer Door, or in the Front or on some conspicuous Part of each and every House,

Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, and other Place by him, her, or them respectively

made use of for the keeping of Foreign Wine for Sale, the Words Dealer in Foreign IVine, upon Pain of

forfeiting, for every such House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place

which mall be so made use of by any such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine

retpe&ively, without having the said Words painted or written as is hereby directed, the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever,

other than such as shall have duly made Entry at the proper Offices of Excise of the Places by them reflec-

tively made use of for keening Foreign Wine for Sale, shall paint or write, or cause to be painted or written,

over the Door, or in the Front of any Place to them respectively belonging, the Words Dealer in Foreign

IVine, every Person and Persons respectively offending therein shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hun-

dred Pounds, and shall also be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures to which Persons felling of, or%

dealing in Foreign Wine, without Entry, are subjedted to by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in, and Sellers ofe Foreign

Wine, shall, on the fifth Day of Julx one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or within three Days then

next ensuing, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof their respec-

live Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, by him, her, or them

made use of for keeping Wine for Sale, shall be situated, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of

the Quantity of all the Foreign Wines which shall, on the said fifth Day of July, be or have been in the

Custody or PofleiTion of any such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign \Vrine, distinguish-

ing such Foreign Wines from cachother^ according to the true Denominations thereof, under the following

Dcscriptions of French Red Wine, and h rcnch White Wine, in caie the fame be French Wine, and of Fo-

reign Red Wine not French, and Foreign White Wine not French, in case the fame shall be Foreign

Wine, other than French Wine, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Negledft to deliver or cause to be delivered

such Account, all such Foreign Wine whereof no such Account shall be so delivered, together with the

Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages, containing the fame; and such Foreign Wine, Calk% Bottles,

Jars, Vessels, and Packages, so forfeited, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise;

ail Wine in Bottles to be so accounted for without expressing the Number of Gallons which they

contain.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may b? lawful to and for the

Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, by Day and by Night,

upon his or their Request (but if in the Night, in the Presence ot a Constable or other Officer of the Peace),

to enter into all and every of the Warchoules, Storehouses, Rooms, Sfeops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places

made use of by any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, whether by Wholesale or

by Retail, for keeping Wine, and by tailing, gauging, or other wise, to take an Account of the Quantity

and Quality of all the Wine and other Liauors which shall at any Time be in his, her, their, or any of

their Custody, in Cask, or in any Vessel or Vessels except Bottles; and also to take an Account of the Wine

or other Liquors which shall at any Time be in his, her, or their Custody, in Bottles, in any other Manner

than by tasting the fame, or by uncorking or opening the Bottles containing such YVine.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforefeiJ, 1 hat it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to

lake, at any Time or Times, a Sample or Samples of foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Cask, or

In any other Vessel or Vessels, paying for the fame, for every Quart of Wine, the usual Free thereof; and

in caie any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or any Workman or Servant to

him, her, or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples

as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame after the Rate aforesaid, or (lull any wife obstrucl

O 2 or

Exception,

Persons

Entry Of IVl

alif^dy raft red,

tr> be deem d

Dealers without

Eotij, dec.

Every Plice f'r

keeping or fell-

ing Wine must

have thereonthe

Words Dci’.er i*

Foreign JfW,

on Penalty of

50 i.

Person* Pitting

those Words

on unentered

Places, to for-

feit too i. 6cc.

An Account of

the Wine in

Store on July

1786, to be de-

livered at the

next Office of

Excise, within

three Days, or

the fame to be

forfeited*

Officers may,

t all l imes,

enter Ware-

house', Sec. to

take an Account

of Stock.

Officers to be

p rmitied »o

take ’‘a-oplet o«

paying lor rhe

ft me, on Pe-

nalty ot tool*

