A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii III. C. 74.. 161

for, and paying the fame only excepted, into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinct and apart from

all other Monies which such Commissioners of Excise shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned ; and such Monies, so paid into the Receipt of

the Exchequer, {hall be carried to and made Fart of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and shall

be applicable to the lame Uses and Furpoles as the said Sinking Fund is now applicable unto.

4 V. And whereas, by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne (in-

4 tituled, An Act for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs ; and for charging certain n iv Duties on stamped AS 9 Ann*,

4 Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland $ *3*5 an*

4 andforfecuring thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and

4 Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty-six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Tears,

4 to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not

4 exceeding two Millions, to be raifedfor carrying on the War, and other her Majesty*s Occafiom) ; it was

4 enacted. That for every Piece of Vellum or Farchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should be

4 ingossed or written any Licence for retailing Wine, there should be paid the Sum of four Shillings : And

4 whereas by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (in-

4 tituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty everal Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and AS 30 Gen. t#

* other Deeds ; and upon Nezijpapers, /fdvertisements, and Almanacks 5 and upon Licences for retailing Wine 5 c. 19.; and

4 and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts', and for applying, from a certain Lime, the Sums of Money arising

4 from the Surplus of the Duties on Licence* for retailing Spirituous Liquors ; and for raising the Sum of three

4 Millions by Annuities, to be charged on the /aid Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money j and for making perpe-

4 tual an At7, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Ati for the better

44 Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of

4 Con t raffs of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Paymentof the Duties omitted to be paid

4 for the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices) \ it was enacted. That for every Fiece of Vellum

4 or Parchment, or Sheet or Fiece of Paper, on which L*ould be ingroiled, written, or printed, any Licence

4 for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who should not take out either a Licence for retailing

4 of Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, over and above

4 all other Rates already imposed thereon, there should be paid an additional Duty of five Founds ; and where

4 a Licence for retailing Wine should be granted to any Person having a Licence to retail Beer, Ale, and

4 other exciseable Liquors, but not a Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors, there should be charged on

4 such Wine Licence an additional Duty of four Pounds ; and where a Licence for retailing Wine should

4 be granted to any Person who should also take out a Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors and Ale,

4 there should be charged on such Wine Licence an additional Duty of forty Shillings : And it was in the

4 said Act, among other Things, enacted. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven

4 hundred and fifty-seven, no Person whatsoever, unless authorised and enabled by taking out such Licence,

4 should fell or utter by Retail (that is) by the Pint, Quart, Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or

4 lesser Retail Measure, or in Bottles in any less Quantity than should be equal to the Measure of the Cask or

4 Vessel in which the fame should have been, or might lawfully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines,

4 or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, one hundred Pounds :

4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty (intituled, An 31 Ceo. «,

4 AH for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Tear one e. 31. recited*

4 ihoifandJeven hundred and fifty-eight; and for impowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of

4 Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be

4 Io/l, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for obliging the Retailers of Wines, commonly called Sweets, or Made

4 Wines, to take out a Wine Licence), after reciting the said Act of the thirtieth of his said late Majesty,

4 as herein before is recited, and reciting that great Frauds might easily be practised, in case the Retailers of

4 certain Liquors made in this Kingdom, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, should not be, equally

4 with the Retailers of other Kinds of Wine, obliged to take out such Licences for retailing of Wine, it was

4 enacted. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Per(on

4 whatsoever, unless he be authorised and enabled, by having taken out the Licence in the said recited Act

4 directed, subject to the Payment of such Duties as are therein respectively charged upon such Licences, to

4 fell Wine by Retail, should fell or offer, by any Retail xMeafure, or in Bottles, in any Quantity less than

4 twenty-five Gallons, any Kind of Liquor made in Great Britain by Fruit, and known by the Name of

4 Sweets, or Made /Vines, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Offence, one hundred Pounds: And whereas it

4 is now expedient that separate Licences should be granted to the Venders of foreign Wines imported, and

4 10 the Venders of Sweets or j3r/'///&-made Wines \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Prom July

Day of July one thousand fevers hundred and eighty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’? >7^ Lkences

Commissioners of Stamps, or any two of them, to grant, upon any Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or

Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Licence for felling of Sweets or British-made Wines by any Retail Measure, grants*to^Vr.

to any Person or Persons applying for the fame (although such Person or Persons shall not have a Spirituous r,n« not hating

Liquor or Ale Licence), stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark of two Pounds and four Shillings j and * Spirituous LU

all and every Person and Persons felling British*made W ines only under such Licences, shall be freed and V'nror Ale U-

discharged from any Penalty by the said Acts imposed for felling Wine under Licences not stamped as by the cence'

laid Acts are directed.

VI. And be it further enacted. That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Pains of Death, Penalr BonTrrUtuVto

ties, Distribution of Penalties, and all other Matters and Things preicribed or appointed by any Act of ^tampion win«

Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Wine Lipences, not hereby altered, shall be of as full Lice«cc«txtend-

Force and Efteft, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby edtoihUAft,

*6 Geo. III. Y enatted, b*h^nc°d,.h“t‘

