4^4

Officer* not

seizing Stills in

24 Hours after

Information, to

be

&c. }

and the Person

making the

Complaint

against the Offi-

cer, if he also

gave the Infor-

mation, to be

paid is. 6 d. per

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

so seized as aforesaid: And if any Person (not being an Officer of Excise) shall make Discovery of any Still

liable to Seizure and Forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the fame shall be seized and condemned, such rerfon

or Persons shall be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence for every Gallon of the Capacity or

Content of such Still, to be paid on the Condemnation thereof: Provided also. That such Reward shall not

exceed the Sum often Pounds and ten Shillings for any one Still so forfeited as last aforesaid ; and the Officer

or Officers of Excile by whom the fame shall be seized, shall also be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling for

every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, so that such iall-mentioned Reward shall not, for

any one Still, exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings ; and that such several Rewards shall be paid

by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excile as aforesaid ; and if, by reason of the small Size of any such

Still or Stills, the said Commissioners of Excile shall think any of the Rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said

Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the fame respectively, not exceeding the re-

spective Sums aforesaid.

XXVI. And be further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall, for the Space of twenty-four Hours

after he shall have received Information of any Still being unlawfully crested, used, or kept, or of any Wort,

Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully used in Distillation, wilfully neglect

to seize the fame reflectively, every such Officer so offending shall, upon Complaint made thereof, and

Proof of the Fast, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, be dismissed from his or

their Office, and shall never afterwards be capable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Place of

Trufl whatever ; and shall moreover forfeit and lose all such Salary as shall be due to him at the Time of his

Dismission ; and in case the Person or Persons making such Complaint shall be the same Person or Persons

who gave the Information as aforesaid to the Officer or Officers so dismissed, such Person or Persons shall be

intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of the

said Still or Stills $ to be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise out of the Revenues of

Excise.

Gallon of the Contents of the S-ills.

Still Makers to

take out an an-

nual L'cence j

to (lamp their

Stills, and give

Notice to the

Officer that they

may be gauged.

Penalty on not

giving Notice.

Persons import-

ing Stills into

Scotland, to give

Notice to the

Officers, on Pe-

nalty of 501.

and any such

Still erelted

without being

gauged by the

Officer, to be

forfeited, and

also 501.

This A& not to

discharge Penal-

ties under any

former A At, dec.

nor to alter any

Law now in

force, dec. or

any Part of 25

Geo. 3. c. »2

or 25 Geo* 3.

c. 42.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Stills, in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, take out a Licence from the Officer so to be authorised as aforesaid to grant the fame, and shall

pay a Fee of five Shillings for such Licence, and no more; and every such Maker or Makers shall (lamp

his or their Name or Names, and the progressive Number, and the Content or Capacity of every Still made

by him, her, or them, upon the Shoulder thereof; and in order that the Content of the said Still or Stills may

be distinftly ascertained, the said Maker or Makers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required,

within three Days after finishing any Still, to give Notice to the Officer of Excise of the Divihon where

such Still hath been so made, that the fame is ready to be gauged and stamped ; and such Officer is hereby

required, within three Days after such Notification, to gauge such Still, and to grant a Certificate, specifying

the Number, Content, and Maker’s Name or Names of such Still; and in case any such Maker or Makers

shall fail to give such Notice to the said Officer as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of ten Shillings for each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of every such Still so made by him, her, or

them.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall im-

port or bring any Siill or Stills into Scotland from that Part of Great Britain called England, or from

foreign Parts, such Person or Persons shall, within three Days after the Arrival of such Still or Stills, give

Notice of the Number, Size, and Content of the fame, and of the Place where the fame is deposited, to the

Officer of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds ; and such Officer shall, within twenty Hours after the

Receipt of such Notice, gauge and (lamp, or cause to be gauged and stamped, the said Still or Stills, in the

same Manner as is herein-before directed in the Cafe of a Still or Stills being made in Scotland; and if the

Person or Persons who shall so import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland, shall neglect or omit to give

such Notice thereof as aforesaid, be, (he, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every

Still so imported or brought; and in case any such Still or Stills shall be erected without being previously

gauged and marked by the proper Officer of Excise, every such Still or Stills shall be forfeited and lost, and

the Owner and Owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and besides all other

Penalties and Forfeitures tq be incurred for the unlawful using the fame: Provided always, That nothing

in this Act contained shall discharge or acquit any Distiller or other Person from any Penalty or Forfeiture

already incurred under any former Act or Awls for granting any Duties upon Worts, Wash, or other

Liquor, or other Duties, or from Payment of any Arrears of such Duties which, prior to the Commence-

ment of this Act, shall remain unpaid ; nor shall any Thing in this Act contained extend, or be construed

to extend, to repeal or alter any Law or Laws now in force, with respect to the making of British Spirits

for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to repeal or alter any Part of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled. An Act for repealing so much of an Act^ made in the last

Sefjion of Parliaments as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Df-

trifts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and for authorizing the Commissioners of

Excise in Scotland, to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts, to distil Spirits from

Barley, Bear, or Bigg, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences,) nor to pre-

judice the Right and Privilege granted to Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act

for v (fling in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Ad/ninistratorsy and Ajfsigns, the foie Use and Pro-

4 t*rty

•

