A.D. 1787 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C., 27., 357

IV. And it^is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from Rum, Negroes

anil after the said first Day of Septemberto export from any of the said Ports to any of the Colonies or Plan- #n<j 9°°d# u:

tations in America belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, in any XceptTnft*

Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, owned and navigated by the Subjects of any foreign European &c. may be It-

Sovereign or State, not having more than one Deck* and not exceeding the Burthen of seventy Tons, Rum porud from the

of the Produce of any British island, and also'Negroes which shall have been brought into the said Islands re- f«dP«m*ro such

Ineftively in British-b\i\\t Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and ail Manner of for^n Coiome*

Goods,-Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported into the said Islands respectively, ex- o*e.deckedVo-

cept Marts, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Tobacco; and also except such Iron as shall reign European

have been brought from the British Colonies or Plantations in America; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the VeiTai*, not ex-

contrary in any wise notwithstanding. ceeding 70 Ton*

. Burthen#

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Doubt shall The Leg»Iity of

arise whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally im-

ported into the said Islands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence respectively, the legality Reproved before

of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Exportation.

Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize

shall be suffered to be shipped for Exportation.

'VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day The Article*

of September, all Wool, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Fustick, herciB -

and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise- eeiwried from

(hell, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, of the Growth or Production of any of the Jamaica, Ac.

Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign to Great Britain

or State, shall be allowed to be exported from the said Islands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New c* Ireland, un-

Providence respectively, to Great Britain or Ireland, under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securi-

ties. Penalties, and Forfeitures particularly mentioned and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the c.°r8

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of 2*3 Car. a c. 26.;

Shipping and Navigation; and in another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-second and twenty-third *nd *q G«o.

Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in Eng- c*

land, and for regulating the Plantation Trade; and in another Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland, and the Britisha Colonies and

Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the Britishi Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on

in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements j or in any of

the said Acts, with reipeft to the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize therein enumerated or defenbed.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day If my Good* of

of September, no Goods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, the Growth, Ac*

or the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be £aft7nd^i Ac.

exported from the Islands of Grenada or Dominica, or from the Bahama Islands to any other British Colony sported

or Plantation in America, or the West Indies, upon Pain of forfeiting such Goods or Commodities, together from Grenada,

with the Ship or Vessel in which the (ante shall be so exported, and die Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and i urni- Dominka, or

tore of such Ship or Vessel; and in every such Cafe the fame shall and may befeized by any Officer or toaB*

Officers of the Customs or Navy, who arc or shall be authorised and impowered to make Seizures in Cafes inrUAmcr°Cast,or

of Forfeiture; and shall and may be prosecuted in such Manner as herein-after is directed. the Weft iodic ,

they are forfeited, with the Veffds, Ac. t

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty of Gunpowder, nor n0 Duty or Fee

any Fee or Reward whatever, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer or Officers whatever to be t»ken at

in the said Islands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence respectively, for any Entry, Jamaica, Ac. for

Cocquet, Clearance, or Passport, for any foreign Ship or Vessel, or for any Goods, Wares, or Mer- in-y

chandize, imported into or exported from the said Islands respectively, in such foreign Ships or Veflek, pe!j£lly

under the like Pains and Penalties as arc inflicted upon Officers exacting or receiving greater Fees than ed by 5 Gpo.

arc allowed by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for c. 45.

more effiedlualh securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majestfs American Dominions; for repealing the In-

land Duty on Coffee imposed by an Act made in the thirty-second Tear of his. late Majesty King George the Second*

and for granting an Inland Duty on dll Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions

in America^; for altering the Bounties and Drcnvbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Atl 5

made in the twenty-third. Tear of his said late Mafjh^ whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was pro-

hibited to be exported from Great Britain, *r carried Coqjlwife; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the

Customs in the said Dominions.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by How Penalties

this Act shall and may be respectively prosecuted, fried for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain /, are to be reco-

ffuemfey, Jersey, or the IJU of Many or in any of his Majesty’s Colonies or islands in America, in the fame di*

Manner or Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects, as any other Penalties and

Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Security of the Revenue of the Customs,

or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which

were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, may be respectively prosecuted, sued for, reco-

vered, and divided, in Great Britain^ Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, or i 1 any of his Majesty’s Co-

ionics or Islands in America.

j A 2 X. And

