46 C. 42, 43. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. A. D. 1786.

shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff,

TreWe Cosa the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cosh, and have the like Remedy for the fame ay

Defendants have in other Cales by Law.

CAP.. XLII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported

into Great Britain.

preamble*

New Duties on

Battens and

Deals imported:

Which, shall be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissionert

of Cnftoxni*

Application of

4he Duties*

Clause relative to

Centrals made

before May ft

for delivering

Batten®, Sec. af-

ter June ii9

J786.

JVoviso.

pieamble.

Recital ot A A

7 Geo. 3.C.5S.

• Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain* in Parliament

assembled, having taken into'our most serious Consideration your Majesty’s most gracious Speech

* to both Houses of Parliament, recommending the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the

* National Debt, and younfaithful Commons being desirous of obtaining that desirable Object by the most

4 easy and effectual Means, have, towards that Purpose, resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the

1 several Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned $ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

4 may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twelfth Day of June one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the Goods herein after mentioned, over and above all Customs,

Subsidies, and Duties already imposed and payable thereon, the several and respective additional Duties

following; that is to say. For every one hundred and twenty Battens, imported or brought into the King-

dom of Great Britain, the Sum of five Shillings; and after that Rate for any greater or left Number of

Battens : And for every one hundred and twenty Deals, imported or brought into the Kingdom of

Great Britain* the Sum of twenty Shillings $ and after that Rate for any greater or left Number of

Deals.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Duties herein before granted

{hall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England

and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement

whatever, and {hall be drawn back* upon the due Exportation of such Goods respectively to foreign Parts ;

and the said Duties {ball be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the Drawbacks allowed in the

feme Manner and Form, and under the like Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules,

Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawbacks for such Goods are respectively raised, levied,

collected, recovered, and paid and allowed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if die several Clauses,

Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating

thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Monies to arise by the Duties

and Impositions granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of tailing and accounting for the fame ex-

cepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVefl-

minster distinct and apart from all Branches of the Publick Revenue, and shall be carried to, and made

Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the feme Uses and Pur-

<poses as the said Sinking Fund is now applicable unto.

4 IV. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made before the first Day of May one thousand

* seven hundred and eighty- fix, by the Importers or Proprietors of Battens and Deals, for serving Persons

4 *ith such Battens and Deals, or either of those Articles respectively, to be delivered in Point of Time

4 after the said twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six,’ be it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twelfth Day ot June one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-six, the Importers or Proprietors of such Battens and Deals, or either of those Articles

• re(pe£fcively, which shall be delivered after the said twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such

~ Battens and Deals, or either of those Articles respectively, and shall be intitled by virtue of this A£fc to be

paid the fame accordingly.

V. Provided neverthelefe. That the Parties who have contracted to receive the said Goods shall have the

Liberty to annul and cancel the Bargains they have entered into, in case they chuse so to do, rather than

pay the said Addition of Duties*

CAP. XLII I.

An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of

His Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in

that Part of Great Britain called England.

* \\7 HEREAS, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

* VV dn AH far granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this King-

* dun ; and for ejiablfbing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and drejjing of Hemp and , it is en-

* acted.

^oooole

