A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Gf.orgii III. C. 38.

in 2 Book to be kept at the Custom-house, by some Person or Persons to be by the fa id Commissioners ap-

pointed for that Purpose, and which Register and Registers shall at ail leafon.ible 'l imes be inspected, on

Payment of the Sum of one Shilling by any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Application for that Purpose ;

and 2 printed Copy of such Registry shall, within sixty Days next after the End of each Year, be trans-

mitted by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at the said Poit of London to the respective Cuf-

tom-houses within this Kingdom, and which said Copies so transmitted shall be infpcdled by any Person, on

Payment of the like Fee in Manner aforesaid, upon Application for that Purpose.

XLII. And be it enn&cd by the Authority aforesaid, that no Master or Commander of any Ship or

Vessel, who shall ship or load any Wool to be carried Coastwise, shall, at any Time, under any Pretence

whatsoever, unpack, or permit or Suffer to be unpacked, any Wool to him delivered (except by or through

absolute Necessity*; of which Necessity such Matter and Commander shall make Oath in Writing before

one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, on his Arrival at the Port to which such Wool shall be con-

signed), upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Bag so unpacked, the Sum or forty Shillings to the Owner or

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wool.

XL1IL And, for the better preventing of Frauds in the collusive landing of any Wool, or Woollen or

Worsted Yarn, or in the shipping or landing any of the Several Articles herein-before enumerated, carried

Coastwise; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said Articles carried Coast-

wife shall be shipped or landed, but in the Presence of the proper Officers appointed to attend the fame, nor

at any other Place or Places than the lawful Quays set out in the Manner prescribed by the A& of Frauds

passed in the fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, for England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed\

and by the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney for settling a Court of

Exchequer in Scotland for that Part of the united Kingdom, or at such other Wharfs or Places as the Com-

missioners of the Customs, or any three of them (and which they are hereby empowered to do), shall from

Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint for that Purpose (such Appointment to continue

in force until they shall revoke the fame), without Special Sufferance and Leave had and obtained from the

Commissioners or principal Officers of the Customs, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Wool, or other Arti-

cles, or the Value thereof, and three Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Wool, or other Articles, to

be paid, by the Person or Pei Sons concerned in such unlawful shipping or landing, to the Person or Persons

who shall inform thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cocquets for carrying Wool, or

any other the aforesaid Articles, from any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the Isles aforesaid,

shall be written on Paper, and not Parchment, and Signed by three or more of the chief Officers of such

respective Ports, and all Certificates of landing the fame again, in any other of the said Ports, shall be

written upon Paper only, and Signed -in like Manner; and that all such Wool, and other the aforesaid

Articles, both at shipping and landing, shall be weighed in the Preknee of the said Officers giving such

Cocquets and Certificates respectively, and that the exact Weight, Marks, and Numbers, of such WopI,

and other the aforesaid Articles, so shipped and landed, shall be likewise particularly expressed in the said

Cocquets and Certificates respectively, and written therein, without any Obliteration, Erasure, or Inter-

lineation whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons

who, by way of Insurance or otherwise, shall undertake or agree that any Sheep, Wool, or any other of

the Articles herein-before enumerated, shall be carried or conveyed to any Parts beyond the Peas, from

any Port or Place whatsoever within this Kingdom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

or in pursuance of such Insurance, Undertaking, or Agreement, shall deliver, or cause or procure to be

delivered, any Sheep, Wool, or any of the said Articles, in any Parts beyond the Seas, Inch Person or

Persons, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall, upon his and their Conviction, be

liable to be punched in the same Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Exporters of

Wool.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons

whosoever, who shall pay or. agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the insuring, conveying, or

exporting any Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, contrary to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, upon his and their Conviction, be liable to be punished in Man-

ner as herein-before directed respecting the Exporters of Sheep or Wool; and moreover, such Sheep, Wool,

or Articles aforesaid, which shall be so insured, shall become forfeited to the Person or Persons who shall sue

for the fame.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Tnfurer, Conveyor, or

Manager of or in such Fraud, or the Person or Persons agreeing to insure, convey, or manage therein, do

and shall, within the Space of six Months after such Transaction or Agreement, first give Notice thereof

to the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain for the l ime being, so as the Person or Persons

concerned with him, her, or them in such Offence be convicted thereof, he, (he, or they, so first making

such Discovery, shall not only be dearly acquitted and discharged of such Offence, and from the Pu-

DUhment to which he, (he, or they is or are liable by reason thereof, but shall also have, to his, her, or

dheir own Ufc, such Sheep, Wool, and other the Articles herein enumerated, and which shall be insured,

after the Charges of Prosecution are deduced, and shall likewise retain and enjoy, to his, her, and their

own Use, the Insurance Money or Reward given or paid to him, her, or them therein; and in case the-

Party or Parties insured shall, within the like Space of six Months, first make Discovery thereof to the said

Commissioners of the Customs, so as the Person or Persons concerned with him, her, or them in such

Offence, shall be convicded thereof, be, (he, or they so first discovering, shall recover and receive back such

3 P a Insurance

.465

The Ffgifter at

the CuHnoi-

ho*ife »n l.r'iv’oii

tu be nfpr^ted

for 1 (. and a

C >py of it irjnf-

mitre 1 annually

to* very Custom-

house.

If Wool shipped

to be carried

C* all wife be

unpacked, the

Master of the

Vessel to forfeit

40 v. for each

Bag.

Wool, See* car-

tied Coastwise,

tol-e shipped and

landed in the

Presence of an

Officer, and at

lawfulQuayr,oa

Penalty of For-

feiture of the

Wool, end 3 U

for everyth*

Cocquets and

Certificates to ha

written on Pa-

Per 5

the Weight, de«

of Wool, drc.

to be expressed

in them.

Person* insuring

the Conveyance

of Sheeps tec. to

Foreign Pa»u,

liable to the

fame Penalties

as Exporter* of

Wool and

Persons paying

for such IoFr-

ance, liable to

the like Penal-

ties, and to for-/

sett the Articles

insured.

Any Person con-

cerned in such

Insurance giving

loforma ion to ,

the Commllfion-

era of the C uf-

toms, to have

the Sheep, itc*

or if the Inform-

ant be insured,to'

receive back the

Premium, !tc«

