498 C. 46. Anno vicesimo odavo Georgii III, A. D, 1788,

I. a ft mentioned

Ad, cicept

where heitby

altered, to be

continued to

July 17 <9.

Limitation of

Aftioos*

Gener.l Issue.

Treble Costs*

Hi'jv Finei are

to be recovered

Hid applied*

The Regula-

tion#. Sec, relat-

ing to making

Spirits for Ex-

portation, &c. in

force at patting of

t4 Oto. 3. C.

46, Self. 2 i

and the fe con-

tained in a 6

Geo, 3. c. 73,

tela’ing Co levy-

ing Ducier, Scc.

to be applied to

■toe Execution of

mu Ad*

Powers of it

Car. a. c 14, to

extend lo thit

Ad.

Outlet to he paid

into the Exch*-

lutr, and earned

virtue of the said AS, or any other AS or AS$ of Parliament in force at and immediately before the jiafl-

ing cf this AS*

LXXX. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid. That the said last-mentioned AS, except

such Parts thereof as are expressly altered, controlled, or repealed by this AS, shall, from and immediately

after the fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and e ghty-eight, be revived and continued ; and the

fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full force and eftcS until and upon the fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

LXXXI. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid. That if any ASion or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done by virtue or

in puifuar.ee of this AS, such ASion or Suit shall b* commenced within three Months next after

the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this AS and the Special Matter in

Evidence at any "Trial to be had thereupon ; and if afterwards a VerdiS shall pass for the De-

fendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their ASion or ASions,

or be nonsuited, or Judgment (hill be given against him, her, 01 them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then

such Defendant or Defendants flia.ll have Treble Coifs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs.-

LXXXII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid. That all Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures by this AS created or imposed, shall be filed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such

Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated,

by any Law or Laws of Fxcise, or by ASion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wjlminjicr, or in the Couit of Exchequer in Scotland respeSively; and that

one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (not otherwise diteSed by this AS), shall be to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or fuc

for the fame.

LXXXIII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Me-

thods, Rules, DireSions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

which in or by any AS or Acts of Parliament relating to the making of Spirits for Exportation to foreign

Parts, or carrying such Spirits Coastwise, or to the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made for extraSing

Spirits for Home Consumption, or relating to the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Con-

fumption, in force at the Time of parting of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled. An Aid to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wine*

and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting andfduring the due Payment of other Duties in lieu there-

of ; and for the better Regulation of the making andvending Britdh Spirits, as wellfor Home Consumption as for

Exportation, and for de/tr eying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for

vjling in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of FerintoOl in the County 0/rInvernefs; and for

dfcontinuing, for a limited Time, certain hnpojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the Weft

Indies ; or "in or by the said AS made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Consumption, and for granting andfccuring the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better

Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for difeontin uing, for a limited Time, certain Impofls

and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies; are contained, provided, settled, orefta-

blished, for making, aflelfing, raising, levying, colleSing, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afeer-

taining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties thereby imposed, or hereby continued, and fen- preventing,

deteSing, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, and not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or con-

trolled by this AS, or not being repugnant to any of the Matters, Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations in this

AS contained, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, praSifed, applied, used, and jhic in

Execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the managing, aileffing, raising, levying, colleSing, paying,

recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enfoiting, and securing the said several Duties by this Act

imposed or continued; and for pi eventing, deteSing, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, 16 far

as the fame are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and effeSually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Method®, Rules, DireSions, Regulations, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-cnatSed in

this AS.

LXXXIV. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the Powers, Direc-

tions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An Act for taking away the Court of IVards

and Liveries, and Tenures in Captte, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon

his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise

upon Beer, Ale, and other Liouors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, colleSing,

mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than

and in such Cafes for which such Penalties or Provisions are made and provided by this AS), shall be praSifcd,

used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, colleSing, mitigating, recovering, and

paying the said Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every

the said Powers, Rules, DireSions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly

repeated and re-enaSed in this present AS.

LXXXV. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties

by this AS imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from Time

2 to

^.oooole

