t76 C. 79. Anno vicesimo sexto G-sorgii III. A.D. 1786.

dent in the

Cmirfs of the

Trade of the

Proprietor, to

be char^ej le

with the Doty

impoled by the

fiift recited Act,

if only rode in

Cafes herein

specified.

No Tax to be le-

vied for Horsea

kept by Fe.i‘« na

exempted from

the Poor’s Raid.

Claofe of last re-

cited Act, ex-

empting Or r u-

piera of Farm of

not more than

250 1. per Ann.

from Tax for

Horsea rode to

Market or

Church only,

repealed.

Person* occupy-

ing Farms of ltf«

than 70 1. per

Ann. not charge-

able with Duty

for Horses used

in Husbandry,

and only rod*

.tfona legally

qualified, who

shall act aa Com-

imftionera for the

Dutiea on

Housea, Sec, be-

fore Oft. i,

1786, indemni-

fied from Penal-

ties for nor hav-

ing taken the

Oaiha required.

Two Commis-

fionera may ad-

minister Oaths.

Two Com mi f-

fioneri may ad-

mini fter the

Oaths to other

Com mi OTi oners,

though they

ihouid not have

taken them.

Carriage (except such as was heretofore liable to any Excise Duty), or carrying Burdens in the Course of

the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall belong,

shall, in respect thereof, be chargeable with the Duty by the said herein before first recited Act imposed, or

be construed to he within the Intent and Meaning of the said fiift recited Act, in case such Horse, Mare,

or Gelairg, {hall not be used for any other Purpose of Riding, save and except in Manner herein after men-

tioned; that is to say. When returning from any Place to which any Load or Butthen shall have, by

such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any

Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or on account of

such Horse, Mare, or Gelding having been used for the Purpose of riding to procure medical Assistance,

or for the Purpose of Riding to or from Market, or to or from any PHce of Publick Worship, or to or

from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice,.or to or from

any Meeting of the Commissioners of Taxes; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary

notwith (landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be imposed, afiefled, or levied, by virtue of the said

first recited Act, for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, whereof the Owner or Owners, by rea-

son cf his, her, or their Poverty, is, are, or shall be exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxe9,

AlIcfTments, and Contributions, raised, levied, and paid towards the Church and Poor,

4 III. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, it is

4 enacted, 'I'hat the Assessments made under the Authority of that Act should be made for all Horses whatfo-

4 ever which shall, on any Occasion whatsoever, be used for the Purpose of Riding, or in drawing any Car-

4 riage (then subject to any Excise Duty); and it is provided. That upon any Appeal, where Proof (houldbe

4 made upon Oath that such Horse, for which any Person, occupying a Farm not worth more than onehun-

4 dredand fifty Founds per Annum, should have been so afleiled, had been only used for the Purpose of riding

4 to or from Market, or Church, or other Place of Publick Worftiip, and to no other Place, or for no other

4 Purpose of Riding, it might be lawful for the Commissioners to make an Abatement of the whole Duty from

the Charge against the Person to whom such Horse {hall belong;* be it therefore further enacted, That the

said recited Clause and Proviso shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person occupying a Farm, the Rent or Value of which shall be

less than seventy Pounds a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with the Duty

by the said before recited Act imposed for or on account of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, being occasionally

used in RiJing; provided such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, be bona fide kept and usually employed for the Pur*

poles of Husbandry j any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

occaficnally.

V. And whereas several Persons may have, unintentionally, omitted to take, indue Form andMan-

4 ner, the several Oaths required by the several Acts of Parliament relative to the Duties on Houses, and

4 Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under the Management of the Commissionersforthe saidDu-

4 ties on Houses, and Windows or Lights: And whereas in some of the said Acts there is no express Provi-

4 fion made for the administerine the Oaths thereby required ;* be it therefore further enacted, That all and

every Person and Persons lawfully qualified to act as Commissioner or Commissioners for the said Duties on

Houses, and Windows or Lights, who have already acted, or, on or before the first Day of Qttober one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall act in the Execution of any Act or Acts of Parliament, relative

to the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties now placed under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners for the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, although such Person

or Persons may not have taken the several Oaths so required to be taken by such Person or Persons, shall be,

and he and they is and are hereby indemnified from any Penalty or Penalties incurred by reason of such

omissions; and all Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners which have been, or shall have been on or

before the said first Day ot Otiober one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, had or done pursuant in all

other Respects to the said Acts respectively, shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and eftedhial to all

Intents and Purposes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Oath or Oaths, required by the said Acts relative

to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under the Management of the

said Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, or which may be

requisite or necefl'ary for carrying the said Acts, or any of them, into Execution, shall and may be admini-

ftered by any two or more of the Commissioners within each County, City, or Place respectively, and they

are hereby authorised to administer the fame.

VII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the

Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Ma-

nagement, to administer to any other Commissioner for the said Duties, for the same County, City, or Place,

the Oaths required to be taken by such Commissioners, although the said Commissioners administering the

fame have not themselves previously taken the said Oaths.

CAP.

