5°

Creditors for Mi

th n lool. may

compel Debtor

to deliver up

EfTefts, &c.

g and 10 Gul. 3.

C.15.

Gaoler* to give

Notice of this

Ait to all Debt*

ora in their Cuf-

tody. See.

on Penalty of

501.

Time allowed

Debtors fur talc-

ing the Benefit

of ’he reci ed

Act extended*

Creditors may

file Inter ora-

tories, See.

Not to extend to

Debt*, due to the

Crown, See. ;

nor to Scotland.

Continuance of

tbi» Act,

Preamble.

*5 Geo. 3. c.58.

Act 5 Geo. i,

c. iS.

Act 3 Geo, a,

C. 20,

C. 44, 45. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or

their Executors or Administrators, at whole Suit any Debtor shall be charged in Execution for any Sum or

Sums not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds, {hall have such Remedy, by compelling such Debtor

to deliver up his or her Estate and Effects for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, as is provided by the

before recited Act, in Cales where the Sum for which such Debtor {hall be in Execution does not exceed

the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

4 III. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paying Money awarded

c to be paid under Submillions to Arbitration by Rules of Court, or under SubtnilTions to Arbitration

4 Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pursuance of an Act passed in the

4 ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences ly Arbitration,

and likewise for not paying of Cods duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after

4 proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other

4 Process for, or grounded on the Nonpayment of Cods or Expences in any Cause or Proceeding in any

4 Ecclesiastical Court it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and {hall be intitled to

the Benefit of this Act, and subject to the fame Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and de-

clared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons are hereby directed and required

to give Notice of this Act to all Persons in their Cudody for Debt, within three Days after such Persons

{hall have been respectively committed or charged in Execution, so as to make the fame clearly and per-

fectly understood; and if any Gaoler or Keeper of a Prilon {hall neglect to give such Notice according

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he {hall forfeit and pay, to any Person who {hall sue for the

fame, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by him or her by Addon of Debt in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at IVcfimirjhr, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Impar-

lance, {hall be admitted or allowed; and in every such Action the Proof shall lie on the Person against

whom the fame {hall be brought: Provided nevertheless, that such Action {hall be brought within fix Ca-

lendar Months after the Cause of Action accrued.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected to take the Benefit

of the said Act, within the Time limited by the said Act, and {hall have remained in Prison by the Space

of one Year, and shall make it appear to the Court out of which such Execution issued, that such Neglect

arose from Ignorance or Millake, such Debtor shall then be intitled to take the Benefit of the said Act, as

if he or she had taken the fame within the l ime by the said Act lb limited as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors, at whose Suit any Debtor

shall be so in Execution as aforesaid, to file Interrogatories for the Examination of such Prisoner, before

his or her being admitted to take the Benefit of this or tfoe before recited Act.

VIE Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to any Debt or Debts that may be owing to the

Crown, nor {hall it aftedt any Proceeding which at any Time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any

Commission of Bankrupt.

V III. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland.

IX. Provided also, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for five Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the* Reign

of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fifkery* by allowing a

farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken> cured, and exported.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther

tBounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported \ it is enacted, That lor every Calk or Vellel of Pil-

4 chards, containing fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity thereof, which

should be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, between the

4 twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty-fifth Day of June

4 one thousand leven hundred and eighty-six, upon which the Pei foil or Persons exporting the lame should

4 be intitled to a certain Bounty of seven Shillings, by virtue of or under the two several Acts therein

4 mentioned, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the Eirft, intituled,

4 An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts; and bitter securing the Duties upon

4 Salt-, and the other, made in the third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4 An Act for taking off certain Duties on Sait, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Fu?:As that may

4 happen thereby; and for charging the reduced Annuity, payable to the halt India Company, on the Aggregate

4 Fund-, an Belief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page decafed, in respeti of the Duty for

4 Salt lofi by the O-verfiowing of the River Mersey in the Year one thousand Jevcn hunured and twenty four;

4 an additional Bounty of two Shillings should be paid and payable to such Person and Persons so Entitled

4 to the said Bounty of seven Shillings, at such Times, in such Manner, by such Person and Peifbns, and

4 out of such Monies, as the said Bounty of seven Shillings was by the said two several Acts, or either of

4 them, directed to be paid; And whereas the said Eilhery is of great Importance to the Nation, by pro-

4 moting

