S4-8

with an Intent

to dertroy any

Wnoilcn Goods

in ihi Loom,

See. i

nd likewise

f-erfont forcibly

enter n* in*o

any House with

»n Intern to de-

stroy any Veltet,

A-c. in the

Loom, &c. j

nd also Persons

Io entrrirve with

an Intent to de-

stroy any Linen

or Cotron in the

.Loom, Ac.

PtCATibU*

From July 5,

1789, the /ol-

io* in£ addi-

tu'nal annual

Duties to be

paid, via

White two

H are kept

lor rding,®r for

drawing any

C. 46-:—49. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Serge

or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any 'Fools employed in making thereof, or shall wilfully and ma-

liciously cut or destroy any such Serges or Woolion Goods in the Loom or on the Rack, or shall burn, cut*

or destroy any Rack on which any such Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in order to dry, or shall

Wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any 'Fools used in the making any such Serges or other Woollen

Goods, not having the Conient of the Owner so to do, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully con-

victed, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the Court of Justiciary, or any Circuit Court,

shall fuller Death as in other Cafes of Capital Crimes.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the

first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, by Day or by Night, break into any

House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Snop, with Intent to cat or destroy any Velvet,

Wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture in the Loom, or any

Warp or Shutc, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any Velvet,

Wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture in the Loom, or any

Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils prepared or employed in or for the making thereof, or shall wil-

fully or maliciously break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils used in or for the Veavin^ or making of

any such Velvet, Wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Goods, or bilk

Manufacture, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully

convicted as aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, thall suffer Death, as in other Cafes of

Capital Crimes.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or

by Night,after the first: Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, break into any House

or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut and destroy any Linen or Cotton,

or Linen and Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen or Cotton, Manufactures in the

Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy

any Linen or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen and Cotton

Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, and Utensils prepared for or employed

in the making thereof, or shall wilfully and maliciously break and defttoy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils

used in or for the carding, spinning, weaving, preparing, or making, in any Way whatever, any such Linen

or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen and Cotton Goods, or Linen

and Cotton Manufactures whatsoever. not having the Consent of the Owner so to do, every such Offender,

being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer Death

as in other Cafes of Capital Crimes.

CAP. XLVIL

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting

a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying

the Dead.

CAP. XL VIII.

An Act for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Pontefract, in the County of York, the

Parish Church; and for other Pur poles.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Mfcjefly several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and

Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the

tweny-fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two

or thiee Wheels, therein mentioned.

c Most Gracious Sovereign,

c \ I j E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 W assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty

in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional

‘ Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'I emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-nine, the several additional Duties herein-after mentioned shall be charged, raised, levied,

and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; that

is to say.

That every Person who shall keep and use two Horfis, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Pur-

pose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Caiafti, Chaise, or

any other Carriage, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty heretofore under the Management of the

Commissioners of Excise, and now transferred to and under the Management of the Commissioners for

the

