514 C. 54. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

jcliwed, &c. to before provided, and of the Names of the Commanders thereof, together with such Account so taken in each

m « '° Vessel as aforesaid.

Co^rQoit of the

Customs in the British Weft.India Iflandi,

Commander*,

Sec, obstructing

the Per fin so

appointed by the

Admirapy, to

fjrteit tool.

Not to extend to

Ships taking on

board Slave*

founi ftiip-

wrecked, Sec,

VIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Officer, or other

Person, on board of any such British Ship as aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons to be

appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, as hereinbefore provided, from examining and af-

cci taining the Number of Slaves in any such Ship or Vessel in Manner aforesaid, futh Commander, or Of-

ficer, or other Person so ob ft ruling or hindering as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prose*

cute for the fame.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this A cl contained shall extend, or be construed to extend* to the

Cafe of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found (hipwrecked, or from on board

any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or InsurreCtion among the Slaves, or the Crew, or

by Failure of Hands, or by any aCtual Distress of the Vessel, the Matter or Commander shall be di&bled

from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage ; the Proof of which shall lie upon the Matter, or Per-

son having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in every such Ship or Vessel the upper

as well as lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Re-

ception of the said Slaves *, and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two Thirds of her Comple-

ment of Slaves on board, in the Proportions herein-before directed, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall

ever be (lowed or put in any such Cabin or Place in which any such Slaves shall be.

The upper and

lower e abin,

and the Space

between Decks,

to be allotted to

the Slaves, and

ao Goods to be flowed therein after two Thirds of th« Complement shall be on board*

If any Person

take the Charge

of a Vessel who

it not Qualified

as herein direct-

ed, he ft* all for-

feit 50I. at also

the Owner wha

shall hire him*

No In finance to

be made against

any Loft, except

the Perils of the

Sea, &c.

No Vessel to be

cleared out, that

has not a Sur-

geon to her, who

has passed hit

Examination at

Surgeons Hal),

If the Officer it

the Port of Dif-

charge cf any

Vessel, shall be

falsified (bat

there have not

died, daring her

Voyage, more

than in the Pro-

portion of two

Slaves in the 100

of her Cargo, he

it to give Certi-

orates to the

hi after and Sur-

geon, and 00

Production

thereof to the

Commifft oners

of the Customs,

they are to order

the Made? tool,

and the Samoa

5°hj

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Matter, or

to take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel at the Time be shall clear out from any

Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Matter, or

Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have already served in

such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the whole of two

Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate, during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from

the Coast of Africa \ under Pain that such Master, or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of

any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners, who shall hire or employ such Person, shall, for

every such Offence respeiSlively, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Auiujl

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such

Ship or Vessel to'insure any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the fame, against any Lo(s or

Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, InsurreCtion, or Capture by the King’s Enemies,

Barratry of the Master and Crew, and DeftruCtion by Fire; and that all and every Policy of Insurance, here-

after made contrary to this Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to

clear out, unless it shall appear to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, that

there is one Surgeon at least engaged to proceed on board such Ship or Vessel $ and unless such Surgeon shall

have produced, to such Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate of his having passed

his Examination at Surgeons Hall.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear to the Sati£»

faCtion of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be dilchaxged*

that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of two Slaves in the hundred, from the Time

of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of

Discharge in any of the islands in the West Indies, belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty,

in such Cafe, the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, shall, and he is thereby authorised and re-

quired to make out Certificates, specifying the Number of Slaves that appear to have been taken on board

the said Ship or Vessel, and the Number that have died within the Period above-mentioned 5 one of which

Certificates shall be delivered to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel; and on

Production of such Certificates, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland re-

spectively shall, and they .are hereby authorised and required to direct the Sum of one hundred Pounds to

be paid to the Matter, and the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or VefleJ, out

of any Money that shall be in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs of England and Scotland

respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, that

there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of three Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the

Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Difehsurge in

any of the said Weft-India islands, in such Cafe the Collector, or other principal Officer as aforesaid, shall, and

he is hereby authorised and required to make out like Certificates, and deliver one to the Master, and the

other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel; and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scot-

land respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on Production of such Certificates, to

diced

