C« 68*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III*. A.D. 1786,

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of

all such Persons who have fuft'cred in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during

the late unhappy Dissentions in America,in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty,

and Attachment to the British Government.

*$Geo. 3»e.8o.

Commissionert.

Comtniflionert

to be fwora#

XI 7 HEREAS by an A cl, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

c VV tulcd, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Lojjes and Services of all such Persons

4 who have'foffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the hate unhappy Dissentions in America,

in eonfeouence cf their Loyalty to his Alajejiy, and Attachment to the British Government, and also by an Act

4 made in the twenty-filth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Persons were constituted Com-

4 missioners for enquiring into the respective Lofies and Services of all such Person and Persons who have

4 fu tic red in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in

4 consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And wrhereas

the Purposes intended by the said Acts are not yet completed, and it is therefore necessary that the said

4 Acts should be further continued be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

w ith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T emporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That John IVilmot Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingstonf

Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Alarsh Esquire, Jeremy Pemberton Esquire, and Robert Machenzie

Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Purposes in the said recited

Acts mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That any two Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the

Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer), in the Form following

that is to say,

The Oath, 4C T A. B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially*

44 A and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for appoint*

44 ing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have Suffered in

44 their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of

44 their Loyalty to his Maiffy* and Attachment to the British Government, according to the Tenor and Pur*

44 port of the said Act ”

Com mi Hi onen

may examine

Parties on Oath.

ComoaifiGrners

to meet, ard to

lend for Persons

cr Papers,

to app irt

Clerk;, &c*

Per fens drli«

v«-ring in Ir^u-

du.tn: I laitrs

to be excluded

fnm any Cctn-

penfanon*

Persont giving

faife Evidence to

he liable to the

And every other of the said Commissioners, in this Act named, shall likewise take the fame Oath before the

said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the fame, after they shall

themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

two or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine upon Oath

(which Oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer) all Persons whom the

laid Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all such Matters and

Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act j

and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the Lid Commissioners at such

Time or Place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat the said Commissioners, or any two or more

of them, are hereby authorised to meet and fit from Time to Time, at their present Place of Meeting, or

at such other Place as they, or any two or more of them, shall think proper, with or without Adjournment,

and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever,

and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as they shall judge necessary for their Information in

the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and the said Commissioners, or

any two or more of them, are hereby authoiifcd to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Of-

ficers as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an Oath for his true and

faithful Demeanor, in all Tilings relating to the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him by the said

Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; which Clerks and Officers are hereby re-

quired faithfully to execute and perform the T rull in them severally and reflectively reposed, without taking

any Thing for such their Service, other than such Salary cr Rewards as the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority a fore said, 'That if it shall have appeared to the Commissioners

appointed by the said recited Acts, or shall hereafter appear to the Commissioners appointed by this Act,

that any Person hath delivered, cr shall hereafter deliver to them an Account or Claim beyond the real

Loss fuuained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than a just Compensation , and if the said Com-

missioners, or any two or more of them, shall have been, or (bail hereafter be of Opinion, that such Ac-

count or Claim was or is fraudulent, then such Person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim,

shall be absolutely excluded from any Compensation or Provision whatsoever.

V I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, ujx>n Ex-

amination upon Oath before, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them respectively, as before

mentioned,

