teller Quantity* Three pence Halfpenny. — — —

The said Duties upon Candles to be paid by the Maker thereof.

COACHES.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaise

with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by whatsoever Name such Carriages are or may be called,

which shall be built or constructed in Great Britain for Sale: to be paid by the Maker thereof,

One Pound ——

X x 2

*7

A » li

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C; 13. (F.) 333

BEER. 1

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby

imposedon such Beer or Ale, and not being Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the

Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, not being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer,

which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England by the Common

Brewer, under, subje£t, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions

contained and provided in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, concerning Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer), which shall

be brewed in Great Britain by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who shall

fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately; to be paid by such Common Brewer or other

Person or Persons respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty

hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the Common Brewer or any

other Person or Persons who shall fell or tap out such Beer or Ale publickly or privately; to be

paid by such Common Prewer or by such-other Person or Persons respectively 5 and so in Propor-

tion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Fourpence.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby im-

posed thereon) and not exceeding Eleven Shillings, exclusive of such Duty, commonly called

Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England by the

Common Brewer, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and

Provisions contained and provided in and by the said Adf, made in the Twenty-second Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty; and (b in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity 5 to be paid

by such Common Brewer* Three Shillings. ——

For every Barrel of Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty

of Union; to be paid by*the Common Brewer or Victualler, Three Shillings and Four-penct

Farthing, and Thirteen Nineteenth Parts of a Farthing. — — —

For every Barrel of French Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain

dirc&ly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof. Eight

Shillings. - — —

For every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, (other than French Beer, Ale,#or Mum imported as

afoxefaid,) which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, and so in Proportion

for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof,

Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence. ——

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousend of Bricks which shall be made irt Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity, Two Shillings and Sixpence. — — —

For every Thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for

any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Shillings. ——

For every Thottfand of Pan Tiles, or Ridge Tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight Shillings. — — —

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain not exceeding Ten

Inches fquafe, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain exceeding Ten Inches

square, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Shillings. —

For every Thousand of Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain other than such as are herein

before enumerated or described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are cr may be called

or known, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Shillings. —

The said Duties upon Bricks and Tiles respectively to be paid by the Maker thereof.

CANDLES.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Tallow and other Candles whatsoever (except

Wax and Spermaceti Candles) which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for

any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Halfpenny. — — —

Fpr every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles which shall he made in Great Britain of Wax or

of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or fold either for Wax or Spermaceti Candles (notwith-

standingthe Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith), and so in Proportion for any greater or

3*

»*h

