557

A. D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 51, 52.

to the Head Office for (Vamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioner-,’

by themselves, or by their CiFicers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them nude by

any Person or Persons, from 'Time to Time, {lamp or mark, as tins Act directs, any Quantities or Pur-

ptlsof Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as ihull he brought to them for that Furpole, the Ferions so bring-

ingfthe fame paying to the Receiver (General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or

Clerk, the lcvcral Duties payable for the fame by virtue of this Act.

VI. Ar.d be it further enacted by the* Authority aforesaid, That the fame Allowance shall be made on

present Payment of the said ihvcral Duties granted by this Act, and in such Manner as by any former Law

rebung to lumped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is allowed*

V ii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Stamps as the said Com ml (Turners

?re hereby directed and authorised to provide and ule, shall and may be altered and renewed, from Time to

'Lime, in such Manner as any other Stamps under the Management of the said Commissioners are, by any

former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and-Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and

that all Persons who shall have in their Cuffnly or Possession any Vt!iumr Parchment, or Paper, marked with

any Stamp er Mark before the fame shal! have been so altered or renewed, or on which, the fame being

already stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby

directed to be imprciled, shall fvave the like Remedy ar.d AHowar.ce as by any former Law, relating to

stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is, in like Cafes, directed.

Vlil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge,

or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, tordemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark,

directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Add of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Du-

ties by this or any such former Act of Parliament granted, or Hull counterfeit or refembie tire Impreilion of

the fame, with an Intent todeftaud his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeiiois, of any of the said Duties ; or shall

utter, vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, cr Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit

Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently ule any

Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any such former Act of Parliament relating

to the said Stamp Duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcilbrs, of any of the said

Duties ; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall

fufter Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Distribulions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things

prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parch-

mentfand Papar, on which any Probate of a Will, Letters of Administration, or Receipt, or Discharge

for any Legacy, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and

Eucct with relation to the additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and

rut in execution for the railing, levying, -collecting, and securing, the Lid additional and new Rates and

Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A61, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the

fame had severally and respectivety been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional and new Rates

and Duties.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted

shall be paid, from 'lime to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties

on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame, the necessary Charges of railing, pay-

ing, and accounting for the fame being deducted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in

such Manner as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid ; and

theffaid Money, so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund

called The Consolidated Fund.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times, be sued, moldted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or exe-

cuted in pursuance of this Act, or of any Claulc, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or

Persons shall or may plead the General Blue, and give the fnecial Matter in Evidence for his or their

Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs become non-suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Preble Colts awarded

to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Lighthouses in

the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intitulcJ,

, An Atl for eretling certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the Commissioners

4 therein named were enabled, for the Security of Navigation and the Fisheries, to erect (our Light-

4 houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, one at 'Knmaird*s Head in the County of Aberdeen,

4 one on the Island of North Ranaldfhaiv in the Orkneys, one on the Point of Sea fa in the Blind of

4 Hcrrics, and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyre; and to collect and receive certain Duties upon Ships

4 passing any of the said Lighthouses, and to exerede the Powers and Trusts therein mentioned : And

4 whereas by another Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

4 D 2 * Act

Allowance Tor

prompt Pay ment

to be made.

Sra-TH? may be

al'ere.l and re-

newed.

Persons ecun-

terfei i&g

S'amps.’&C.

fuller Dcatli.

Power! of for-

mer Acts not

hereby altered,

to extend to thii

A a.

Dutiei to b*

pai&to the Re-

ceiver General

of Stamp Dutiei,

and carried to

the Confo’.idatetl

Fund,

General Issue*

Treble Coflf.

Preamble.

26 Geo. 3,

cap. 101. and

G'O. 3.

tap. 15. rcuic4{

