5oo

Penalty Oft Per*

font taking Ap-

prentice* under

the Age of S

Ycari.

Overseert of the

Poor ol «ny

Tow nth ip or

Vill.’pe may aft

•a Churchward-

cm.

Jurticea to de-

termine Com-

plaint* be-

tween Marten

end Appren-

tice*.

Not more than 6

Apprentices at

the fame Time,

'Penalty on the

Master for

Breach of any of

the Covenants

specfied in the

Indenture*

That Boys (h»ll

not be let out to

Hire, nor to call

the Streets before

ft certain Time*

Convlftions for

Penalties and

forfeiture* to he

anaJe before one

or more Jutltcei

of the

Peniltie* how to

be levied and ap-

plied*

C. 48. Anno vicesimo octavo Georg 11 IIL ’ A.D. 1788.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Indentures, Covenants, Promises, and

Bargains, hereafter to be made, or taken, of or for the having, taking, employing, retaining, or keeping of

any Boy or Boys, as or in the Nature of an Apprentice or Apprentices, or Servant or Servants em-

ployed in the Capacity of a Climbing Eoy or Chimney Sweeper, who dial! be under the Age of cigat

Years as aforesaid, than is by this Act limited, ordained, and appointed, shall be absolutely void in the

Law to all Intents and Purnoies: And that every Person who shall from henceforth have, take, employ,

retain, or keep, any such Boy or Boys, as or in the Nature of an Apprentice or Apprentices, or Servant

employed in the Capacity of a Climbing Boy or Chimney Sweeper as aforesaid, who shall be under Lie

Age of eight Years as aforesaid, contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A cl, and being

convicted thereof, as herein-after mentioned, (lull forfeit and pay for every such Apprentice or Servant, <0

by him or her had, taken, employed, retained, or kept, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor Efs than

five Pounds.

V. 4 And whereas, in many large Parishes within this Realm, there are several Townships or Villages,

4 and Overseers of the Poor are cholen and appointed within and for each such Townshipor Village relpec-

4 tively be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Overseers of the Poor of

every such Township or Village shall and may from Time to Time, within every such Township

or Village, do, perform, and execute all and every the Acts, Powers, and Authorities hereby enabled

or directed to be done, performed, or executed by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of a Parish,

or Place ; any Thing herein, or in any other Law or Laws, contained to the contrary in any wise not-

withttanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for one or

more such Justice or Justices, and he or they shall have full Power and Authority, and is and are hereby

authoris'd and empowered to inquire into and examine, hear, and determine, as well all Complaintsof hard

or ill Usage from the several and respective Mailers or Mittrefes, to whom such Apprentice and Apprentices

shall be lo bound as aforesaid, as also all Complaints of such Boys as already have, or who shall at any Time

hereafter voluntarily put them lei ves Apprentices to such Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney*

Sweeper as aforesaid; and in like Manner also to inquire into and examine, hear, and determine all Com-

plaints of Matters or Mistresses against such Apprentice and Apprentices, and to make such Orders

therein respectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by Law to do in other Cafes between Matters and

Apprentices. ’

VII. And be it further'enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons using or exer-

cifing the Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, shall retain, keep, or employ any more

than fix Apprentices at one and the fame Time; and that the Name of every Person so taking or receiving,

an Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, and also the Place of his or her Abode, shall be marked or

put upon a Brass Plate, to be set or affixed in the Front of a Leathern Cap. which every Matter or

Mistress shall provide for each such Apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his Duty; and that

every Master or Mistress shall forfeit for every Apprentice so retained, kept, or employed by him or her

beyond the Number limited by this Act, or for neglecting to provide each* such Apprentice with such

Leathern Cap. and Brass Plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her Name and Place of

Abode as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of

ten Pounds, nor Ids than five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Master or Mistress shall nrrif-

use or evil treat his or her Apprentice, or that the said Apprentice shall have any just Cause to complain of

the Forfeiture or Breach of any of the Covenants, Clauses, or Agreements, to be expressed and contained in

such Indenture, made and written out according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, on the Part

and Behalf of such Master or Mistress, then, and in such Cafe, such Master or Mistress, being Convicted there-

of in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding

ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade, Business, or

Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, shall let out to Hire, or lend by the Day or otherwise, to any other Per-

son for the Purpose of sweeping Chimneys, any Boy or Boys that are already Apprentice or Apprentices,

or that shall hereafter be bouhd Apprentice or Apprentices, under the Directions of this Act, nor shall caukr

such Boy or Boys to call the Streets before Seven of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Twelve of the Clock

at Noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-day^ nor before Five of the Clock in the Morning, nor after

Twelve of the Clock at Noon, between Lady-day and ALchaelmas; and that if any Matter or Miftrets

shall, after the puffing of this Act, offend in any of the Cafes aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit and pay, for

every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Convictions for Penalties and For-

feitures, by this Act imposed for any Offence against the fame, shall be made before one or more Justice or

Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, where such

Olio nee was committed, eitlier by Confession of the Offender, or upon the Oath bf one or more credible

Witness or Witness'cs; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for one or more such Justice or Justice-s, upon

Complaint made to him or them thereof, to summon the Person or Persons so offending before him or them

to answer to such Complaint, in such Manner as he or they is and are authorised to do in any other Marter

cognizable before a Magistrate.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by tb s

Act inipoled for any Offence, Neglect, or Default against the fame, and all Colts and Charges to be ai-

6 lowed

Goc le

