A.D. 1787.

332 C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

TABLE E.

A Table of the Duties payable ou the Exportation from Great Britain, of Goods

Wares, and Merchandize, not being particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wife charged with Duty on the Exportation.

OUTWARDS.

Copperas, Britishy for every £. 100 of the Value thereof — — —

Hair not partkularly enumerated, and not prohibited to be exported, for every £. 100 of the Value

Lapi9 Qalaminaris, for every £. ico of the Value thereof ——

Lead Ore, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof — — «— —

Skins not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to be exported, for every £. too of the Value

thereof - — —

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in America, for every £. 100 of

the Value thereof - — —

N^B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cotton Wool the

Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America may be exported in

British-built Ships without Payment of Duty, Vide 19 Geo* III, Cap. 53.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Great

Britain, the Exportation of which is not prohibited by Law, may be exported without Pay-

ment of Duty, provided the fame are regularly entered and shipped; but on Failure thereof

such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to Duty, viz* for every

£* 100 of the Value thereof ——

D*ty.

c s.

5 to

s 10 —

f 5 10 —

5 10 ——

5 10 —

5 10

5 to

SCH EDULE F.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of Excise.

EXCISE DUTIES.

AUCTION.

£■

s.U

FOR every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any

Sale at AuCtion in Great Britain of any Interest in Posseffton or Reversion, in any Free-

hold, Copyhold* or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any An-*

nuities or bums of Money charged thereon; and of any Utenfds in Hufoandry and Farming Stock,

Ships and Vessels; and of any reversionary Interest in the Publick Funds; and of any

Plate or Jewels; and so in Proportion for any greater or lerter Sum of such Purchase Money ;

fp be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, FaCtor, or Seller by Commission^ Three?pence Half-

penny* ——

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale ,at

AuCtion in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Hones, and Carriages, and

all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum of

such Purchase Money; to be paid by the Auctioneer* Agent, FaCtor, or Seller by Commission,

Seven-pence. - — —

3*

7

