306 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.

Doty

INWARDS.

Neats Tongues, the Dozen - —-

- - ■——■ — of Ireland. Vide Beef.

Necklaces. Vide Bracelets.

Nicaragua Wood. Vide' Wood.

Nutmegs. Vide Grocery.

Nuts, viz.

—— - Chefniits, the Bushel - —

-- Small Nuts, the Bushel - —

—- Walnuts, the Bushel - —

Oak Bark (when allowed to be imported),the Hundred Weight — —

N. B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oak

Bark may be imported, Vide 12 Geo. Ill, Cap. 50; and 24 Geo. Ill,

SefT. 2, Cap. 19.

Oak Boards. Vide Wood.

Oaker, the Bushel ——

Oakham, the Hundred Weight — — —

Oak Plank. Vide Wood.

Oak Timber. Vide Wood.

Oars. Vide Wood.

Oats. Vide Com.

Oil, viz.

Sallad Oil, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon

■ — '■ imported in a Foreign Ship, the Gallon

—— Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252

imported in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252

Gallons

1

— &ape and Lihfeed Oil, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

— Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated, the Ton

containing 252 Gallons - —

— Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of Foreign Fishing, the Ton containing 252

Gallops

Train pil, dr Blubber, or Fish Oil, of British Fishing, viz.

.—-■ ,.j i of Greenland and Parts adjacent, the Ton

containing 252 Gallons

« — 6f Greenland and Parts adjacent, taken by any Shipping belong-

ing to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations and imported in such Shipping,

the Ton containing 252 Gallons ——

of Greenland and Parts adjacent, taken by any Shipping belonging

to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations and imported in Shipping belonging

to Gre^t Britain, the Ton containing 252 Gallons — — —

N. B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oil,

of Blupher of Whales, Seal Oil, or any other Produce of Seals or other

Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s

Streights, or. in the Seas adjacent, oy British Subjects usually residing in

Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man,

may be imported in British-built Ships without paying any Duty, Vide

26 Gep. JII, Cap. 41. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Rc-

ftrkftions, under which Oil, Head-Matter, or other Produce of Whales or

other Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean

by thej^Jrew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the

Islands iof Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by His Majesty’s Subjects

utially residing therein respe&jvclv, may upon Importation into Great Britain

; be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever,

Vide 26 Geoj III, Cap. 50.

of Newfoundland and like Sort, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

■- i of Newfoundland and like Sort, taken by Shipping belonging to

1 any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations and imported match Shipping,

j the Ton containing 252 Gallons — — ' — — —

of Newfoundland and like Sort, taken by Shipping belonging to any

j of His (Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations and imported in Shipping belonging

to Grekt Britain, the Ton containing 252 Gallons — — —

N. B- £or jthe Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oil,

or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken on the

j Banks'and Shores of the itland of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly

j by His| Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from His Majesty’s

*5

12

