232 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Tea Dm prior

ft) the Annual

Exercise, Lifts

of the Men in-

rolled, to be sent

to the respefUro

Commanding

Officers, dec.

Headboroughs, or other Officers, shall cause such Notice as^ aforesaid to be affixed on the Doors of the

Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (if any Place {hall have

no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or

Place thereunto adjoining j and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise, ac-

cording to such Notice.

LX A. And be it hardier enacted, That the Clerics of the several Subdivision Meetings, in every County,

Riding, or Place, shall, ten Days at leait before the Time so appointed for the Annual Exercise, cause a full

and true Lift, specifying the Name and Date of the Inrollment of all the Persons inrolled (within each Sub-

division respectively) to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to be transmitted to

the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, or to such Person

as shall be appointed by Inch Commanding Officer to receive the same; and shall in like Manner

cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company.

From which

Lifts, twoTbirds

of the complete

Number shall be

chosen by Ballot,

at the first Meet-

ing for Exeicife.

The Dsy after

the Ballot, the

Regiment, dec.

to be mattered,

dec*

Vacancies by

Death, See. to

be filled of by

Ballot at the

first Meeting.

The Men bal-

Jofted to be ex-

ert i fed, and the

Remainder dif-

charged from

Attendance*

The Men fodif-

charged, liable

to Military Law,

while they re-

main where the

Regiment h af-

iembled;

and to appear on

Notice, at aoy

subsequent Place

of Exercise.

Persons not cho-

fsn by Ballot,

may serve for

Inch as are.

Authority to

Magistratet to

billet the Mili-

tia.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That at the first Meeting for Annual Exercise that {ball be appointed

after the passing of this Act, the Commanding Officer of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com-

pany, {hall, on the first Day oh which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company is directed to

assemble as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers as shall be then and

there assembled, proceed to cause such a Number of the Persons inrolled to serve in such Regiment, Batta-

lion, or Independent Company, to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for each Subdivision, as shall

be equal to two Thirds of the comnleat Number that ought to be inrolled on the Lift of such Subdivision :

Provided always, that where the Number of Men that ought to be inrolled for any Subdivision, cannot be

divided into three equal Parts, the two Thirds, to be choien by Ballot as aforesaid, shall be computed upon

the next highest Number that can be divided into three equal Parts.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That on the Day next after such Ballot, the Commanding Officer shall cause

the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to be mustered according to the Subdivision for which

each Person {hall have been inrolled to serve, and {hall cause the Roll of each Subdivision respectively to

be publickly called; and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, he shall declare whe-

ther such Person is, or is not (as the Cafe may be) bailotted out of such Roll in the Manner herein before

provided.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by the Death or

Discharge of any Person or Persons so bailotted as aforesaid, or by the Expiration of the Term for which any

Person or Persons so bailotted as aforesaid {hall have been inrolled to serve, the Commanding Officer of eaefi

Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall, at the next Meeting to be appointed for Annual

Exercise after such Vacancy shall have happened, proceed to Ballot in the Manner herein before directed, for

such further Number as shall be wanting to com pleat the full Proportion of two Thirds of the Number of

which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, ought to consist.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted. That all and every Rich Person or Persons as the Commanding

Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, {hall declare to have been so bailotted out

of such Roll as aforesaid, {hall be trained and exercised for the 'Lime, and in the Manner herein before di-

rected, during every Year for which such Person or Persons is or are inrolled to serve ; and all and every such

Person or Persons as the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company,

shall declare to have been not so bailotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further Attendance during the

Remainder of the Term appointed for the Annual Exercise.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every such Person or Persons so discharged as

aforesaid, shall, during the Time he or they {hall remain in the Town or Place where such Regiment, Bat-

talion, or Independent Company is assembled, be subject and liable to the fame Orders, Regulations, Pe-

nalties, and Punishments, as the Persons so choien to be trained and exercised as aforesaid are by this Act

subject, unless such Person or Persons shall be usually resident, or have his or their Place of Abode in such

Town or Place.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all such Persons as {hall be so discharged as aforesaid,

{hall, and they are hereby required personally to appear at any subsequent Time or Place of Exercise, of

' which due Notice {hall be given as required by this Act, and* {hall, on Default of such Appearance, be

subject to the fame Penalties and Punishments as any other Person or Persons inrolled to serve in such Regi-

ment, Battalion or Independent Company, is or may by this or any other Act be subject to.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any inrolled Person, not chofenby Ballot as aforesaid, {hall

offer himselfas a Volunteer to be trained and exercised in the Room of any Person so chofenby ballot, it {ball

be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to accept

such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so bailotted as aforesaid ; and such Person so accepted, {hall be

trained and exercised in the fame iVlanner, and under the fame Regulations, and for the fame Term, as if he

had himself been chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tyth-

ingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates, and Officers of Cities, Towns, rarifhes, Tythings,

and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any

such City, Town, Parish, Tything, or Place (but for no others), and they or he are or is hereby required

to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commiflioned Officers, and Private Men (erving in the Militia, at

the Times when they {hall be called out to Annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victual-

ling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin by

Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or

other

v^.

