53®

No wholesale

Dciler in Hritifli

Good* to be

deemrd a

Hawker*

Act not to ei-

t^nd to the i'er-

<om herein de«

fcribtd.

How Penalttef

above act. are

to be recovered

and applied*

How Penalties

not exceeding

sol. are to be

recoveied and

applied, See.

'No Person com-

mitted to Gaol

to be detained

«nore than

three Months*

Person* aggriev-

ed may appeal

to the Quarter

Sessioni,

Convtftion in

the F< rro fol-

lowing to be

fcood.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1789.

such Cause exhibited against him; and in all Cafes where Cods are allowed, such Persons so acquitted,

shall be entitled to and shall receive Double Costs; and that no such Persons, their Wives or Children, du-

ring the Time they shall use and exercise such Craft, Mystery,or Occupation,in any Parish or Place, shall be

removable therefrom to his, her, or their last legal Place of Settlement, until such Person or Persons shall be-

come actually chargeable to such PariQi or Place; any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of tbc

Poor to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person being a wholesale Trader in EngSJb

Bone Lace, in Woollen, Linen* Silk, Cotton, or mixed Goods, or any of the Goods, Wares, or Manu-

factures of Great Britain, and felling the fame by wholesale, shall be deemed or taken to be a Hawker,

Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, within the Intent and Meaning of this or of any other Act relative to

Hawkers, or of any or either of them ; and that all and every such Serfon or Persons, his, her, or their

Children, Apprentices, Servants, or Agents, felling by wholesale only, shall go from House to House, and

from Shop to Shop, to any of their Customers, who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being; subject

or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in this or in any of the (kid Acts, touching Hawkers,

Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen; any Thing in this or in any of the Lid Acts contained to the contrary not-

withstanding,

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling any printed Papers, licensed by Authority, or any

Fish, Fruit, or Viduals ; nor to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers, of any Goods,

Wares, or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or their Children, Apprentices, or known Agents

or Servants, usually residing with such real Workers or Makers only, from carrying abroad or exposing to

Sale, and selling by retail, or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares, or Manufactures, of his, her, or

their own making, in any Mart, Market, or Fair, and in every City, Borough, Town Corporate, and

Market Town; nor any Tinkers, Coopers, Glaziers, Plumbers, Harness Menders, or other Persons

usually trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Household Goods, or Harness whatsoever, from going about and

carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the fame.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, of

a greater Sum than twenty Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Fffoign,

Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety

of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

'Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the pecuniary Penalty by this A St imposed,

doth not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before one or his Majesty’s Tuftices

of jthc Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein me Offence

shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties ac«

cufed, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of every such last-

mentioned Penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the In*

former or Informers prosecuting for the fame ; and in case of Non-payment, the said Justice, by Warrant

under his Hand and Seal, shall cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods

and Chattels, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deduding the Penalty and the Expence of the

Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and shall also commit the Offender to the Pnfon of such

County, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties, and

the reasonable Charges of taking the Lid Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid,

or until the fame (ha)I be paid or satished by such Offender ; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of

the Peace, by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to

any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, until

the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless he or she shall and do fenter into a Recognizance before

such Justice, with two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Sum to be ordered by such Justice, to appear at the

Hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person committed to any Gaol or House of Correc-

tion, for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be deta'uied in such Gaol or House of Correction for

any longer Space of Time than three Months*

XXV. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves

aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, Ihe, or'they, (hull or may, upon entering into

a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by fuchjustice, to the Amount of the Value

of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which in the Judgment of such Justice shall be adequate

to the Amount of the Costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Costs as shall be adjudged, in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices

of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby ira-

powered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, or, at

their Discretion, to state the Fads specially for the Determination of his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench

thereon ; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, k shall be lawful (or such Justices, or

the Court of King’s Bench, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as

to them shall seem meet.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Conviction in the Form or to

the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Cate shall happen to be, shall be good and etfldiua1 to all

Intents

