54®

and repealed*

Permits to bt

' allowed Redi-

sien at the Rate

of 140 Gallons

for every 100

Gallons of raw

Uriiifli Spirits.

Officers to take

n Account of

the Stock of

Rectifiers, in

the Mannrr

herein specified ;

tild if any

Excess in the

Quantity be

found, it may he

feistd,

If ReAifien fell

Spirits of a

greater. Strength

than one in fix

under Hydro-

meter Proof)

they may be

feixed, with the

Vessels.

If any Part of

the Allowance

granted by this

Ack Hull appear

sot to have been

tifed, it flaall be

taken from the

Rectifier's

Credit.

% Geo. 3. c. 46.

Clauses 79 and

So, recited.

C. 45. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

meter Proof, should be cut off from his, her, or their Credit: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the

said recited Clauses;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the fame are

hereby repealed; and for the mating unto the Redtifiers and Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for

that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consump-

tion, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or

Proportion of one hundred and forty-two Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Spints or Com-

pounds, for every one hundred Gallons of raw British Spirits which they respectively shall have re-

ceived from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Redtifier or Redtifiers). of the

Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or which they shall respectively have made at the strength

last aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within thirty Days next after the Com-

mencement of this Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the lead, the Officers of Excise

shall take an Account of the Stock of Biitjh Brandy, redlihed British Spirits, raw British Spirits,

Compounds, and other British Spirits, of all and every Rectifier and Redtifiers, and Compounder and

Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not); and if, on taking any such

Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted

to such Rectifier or Redtifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, since the Time of taking the last preced-

ing Account of such Stock, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or

Officers of Excise in such Stock at the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock by the

Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity since received, by^ Permit, from any Distiller or

Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Redfiner or Rectifiers of British) Spirits), at the Strength of one to

ten over Hydrometer rroof* or made by such Rectifier or Redtifiers, or Compounder or Compounders,

at the Strength last aforesaid, with the Allowance of forty-two Gallons on every one hundred Gallons io

made or received, calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in four and seven Sixteenths

under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be

forfeited, and shall and may be lcized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, from and out of such Stock;

and the Person or Persons, in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be discovered or

found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Redtifier or Redtifiers, or Com-

pounder or Compounders of Spirits (nail fell or send out any British Brandy, British redtified Spirits, British

Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix

under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Redtifier or Redtifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, shall

fell or send out any British Brandy, British rediified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of

any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British

Brandy, British redtified Spirits, Britip) Compounds, Or other British Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Calks and Vessels containing the

lame respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That if on taking any such Account of the

Stock of any such Redtifier or Redtifiers, oj; Compounder or Compounders,. it shall appear that such Rec-

tifier or Redtifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, has or have not actually made use of the Whole oi the

said Allowance so by this Act granted, so much thereof as shall appear not to have been made use of, de-

dudting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the Stock then found on Hand to the Strength of

one in four and seven Sixteenths under Hydrometer Proof, shall be cut off from his, fier, or their Credit;

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

4 it was also enacted, That the several Duties of Excise, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year rf

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Drnies

€ composing the public Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Waresy and Merchandize,

the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the F rench King, into this Kingdom, and for

4 applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Livesy to

the Reduction of the National D^/; imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or

4 made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extradting Spirits for Home Consumption from

4 any Malt Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the lame; and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry,

or other Wash, or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except

4 such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extrading Spirits for Home Con-

4 fumption; and for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from MelaiTes

4 or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extradting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect

4 of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared

4 from foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extradting Spirits for

Home Consumption, should be, and the fame were thereby severally and respectively continued from the

4 fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, until and upon the hfth Day of July one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and that the said Duties should severally and respectively be paid

and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of such Wort, Walh, Cyder, Perry, or

4 other Liauor respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures,

4 as the said Duties by the said Act imposed, and thereby continued, were severally and reflectively payable

14 4 by

