xi4

Wo Registry to

be made, ic.

till the following

Oath he taken.

Addition to be

made totheOath

when the requi-

site Number of

Members do not

•ctead.

Ships to be ex-

amined, Act. be-

fore Certificates

arc ftaoud, &c.

C. 60* Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

X. And "be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Registry shall henceforth be made, or

Certificate granted, uniil the following Oath be taken and subscribed before the Person or Persons herein

before authorised to make Inch Registry, and giant such Certificate respectively (which they are hereby re-

spectively impowered to administer), by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, if such Ship or Vessel is owned

by, or belongs to one Person only ; or, in case there shall be two joint Owners, then by both of such joint

Owners, if both shall be resident within twenty Miles of the Port or Place where such Register is required,

or by one of such Owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater Distance from such Port or

Place *, or if the Number of such Owners or Proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater Part of the

Number of such Owners or Proprietors, if the greater Number of them shall be resident within twenty

Miles of such Port or Place as aforesaid, not in any Cafe exceeding three of such Owners or Proprietors, or

by one of such Owners, if all shall be resident at a greater Distance.

44 T A. B. of [Place of Refulence and Occupation] do make Oath, That the Ship or Vessel [Name] of

44 A [Pert or Place] whereof [Master's Name] is at present Master, being [Kind of Built, Burthen

44 etcetera, as described in the Certificate of the purveying Officer] was [when and where built, or if Prize,

44 Capture, and Condemnation] and that I the said A. B. [and the other Owners Names and Occupations

44 if any, and where they r effectively reside, videlicet, Toivn, Place or Parish, and County, or if Member of,

44 and resident in any Factory in foreign Parts, or in any foreign Town or City, being an Agent for, or Partner

44 in any House, or Copartnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such

44 Factory, foreign Town or City, and the Names of such House or Copartner/hip] am [or are] foie Owner

44 [or Owners] of the said Veilel, and that no other rerfon or Persons whatever hath or have any Right,

44 Title, Interest, Share, or Property therein or thereto; and that I the said A. B. [and the said other

44 Owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a Subject [or Subjedb] of Great Britain; and that I

44 the said A, B. have not [nor have any of the other Owners, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief] taken

44 the Oath of Allegiance to any foreign State whatever [except under the Terms of form Capitulation, deferib-

44 ing the Particulars thereof ], or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to

44 [r.aming the foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall have taken the fame],

44 and prior to the passing of an Act in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

44 (intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation), I have [or he

44 cr they hath or have] become a Subject [or Subjects] of Great Britain [either by his Mayfly's Letters

44 Patent, as a Denizen or Denizens, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Cafe may be, naming the

44 Dates of the Letters f Denization, or the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization respectively] or

44 [as the Cafe may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a Denizen [or Denizens, or naturalized

44 Subject or Subjects, as the Cafe may be] Great Britain, by his Majesty*s Letters Patent, or by an

44 Act of Parliament passed since the first Day of January one thousand leven hundred and eighty-six

44 [naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Tear or Tears in

u whichJuch Act or Acts of Naturalization have passed respectively], and that no I oreigner, directly or indi-

44 redliy, hath any Share or Part or Interest in the said Ship or Vefrel.”

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, in case the Number of joint Owners

or Proprietors of any Ship or Vessel shall amount to three or more, and three of such joint Owners or Pro-

prietors shall not personally attend to take and subscribe the Oath herein before directed to be taken and

subscribed, then, and in such Cafe, such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, as shall personally at-

tend, and take and subscribethe Oath aforesaid, shall further make Oath that the Part Owner or .Part Owners

of such Ship or Vessel then absent is or are not resident within twenty Miles of such Port or Place, and hath

or have not, to the bess of his or their Knowledge or Belief, wilfully absented himself or themselves, in or-

der to avoid the taking the Oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, or is or are prevented by

Illness from attending to take and subscribe the said Oath.

4 XlL And, in order to enable the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs to grant a Cer-

4 tificate, truly and accurately describing every Ship or Vessel to be registered in pursuance of this Act,

4 and also to enable all other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, on due Examination, to discover whether

4 any such Ship or Vessel is the fame with that for which a Certificate is alledged to have been granted \

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, previous to the registering or granting of any Certificate of

Registry as aforesaid, some one or more proper rerfon or Persons, appointed by the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland, or by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander

in Chief, for the Time being, in th6 Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, or of the Colonies, Plantations,

Islands, or Territories aforesaid respectively (taking to his or their A ffiftance, if he or they shall judge it

necessary, one or more Person or Persons Skilled in the Building and Admeasurement of Ships), shall go oiv

hoard ot every such Ship or Vessel as is to be registered, and shall strictly and accurately examine and ad-

measure every such Ship or Vessel, as to all and every Particular contained in the Form of the Certificate

herein before directed, in the Presence of the Master, or of any other Person who shall be appointed for that

Purpose on the Part of the Owner or Owners, or, in his or their Absence, by the said Master, and shall

deliver a true and just Account in Writing of all such Particulars of the Built, Description, and Admea-

furementof every such Ship or Vessel as are specified in the Form of the Certificate above recited, to the

Person or Persons who shall be authorised as aforesaid to make such Registry and grant such Certificate of

Registry 5 and the said Master, or other Person attending on the Part of the Owner or Owners, is hereby

required to sign his Name ako to the Certificate of such surveying or examining Officer in Testimony of

1 the

