47 2

Perfom apgrifT-

ed may appeal

to the Qumer

Sessions, £cc.

Ko Convi3J<m

t«> be set aside

for want of

Form.

47 "Ed. 3. Stat.

a. c. 23.

Justices at the

Quarter Sessioni

may administer

to Perfmt pro-

perly qualified to

te sworn Wind-

ers of Wool, the

following Oath,

which is to be

entered in the

Records of the

Sessions j

hut Persons not

so faorn may be

employed.

Ko Prosecution

to be commenced

for Offences

on- r to M^y 1,

17*’ <, a^ainst

the Laws re-

fusing the Ex-

portation of live

Sheep, &c.

His Majesty*

Share of Finea

row due, or

which may be-

c« me d 1 <’ o l’ro«

ft.-tio v

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1788.

shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, or

Place wherein the Offence was committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar

Months, nor less than twenty-one Days, unless the Penalty and Costs (if any) frail be sooner paid and

satisfied.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons frail think himself or themselves

aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice of the Peace, upon any Complaint or In-

formation which frail have been brought or made before him, respecting the winding or folding of Woo), it

frail and may be lawful to and for any such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Ssf-

fions of the reace to be held for the County, Division, or Place, in or for which such Justice frail have ailed,

such Person or Persons giving, and being hereby required to give, within five Days then next after such Con-

vidtion, Notice in Writing to the Respondent or Respondents in such Appeal, and frail and do, at the Time

of making such Appeal, with two sufficient Sureties, enter into Recognizance before the said Justice or Jus-

tices of the Peace, to appear and prosecute such Appeal at the said General or Quarter Sessions, and abide by

the Order or Determination of the said Court, and to pay the Costs and Charges thereby awarded against

such Person or Persons (if any) ; and every such Appeal frail, by the said Court of General or Quarter Sef-

fions, be examined, and the Circumstances of the Cafe fully enquired into, and the Matter heard and deter-

mined ; and the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised to award such Costs

as frail appear to them iuft and reasonable to be paidby either Party.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction made, or Judgment given,

upon any Offence or Offences in this Act mentioned or created, frail be set aside in or by any Ccurt what-

soever for want of Form, or through the miftating of any Fact, Circumstance, or other Matter whatsoever,

provided the material Fadls alledged in such Conviction or Judgment, and upon which the fame shall be

grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

LXXXV. 4 And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

4 his late Majesty King Edward the Third (intituled, The Officers of the Staple, and Merchants repairing to

4 /V, foall be sworn to maintain the Staple, and the Laws and Customs cf /V, it was ordained, that a certain

4 Number of Winders of Wool, and other Officers therein mentioned, be sufficiently ordained for the

4 Place where the Staple is, and they and the Correctors, and all Manner of Officers of the Staple, besides

4 the Constables, shall be sworn before the Mayor of the Staple, that they lawfully frail execute their Office,

4 without Fraud or Deceit: And whereas all Winders now to be sworn do repair to the Mayor of the

4 Staple at Westminster for the Purpose of being so sworn, whereby the Persons so desirous of being sworn

4 are subjecded to great Expence and Inconvenience;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That it frail and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, who frail hereafter be assembled at any General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any Adjournment thereof, and

they are hereby empowered and required to administer to every such Person as frail be desirous of becoming

a sworn Winder of Wool, and frail produce a Certificate under the Hands of any two Growers of Wool,

testifying to the Satisfaction of such Tuftices, that such Person is properly qualified to become a sworn Winder

of Wool, an Oath to the following Purport and Effect; that is to say,

44 t J. B. do swear, That I will truly and justly, without Deceit, wind and fold all and singular the Wool

44 which I shall take upon me to wind and fold, without leaving or putting any Clay, Lead, Stones, Sand,

44 Tails, deceitful Locks, Lambs Wool, or any other Thing, whereby the Fleece may be made more

44 weighty, to the Deceit and Lois of the Buyer ; and that I will not use any other Deceit, Craft, Guile, or

44 Fraud, in the winding or folding of any such aforesaid Wool.

4‘ So help me GOD.”

An Entry of the administering and taking of which Oath shall be made in the Records of the said Sessions,

and a Certificate thereof shall be delivered by the Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer, to the Perfect

who frail have taken the fame.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing herein contained shall be construed to

hinder or prevent any one from employing any Person in winding or folding of Wool, although such Person

shall not have been sworn in Manner before mentioned.

LXXXVII. 4 And whereas many Persons are now confined in Prison for Penalties and Fines set upon

4 them in consequence of their having been convicted of Offences against the Laws now in being to pre-

4 vent the illicit Exportation of live Sheep, Wool, and other the aforesaid enumerated Articles, which they

4 are unable to pay ; and many, to avoid such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Punishments directed to be

4 infltded upon Persons convicted of such Offences, have withdrawn themselves into foreign Parts, and Pro-

4 eels of Outlawry may have ifiiicd against some of them: And whereas it is expedient to extend a Pardon

4 and Indemnity to Persons under the aforesaid Circumstancesbe it therefore enabled. That no Prosecution,

Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced for or upon account or by reason of any Offence com-

mitted by any Person or Persons against any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force against trie

Exportation of live Sheep, Wool, or any other the aforesaid Articles, before the first Day of Max one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-eight, but that the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, frail be wholly

pardoned and released.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, as to all Penalties or Fines now due, on any former

Conviction upon any of the Acts hereby repealed, or which may become due in consequence of Prose-

cutions now carrying on, the fame frail be pardoned and discharged, so far as regards the Share or Interest

of

^.oooole

