A

T A B L E

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

v CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 26 Georgii III.

1* AN Act for confining, for a limited Time, the

/-% Trade between the Ports of the United States of

■* America, and his Majesty’s Subjects in the llland

of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live

Stock, to be imported in none but British-bu\\x. Ships,

actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated ac-

cording to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Ma-

jesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence

^according to the Form hereunto annexed.

2. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit^for a limited Time9

the Exportation of Hay.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six.

4. An Act for further continuing, foralimited Time, an Act

made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty,-intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instru-

menu from being requiredfrom Snips belonging to the United

States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited

Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and

Commerce between the Subjells of Majesty's Dominions

and the Inhabitants of the said United States ; and for fur-

ther continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the

twenty-third Tear of his present Majesty, for giving his Ala-

jfty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and

Commerce between the Suhjedls of his Alajfty's Dominions

and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the

Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Co-

ionics and Plantations in America, with respell to certain

Articles therein mentioned.

5. An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Belaud-

6. An Act fqr continuing and granting to his M.ijvfty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and ^errv. f r the

Service of the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-

fix.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide

proper Places on Shore for the Reception ot me Crew of

the Voorberg Dutch Ec.fl Indiaman, forced by St refs of

Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

9. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Man:ftf-

certain Duties 0:1 Shops within Great Britain ; for repeal-

ing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for

granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and th-ir Quarters.

11. An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Par-

liament, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

12. An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering

certain Streets, railages, and Places within the Town of

Liverpool\ in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ for lap-

plying the said Town with frcfti and wholeibme Water ;

for removing and preventing NuiUnces and Annoyances

therein ; for appointing additional Market Pisces and ior

extending so much of the Powers of an Act of ine kc ’i d

Year of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackn. y Co cit-

men, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to acatain Di(-

tance beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

13. An Act to continue and render more effectual so much of

an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

a 2 4 his

