.A. D. 1789* Anno vicefirrio nono Georgii III. -C. 66. 5^9

R-gnlatirrf

wPh reg-vd to

O ferr&c.

b*. hjvmp m a

u«# ie-’i'i•

ous, or muti tout

Maiirsr,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous,

/editions, or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such

Officer, Mariner, or Seaman into Confinement for a Time not exceeding twenty-tour Hours, before the

/ame is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Majesty’s Ships or VefiHs (being present,

or within a convenient Dittance), who is hereby authoiifed to inquire into the Cause of such Complaint,

and to examine upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief and Remedy therein as the Cii-

cumftances of the Cafe may require ; and in case none of his Majcttv’s Ships are present, the Cause of

Gomplaint shall be fully examined into by the Maher and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship’s

Company ; and if it shall be judged nccettary (or the Safety of the Ship and Cargo to continue the Offender

or Offenders in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Realbns for

coming to such Resolution dated at large, and signedby the Matter and two Officers, which they are hereby

enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report without Delay to the Captain or Commander of the

first Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the fame

to the Governor or Chief Officer of any British Port on the Coatt of Africa, or to the Governor of any of

the list'll India Islands, 0:1 their Arrival at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures may be taken to

bring the Ollendir or Offenders to Justice as the Nature of the Calc will admit.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Matter, or other Per lb 11 having or taking the Charge or

Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abttract of this Act, and ailo a Copy of the

Schedule (A), and of the iYiutter Roll respectively annexed to this Act, to be hung up and affixed to the

. most publick Place of such Ship or Veiiel; and shall cause the fame to be constantly kept and renewed,

to that at all 'l imes they may be acccflible to the Officers and Seamen on board of such Ship or Vcilel, upon

pain that every such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge cr Command of every such Ship

or Veil'd, who shall neglect to affix and renew the fame, thall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Vct]e,»on pe*

twenty Pounds. nali> °* 2o1'

XXI. And be it further enacted. That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or U mounts Of-

•Sedttion, shall be delivered over or taken into Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of

any Port on the Coatt of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the West ladies, a full Statement

upon Oath (which they arc hereby empowered to administer) {hall he made out and lodged with the said

Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alledged against the

Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial in the High Court of Admiralty for the

Offence or Offences aliedged against him or them ; and in case the said Matter or Commander of the Hid

Ship or Vefiel shall neglect to appear at the Trial, upon being duly summoned, or publick Notice of Trial

being given in the London Gazette, he shall not only be nonttmed, but shall incur such (urther Penalty as the

Court shall adjudge.

ter shall not appear at the Trial, he shall incur such Penalty at the Couit /hall adjudge.

Mjft-r focauCe

a printed Ah.

of thi«

Act, See. to he

hung up in 1 he

rroU pub.ii k

Place in hi*

tody by Order

of a Governor

in Africa, or the

W eft Indies, a

Statement upon

Oath to be

lodged with the

Governor, Scc.

and if the Maf-

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaij. That upon the Arrival of every Ship or officer*, &c. t«

Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain the Officers and Seamen therein shall be continued in full cominuein full

Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared Inwards, or their Accounts settled and paid; and that all P*yuntil the

Wages due to Run Men shall be forfeited and paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and all other For- ^wa*tf*,C!Care<*

feitures shall be applied as is specified in the Articles of Agreement, any Cuttom, Law, ox Ufuge to the wage* of Rua

contrary notwithstanding. Men to go to

Greenwich Hospital, &c.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaij. That any Offence committed in Breach or

Violation of this Act may be tried in an^ Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England wherein

any such Offence shall have been committed, or in case such Offence shall have been committed in Parts

beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been

committed shall have,cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture infixed

by this Act may be prosecuted, died for, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain ; and in

every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or De-

fendant) shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time

within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action shall be car-

ried on without wilful Delay.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person taking any Oath by

this Act authorised or required to be taken shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person (had un-

lawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken,

whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and fuller the like Pains

and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury and Subornation

of Perjury.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force till the first Day of Au%ufl one

thousand seven hundred and ninety, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or (ding any Person in

consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, or hearing and de-

termining upon such causes and Claims as shall have been made or come before the Commissioners ap-

pointed by this Act, for Compensation of Lottes sustained under the Regulations of and within the Lime li-

• 01'ited by this Act.

Where Offences

may be tried an4

Penalties fue4

for.

AfHoni miy he

brought w thin ,

three Vear•> after

thr Oifence.

Person* taking

false 0?ths to

incur the 1’ains

01 Perjury, &c.

Continuance of

Ibis A cl,

4 H z SCHE-

* a

ooooQie

