A.D. 1786, Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 59.

any such Quantity of Wine found in Excess, if such Excess shall a rife and be occasioned wholly from Wine

wmch shall have been lawfully received into such Mock, since such last Account was taken, directly from

any lawful Quay or Quays on which the fame shall have been first landed, and shall not exceed the Importa-

tion Gage of such Wine more than two Gallons upon each Ton thereof; and if such W ine shall also then

be and continue in the original Cask, Veiled, or Package in which the lame was imported, and no Fait

thereof drawn off or taken out from such Calk, Veiled, or Package ; any Thing herein before contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cycler, Sweets, British-mz&e

Wine, Mead, Spiritifous Liquors, and other Liquors whatsoever, which at any Time shall be found

in the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, of any Dealer or

Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of,. Foreign Wine by Wholesale, entered for the keeping or felling

Wine, shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Wine, within the Meaning of this Adf, of the fame Sort

and Denomination as the Wine with which the fame shall be kept, or if kept separate from any Wine, then

the fame shall be deemed and taken to be French Red Wine.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Dealer or Dealers in, or

Seller or Sellers of. Foreign Wine by Wholesale, duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall

haveOccasion to remove Uich Wine from any such entered Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar,

Vault, or other Place, the Officer or Officers of Excise of the respective Divisions or Places where such en-

tered Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, shall be situated, shall, without

Fee or Reward, from Time to Time, upon a Request Note being made and delivered, according to the

Directions of this Act, by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, grant and give a Permit in Writing,

signed by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity of all such Wine so to be removed,

diltinguiihing in such Permit such Foreign Wines from each other, according to the Denominations

thereof speciried in the Request Note, according to the Directions of this Act, and expressing the Name

and Names of the Person or Persons from whom the fame is intended to be removed, and to whom the fame

is to be removed, and that the Duty of such Wine, so intended to be removed, has been paid, or that

the fame hath been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of the Stock of some Dealer or Dealers in, or

Seller or Sellers of. Foreign Wine by Wholesale, of which an Account has been delivered at the Office

of Excise pursuant to this Act; and all Officers of Fxcise, granting or giving such Permits, shall limit

andexpre(s, in such Permits, the Time within which the said Wine, in such Permits mentioned, shall be

removed from and out of the Stock of the Persons taking out such Permits, and also the Time within

which the said Wine shall be delivered and received into the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops,

Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, of the Person or Persons respeClively to whom the fame is so permitted to

be sent.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Permit for the Removal t>f

any Foreign Wine shall be granted, or he valid, unless such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of Fo-

reign Wine, requiring the lame, shall make and fend, or deliver, to the Officer or Officers of Fxcifc hereby

authorised to grant such Permit, a Request Note, in Writing, specifying the Name of the Person to whom

such Wine is intended to be sent, the Quantity of each Sort of such Foreign Wine intended to be removed,

and for the Removal of which such Permit is required, and, if such Wine be French Wine, whether the

fame is French Red Wine or French White Wine, or, in case such Wine is not French Wine, whether the

feme is Foreign Red Wine not French, or Foreign White Wine not French, and also the Number and

Contents of the Calks, Bottles, Jars, or Vessels containing the fame, and likewise whether the fame is to

be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance such Wine is intended to be sent;

and all such Wine, .which shall be removed under a Dcfcripiion not conformable to this Act, or under a false

Description, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vciiels, and other Packages containing the fame, and

the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Boats, Barges, and other Carriages used in the Removal or Carriage thereof,

shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Wine shall be brought into any

Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, made use of by any Dealer or Dealers

in, or Seller or Sellers of. Foreign Wine, without an authentick Permit, granted and given according to the

Directions of this Act, which Permit shall be produced to and left with the Officer of Excise under whose

Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all such Wine so

brought in without such Permit, together with the Casks,' Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages containing

the fame, and such Wine, with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages containing the fame, shall

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Person or Persons, not

being a Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, either by Wholesale or by Retail, shall

haveOccasion to remove any Foreign Wine from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, it

{hall and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers of Excite of the respective Divisions or Distridls in

which the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed shall be situate, upon such Person or Per-

fons, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, proving to the Satisfaction of the said respective Com-

missioners of Excise, or of the Collector or Supervisor ot Excise of the Collection or Diiirict in which the

Place from whence such'Wine is intended to be removed is situate, that all the Duties for such Wine have

been fully paid, and upon a Request Note, in Writing, made and sent, or delivered, to such Officer or

Officers of Excise authorised to grant a Permit thereupon, under and by virtue of this Act, specifying the

Quantity of each Sort of such Foreign Wine intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such

Permit is required, and, if such Wine be French Wine, whether the lame is French Red Wine, or French

White

103

Cyder, fcc.

found in rhe

PoflciTmn of a

Wholesale D«.iU

er, to be drem*

eJ Foreigo

Wme»

Permit! to be

given without

Fee.

Permit not to be

granted unlef«

the Request

contains the

Quantity to b*

removed, Sac.

Wine removed

C mtiary t»this

Act feiiible.

&c«

Wine brought

int • a Ware-

houfr, Stc. with*

out a Permit to

be forfeited,

Permit; to be

granted for the

Rt 7 oval cf

Wine bel' nging

to private IVr-

fon$, but i f

noved comiaif

hc:eto, lurleiito#

^.oooole

