A. D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 13. (C.) 329

inwards.

Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King entered for

Prisage, viz.

■ ■ —■ ■ imported into the Port of London, in a Britidi-built Ship, the Ton con-

taining 252 Gallons — — — —

* »■ —■ ■ ■ in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons —

»■ —- having been imported into the Port of London, and exported to any

British Colony or Plantation in America or to any British Settlement in the

East Indies, the Ton containing 252 Gallons — — —

—-----exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons —

- imported into any Port of England except the Port of London, in a British-

built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons — —

—-----in a Foreign Ship, the 'Foil containing 252 Gallons —

■ ■ - having been imported into any Port of England except the Port of London,

and exported to any Brituh Colony or Plantation in America or to any

British Settlement in the Eait Indies, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

■—-----exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

N. B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Vinegar of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

the Ton containing 252 Gallons — — —

Oil, viz.

— Sallad Oil of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon — — —

-----imported in a Foreign Ship, the Gallon — —

— Ordinary Oil of Olives of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the

French King, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

——-----imported in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

Brandy of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

the Gallon — — — — —

N, B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Beer of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either

Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £.100 of the V

thereof — — — — — —

N. B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Cabinet Ware, Turnery, and Mulical Instruments, of the Manufacture of the Euro, .....

Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain,

in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law,

for every £• 100 of the Value thereof — — —

Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with

other Substances, such Articles not exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings, by

the Hundred Weight, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of

the French King, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships

of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every

£. 100 of the Value thereof — — — —

Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with

other Substances, and exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings by the Hundred

Weight, and all Buckles, Buttons, Knives, or Sciilars, and all other Articles of

Hardware or Cutlery, and all Articles composed of Copper or Brass, separately

or mixed, or worked or mounted with other Substances, all such Articles being

of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, and im-

ported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either

Country, owned and navigated according to Law, for every £. 100 of th* Value

thereof — — — — — —

Manufactures of Cottons, and also Woollens, whether knit or wove, including Hoficry,

being of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French

King, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built

of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £.100 of the

Value thereof ' — — — — —

N. B. Cottons, if stained or printed, are subject also to Duties of Excise.

Cambrkks of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, im-

ported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either

Country owned and navig: ted according to Law, viz.

The Demi-piece, not exceeding y\ Yards in Length, and not exceeding J of a

Yard in Breadth, or exceeding £ of a Yard in Breadth, but not being above

the Vajue of Fifty Shillings, and so in Proportion for the like Sorts imported

in any Pieces of any greater Length — —

Duty, Drawback,

£■ s. d. £• r. d.

21 11 10

24 6 9 ——

— — 2 I 11 10

— — — 17 *7 1

18 16 r 0 — — —

21 1 r 10 *—•

— ' 18 16 10

: 5 7

32 18 10 7 '4 11

1 1 ,

— 1 2 — 1 —

7 — 9 6 4 9

7 9 3 6 4 9

9 8

5-M O — — — — —

10 — — — — —

5 — — — — —

10 — - — — —

12 —- — — —

S

LjOOOO

