40

GooH H.pe,

/hall be rroufht

in*o London or

Wtfftninfler,&C.

without 9 proper

Or ifica»e.th*f

the Dut-es have

been dulj paid,

&c.

The Pr*of of

t|i€ Place to

vthich such

Goods were re*

moving to lie OO

the Claimer.

In certain Cafe*

such Goods may

be removed

without For>

Igiutrt thereof.

Cornmnders of

his MigeHY-s

Ship* of W*r,

tec. may seize

any Velfelaor

Goods fut jed to

foileiUi*c.

Wjtn flea m be

exati>t»ed on

<J«»h bet«.re the

Surveyors Ge-

neral of the

Cothtma.

)’cjf*ru malting

a false 0<iih. See.

to he deemed

guilt) of Per-

>'!

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

If id a Trial for

Seizure of

Goods, wherein

a Verdi6\ shall

hr given for the

Cl aimer, there

C. 40. Aiino vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786,

any Place whatever, into the Cities of 'London and IVtjlmivfler, and the Liberties thereof, or the Borough of

Southwark, and the several Suburbs thereof, or into the Parishes of Saint Mary le Ben, and Saint Paruras,

in the County of Aftdd/efex, without a Certificate, as directed by the said !ait-recited Act, made in the said

ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, cr without a Cenlicate from the Collector or other proper

Officer of his Majesty’s Customs in the Port of London, certifying thatH:he Duties have been duly paid for

the fame at the Importation thereof, or that die fame have been before com {bounded for or con Je nned ;

which shall be verified by the Oath of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, referring to the Time

or Times when such Goods were entered, compounded for, or condemned, under the Penalty of the For-

feiture of all such Goods, and of the Packages, which shall be so brought, removed, carried, or conveyed

into, or which shall be found carrying, conveying, or removing to, the said Cities and Places aforesaid, or

any of them, with Intent to bring such Goods into some or one of die Cities or Places aforesaid, without

such Certificate as before directed, together with the Boats, Carts, Horses, Cattle and Carriages, made

use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of the fame, and the Furniture belonging thereto.;

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from after the passing of this.

Act, any Dispute shall arise, touching the Place to which such Goods or Commodities, as aforesaid, were

removing, carrying, or conveying, the Claimer or Claimers of such Goods or Commodities shall prove

that they were removing, carrying, or conveying to some Place, ether than the Cities and Places aforesaid ;

and that the Proof of their being removing, carrying, and conveying to the Cities and Places aforesaid, shall

not lie on the Officer who shall seize and Pop such Goods.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any of the aforesaid CommoJnies, which shall be removed,

or found removing, as before mentioned, if it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Cominidioners of the

Customs, that such Goods were bought in a lawful and open Way of Trade, or are the Property of private

Persons, and have been used as their domestick Furniture.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Commanders of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or any commissioned Warrantor Petty

Officer, facially authorised by them, to seize, without having any Deputation or Com mi (Hon from the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs or Excise for that Purpose, any Goods or Commo Pities whatever,

or any Ships or Vessels whatever, which shall be subject to Forfeiture by this Act, or by any other Act or

Acts of Parliament now in force, for any Offence against the Revenue of Customs or Excite: Provided the

Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War shall bring, or cause to be brought, every such Seizure to his

Majesty’s Warehouse at the nearest Custom-house to which such Seizure can conven.eotly be brought, and

shall there lodge arvd deposit the fame, in the Custody, and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer

of the Customs, in case the Seizure shall be made under any Act for securine the Revenue of Customs, or in

the Custody, and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excite, in case it shall be made under

any Act for securing the Revenue of Excite only; and mall, in all Respects, in regard to the Protection or

Delivery of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions,

to which the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs and Excise are now, in cate of such Seizures made by them

respectively, subject; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXVIII. And whereas great Difficulties have arisen in ascertaining the Truth of Fafts relative to his

Majesty’s Revenue of Customs, as well as to the Conduct of the Officers employed therein, upon Exa-

4 minations and Inquiries made by the Surveyors General of the Customsbe it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons examined before

them as a W itnel’s or Witness'es, or any or either of them, respectively, shall deliver his, her, or their T estimony

upon Gath, to be administered by the Surveyor General, or Surveyors General respectively, who shall ex-

amine them; and such Surveyor or Surveyors General are hereby authorised to administer such an Oath ac-

cordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIa. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall be convicted of making a false Oath, touching any of the Fafts directed or required by this

Act to be testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence, on his, her, or their Examination on Oath

before the Surveyors General of the Customs, or any one or more of them, respectively, in Confor-

mity to the Directions of this Act, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of

Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt

Perjury.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created

and incurred by this Act, shall and may be sued for, protecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Man-

ner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels forfeited

for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, protecuted, recovered, and dif-

posed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be intitled

to, and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law intitled to upon

Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecu-

niary Fine, or Penalty, or Composition, paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law

or Regulation intitlea to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act*

in case any Information shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on account of the Seizure or any Goods*

or of any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or of any Horte, Cattle, or Carriage, as forfeited by this or any other

Act of Parliament relating to his Majesty’s Customs or Excite, or other his Majesty’s Revenues, wherein a

Vewlift or Sentence shall be given for the Claimer thereof and it shall appear to the Judge, Justice, or

Court*

