485

A. D. 1788. Anno vicesimo odlavo Georgii III. C. 46.

per~ty of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acidsy Salts, and

Cinders^from Pit Coal throughout his Majestfs Dominions, for a limited Time).

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithftajiding

any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained, the said Earl, his Executors, Administrators, or

AIBgns, shall be, and he or they is and are hereby required to deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excise of

the L)ivision, District, Place, or Bounds, within which any of his or their said Works or Stills are or shall

be erected, an Account in Writing, specifying the Number of his or their said Stills, with a Description of

the fame, and the Purposes for which such Stills were respectively erected ; reserving to any of his Majesty’s

Officers of Excise, under the Conditions and Limitations herein-after specitied, at all lawful Hours, to

visit such Work or Works, and such Still or Stills, and to examine, by all proper Means, the Liquor or

Matter coming from the said Still or Stills; but not to open the said Still or Stills, unless the said

Officer or Officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine the Liquor or Matter coming from the said

Still or Stills.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in the

Power of any Officer or Officers of Excise to visit or inspect the said Workhouse or Workhouses, or the said

Still or Stills, or House or Houses, or Places thereto belonging, unleis the said Officer or Officers shall have

previously obtained an Order from the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in England and

Scotland respectively, or shall proceed upon a signed Information in Writing, and upon Oath made and re-

duced also into Writing, before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or before any one or

more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, certifying that the said Works or Stills in the said Act described,

in place of being bona fide used for the Purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used in extracting Low

Wines or Spirits from Wort, Wash, or other Materials whatsoever$ in which Cafe such written Informa-

tion, and Oath, and Warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged, if required, with the Manager of the

Taid Works so visited, upon the said Manager’s granting a Receipt for the fame ; and if the said Still or Stills

{hall be at such Visitation, or shall have been previously ulVd after being erected in the said Works for the

Purpose of diddling Wash, Worts, Low Wines, or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the

said Act, such Still or Stills, and Utensils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as unlicensed Stills,

and the Owners and Ul‘ers thereof subjedted to the Pains and Penalties in that Behalf made and provided by

this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Rates and Duties

granted and imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force upon any Licence re-

quired to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn, Malt, or other Materials, in Scotland

(save only and except any Arrears now due in respect of such Rates or Duties), shall be discontinued for the

Space of one Year.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That on the sixth Day of July, in the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, an Account shall be taken, by the proper Officers of

Excise, of the Stock of British Spirits then on hand at the several and respective licensed Distilleries in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and a Return thereof shall be made in Writing by such Officers to the

Commissioners of Excise in Scotland; and if such Spirits, or any Part thereof, shall be intended to be sent into

that Part of Great Britain called England, Notice thereof shall be immediately given to such Officer or

Officers, by such Distiller or Distillers, specifying therein the Quantity and Kind of Spirits so intended to be

sent into that Part of Great Britain called England; and the said Spirits, and every Part thereof, shall there-

upon be forthwith secured and locked up in a Warehouse or XVarehouses, to be provided at the Expence of

such Distiller or Distillers, and approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, each of Which

Warehouses shall be secured under three Locks and three Keys, one of such Locks to be provided by such

Distiller, and the other two Locks to be provided by the Surveyor, Supervisor, or Officer of Excise of the

Division or Place where such Spirits shall be locked up, at the Expence of such Distiller or Distillers, whereof

one Key of each Place shall be kept by such Distiller or Distillers, and another by such Surveyor or Super-

visor, and the third by such Officer of Excise, until the fame Spirits and every Part thereof shall be delivered

out to be shipped for England as aforesaid, and the said Spirits shall not be delivered or taken out therefrom

For any other Purpose or Purposes whatever, except as is herein-after provided and excepted, nor without a

Permit or Permits from the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, certifying that the said Spirits were made

or diddled before the said sixth Day of July, in the Year one thousand (even hundred and tighty-eight, and

had been taken Account of and locked up as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Spirits of which an Account

shall have been so taken, and which shall have been so secured as aforesaid, may be shipped for Exportation

from that Hart of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England, and cleared

outwards at the Custom-house of the Port where the fame shall be so shipped, at any Time or Times before

the tenth Day of October \n the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty -eight; and shall and may be

imported to, and landed in that Part of Great Britain called England, under the like Rules, Restrictions,

Regulations, Conditions, and Provisions, and subject and liable to the fame Duties, upon being brought into

England, as is and are contained in an Act of Parliament made in the twemy-seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the fiveral Duties of Cujioms and Excise, and granting other

Duties iny lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick

Revenue j for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or AJanu-

faClure of the European Dominions of the Erencii King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed

Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National

^ . Debt)

Earl of Dundo-

mid to give the

Officer an Ac*

count of hit

Stills, Scc*

Officer not to in*

spe& his Lord*

ship's Work-

housea without

an Order from

the Com mission-

ers of Excise, off

Information of

the Stills being

illegally worked*

Duty "upon LI*

cences to Dif-

tillers, to bediL

continued for a

Year.

On July 6,1788,

the Stock of

Spirits at the li-

censed Distille-

ries in Scotland

to betaken;

and Notice of

any Part thereof

intended to be

sent to England,

to be given to

the Officer,

which is to be

locked up in the

Manner herein

directed, and not

delivered with-

out a Permit.

Spirits so secured

may be shipped

and cleared out

any Time before

Ott'>ber 10,

17 88*

and may be

lanHel in Eng.

Imd subject to

the Duties acd

Regulations of

»7 Geo. j. c.

J3I

