1

4i8 C. 24, 25. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

5 Geo. a. e. 30.

to pretent the

committing of

Praudsby Bank*

rupts, continued

to June 1,1793,

fcc.

$0 much of

*4Geo.3. c. 56*

as cx'i nds to

authuiiie the

Removal of Of-

fenders to tem-

pivary Places of

Confinement}

and 19 Geo. 3.

c. 74. to explain

and ann£nd the

Laws relating to

the Transp-rt-

ation, &c. of

Offender*, c n-

tioued tf'June I,

>793.

Offenders cen-

veyed to tempo-

rary Placet of

Confinement,

under 24 Get.

c, 56. shall be

treated, main-

tained, See, as

Offender* fen-

teaced to hard

Labour under 19

His Majesty may

authorisePersont

to make Con-

tract for the

Transportation

of Offenders,

Preamble.

26Gro.3c.IOI

ficued.

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A:t to prevent the comsnitting of Frauds by Bank-

rupts, which was to continue in force born the twenty-fourth Day ofJune one thousand (even hundred and

thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the ninth and sixteench Years of his said Majesty’s Reign,

\tfas further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and

by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further

continued until the first Day of Seftemher one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and which, by feve-

ral fublcijuent Acts, made in the thirty-lull Year of his said late Majesty’* Reign, and the fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twentyTninth Day of September one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-one; and which, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Ma.

jetty’s Reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thei.ce to the End of the then next Scifion of Parliament; and by

three other Acts, made in the iixteenth, twenty-fiift, and twenty sixth Years of h»s present Majesty’s Reign,

was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, fiiali be, and the lame is hereby further

continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. * And whereas an Act was made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

c intituled. An Act for the tjj'c 'Auai Transportation cf Felons and other Ofenders, and to authorise the Removal

‘ of Prisoners in certain Cafes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;■ whereby an Act, made and passed

4 in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws re-

4 bating to the Pranfportation, hnprifnment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, was continued until

4 the* first Day of June one thoulanu Even hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the

4 then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said last-mentioned Act, and alfofuch

4 of the Prcvisions of the said first-mentioned Act as were declared to remain in force until the said first

4 Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then

4 next Session of Parliament, should be further continued :* Be it enacted, Tlut the said Act, made and

passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and also so much of the said Act, made

and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as extends to authorile the Removal

of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first Day of Jam

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Offenders who shall, by virtue of the said Act of the

twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, be removed to temporary Places of Confinement, shall, during

such Confinement, be treated and visited in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Ou

fenders who are sentenced to hard Labour under the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign;

and all Expences occasioned by their Maintenance or Death shall be defrayed by .the Overseer or Over-

seers appointed by his Majesty, in such and the like Manner as the Expences occasioned by the Maintenance

or Death of Offenders fencenced to hard Labour under the aforesaid Act of the nineteenth Year of his Ma-

jesty’s Reign.

Geo. 3. c. 74.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall be pleated to give Orders for the Trans-

Dortation of any Offender or Offenders, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, under his Royal Sign

Manual, if he (nail think fit, to authorise and impower any Person or Persons to make Conrrads for tnc

effectual Transportation of such Offender and Offenders, and to direct to what Person or Persons Security

shall be given for the effectual Transportation of such Offender or Offenders ; and every such Contract and

Security shall be equally valid and effectual, and every Person contracting for the Transportation of any

Offender or Offenders with any Person or Persons so authoriseff by his Majesty as aforesaid, shall have the

like Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders, as if such Contract had been made, and such

Security had been given, in the Manner required by the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s

Reign.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for netting certain Light-houses in the northern Parts

cf Great Britain.

* ^ E R E A S by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

• c V V An Act for erecting certain Ligfht-boujcs in the northern Parts (/Great Britain, the Commissioners

a foui tii

Googh

