83

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 54—56.

intheseventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for die Term of seven

^ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby

further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of (even Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an 'Act, made in the twenty-third Year* 23^*0. 5.

the Reign of his present Majesty, imituleJ, An A:1 for the more effectual Encouragement of the Ivlamtfac- Year*8*

tomef Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for two Ye2rs, from the tuft Day

0{January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expit ation thereof, for the fur-

ther Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nine- So much of A&

tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum 19 (>0* 3-c*

shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships, on their Voyages, which was to be in force for DrillbacV^n

two Years, from the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and (eventy-nine; and which, by two nurns tl

Acts, made in die twenty-first and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further con- Store* fr Mcr-

tinaed until the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall, from and after the passing chant Ship*, re-

of this Act, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the "‘vr*’ ard ^ut"

bit Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

17 R&,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Geo. 3.

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act jor granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and c. a6 revived,

and undr(fed Flaxy from his Majesty's Colonies in America, which was to continue in force from the T,jCon-

twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-feur, for the Term of twenty-one Years, V* *4 °1806.

shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in J

lull Force and Effect until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of tTte

Stamp Office rateable to the Land Tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes

and omt Mary le Strand\ in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be re-

moved into any other Division or Place.

tt The Land Tax ASt of this Session recited. Commissioners, lie. of the Stamp Duties to be assessed to

a the Land Tax for their Salaries, lie. in Shire Lane Ward, though the Office be removed. One fourth

Part of the Assessment, lie. to be paid to the Collectors of the District to which the Office shall be re-

moved. Publick Act.”

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein

mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County.

u Justices may raise Money by granting Annuities for Lives, with or without Benefit of Survivorship. An-

w nuities charged upon the County Rates. Grants may be transferred. The Justices to lay a sufficient

44 Rare for the Purposes of the County,* and for paying the Annuities. Justices to appoint a Treasurer,

M and to take Security from him. Accounts to be kept of the Receipts and Disbursements. The Justices

u may fell certain Ground and Premises. Clause saving to the Justices the Powers given by former Acts.

“ Publick A&.”

CAP- LVI.

An Act for -obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain

Questions specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor.

XKT HEREAS the great and increasing Expences of maintaining and providing for the Poor, within

VV. that Part of Great Britain called England, and the continual Distreifes of the Poor notwithstand-

4 ing, make it highly expedient for the Legislature to take that Subjedi into their most ierious Consideration:

4 And whereas Information of the State of the Poor, and the Nature of those Expences, may be necessary

1 to be procured, in order to enable Parliament to judge of proper Remedies to redress those Grievances;

4 but it is apprehended /uch Information cannot be effectually obtained without the Aid and Authority of

4 Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, lie.9

44 Printed Copies of this Act to be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace to be distributed amongst the Juf-

44 tices, lie. Returns made by the Overseers to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments. Justices

44 to appoint a Meeting of Overseers, between the Mulsummer Session and Ofiober 20, 1786, to give in Re-

45 turns, lie. Justices, at the Meeting, to receive the Returns, lie. and administer an Oath to the Over-

14 seers, lie. High Constable, or other proper Officers, to receive Schedules from the Clerks of the Peace»

44 to deliver one to each Overseer of the Poor, to receive from the Justices the Returns of the Overseers,

44 apd to transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace. Overseers to deliver in Writing, on Oath, a Return

M 2 " W

^.oooole

