A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 49. 5S1

Act imposed, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque

Ports, Towns, and Places, in Which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet for

the first Time on or before the tenth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine, and after-

wards in like Manner meet yearly and every Year, at such Days or Times as the said Commissioners for the

Time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth Day of April yearly, and shall then divide

themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act for assessing, railing,

levying, and collecting, the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and under

the fame Regulations and Directions, as are prescribed by the before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, with

respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, except in such Cafes in which any Alteration is made in

this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by any Neglect or Default there shall not have and In Default

been a Meeting of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of the several Powers by this or the said of thfir ,hen

Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty created, within of at the Time or Times, or accord- at

ing to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by the present or the said Act of the #nj ^cher^Time.

twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of

them, in all the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places

in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet at any other Time or

Times, and from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion; and such Commissioners are hereby required,

as soon as may be after the Time or Times so prescribed, to meet in order to execute the said Powers; and

such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as soon as may be, after the Time or

Times at which such Meeting shall have been held according to the Directions of this present Act, to

execute the fame and the Powers therein contained, so as the said Rates and Duties charged by this

Act be duly and effectually charged, ruifed, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sur-

cessors, for the Uses in this Act mentioned, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect; and all such

Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby

declared to be good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect as

afore said.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in No Commis-

the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained (except in administering the Oath of fi‘nw«oaftull

Qualification herein expressed), until he shall have first taken, besides the several Oaths required to be taken thefollowin'*

by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, an Oath in the following Manner; that is to say,

M T A. B. do swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner, and will deter- Oa b,

44 mine all Appeals which shall be brought before me, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, pursuant to

44 the Act of Parliament in that Behalf,

“ So help me GOD ”

Which Oath any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, City, or Place, where the

Alfeffittcnt is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any Person shall act as a Commis-

iioner for putting this Act in execution (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such Oath as afore-

said, he shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be inserted in the

Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of Parishes or Places within their

respective Districts or Divisions, whom they shall think fit to be Presentors or Assessors under the said before-

mentioned Acts, or any of them, that such Persons are also appointed Alleflors of the additional Duties on

Hoi fes and Carriages in this Act contained.

XIV. And, for the more effectually levying and collecting the Duties imposed by this Act, be it further

enacted, That if at any Time there shall be a Neglect to appoint Assessors lor the said Duties on Horses

and Carriages, or any the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, under the Management of the said

Commissioners, or if the Alleflors appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this

or the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, then, and in that Cafe, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under

the Authority of the said Act of the twenty-fifth of his present Majesty, or any of the said Acts relative

thereto, or to any of the Duties on He uses, and Windows, or Lights, thereby and therein referred to,

juid they are hereby required to do and perform such and the like Services as by this Act is required of such

Afilflbrs.

. XV. And be it farther enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, or any Sur-

veyor or Inspector hereby authorised to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, shall take

and subscribe, besides the Oaths or solemn Affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by Assessors, by

any other Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said Duties, an Oath, or, being one of the People called

^takers, a solemn Affirmation, in the following Form; (that is to say,)

*4 T A. B. do swear (or affirm, as the Cafe may requireJ, That in the Assessment which lam required to Qath,

44 make in pursuance of the Act of Parliament in that Cafe made and provided, I will aft without Fa-

44 your or Affection, and according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

“ So help me GOD."

on Penalty of

100I.

Commissionert

to give Notice

to the A (Teflon

of their Af-

pointment.

If no Assessor*

are appointed,

or they neglect

their Duty, the

Sui veyort or

I^spefton under

2)5 Geo. 3. to

aft as Assessuri.

Such Surveyort

and Inspectora

to take the

following

Which

