24

G:ntr*\ IiTuc.

Treble Costs.

Fine* and For-

feited Good*,

See. how to be

applied*

Part of the A£fc

of 15 Geo. 3.

repealed*

The recited A£U

(except. See.) to

remain in force*

Preamble*

C. 26—31. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 178(5.

mitted ; and in case the Person or Persons making such Seizure as aforesaid shall have quitted the said Island of

Newfoundland before the Expiration of three Months from the Time of the Offence committed, then that

Inch Action or Hrofecution shall be commenced within three Months after his or their Return to Great

Britain; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special

Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence, and that the fame was done in Profeciftion and by Authority

of the said Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Court shall adjudge and decree, or the

Jury shall find, in the Courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland respei\ive\y, for the Defendant or Defend-

ants ; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonrfuited, or discontinue his Action, Libel, or other Proceedings in the

Courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland, after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if

Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defend-

ants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as the Defendant or Defendants hath

or have in other Cafes by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Fines or Penalties

inflicted by this Act, or by the Acts herein before recited, and to be levied upon the Seamen or Fishermen,

except those for Neglect of Duty ; and that such Ships, Vessels, or Goods, as shall be seized, condemned,

and forfeited as before mentioned, except such the Diiiribution whereof is otherwise directed by this Act, shall

be given, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Governor of Newfoundland for the 'T ime

being, to be applied, under the Direction of such Governor, in defraying the Passages home of such Per-

son or Persons as by this or any former Act are directed to be feat back to the Country to which they

belong.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the

fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present M. jelly, as gives any Jurisdiction to the Court of Vice Admiralty*

for the said Island of Newfoundland with respect to enquiring into and determining Disputes concerning the

Wages of any Seamen or Fishermen, or any Offence committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seamen

or Fishermen, or any Controverlies or Differences arising from their Contracts or Agreements, shall be, and

the fame is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Matters, and

Things in the said herein-before recited Acts contained, which are not altered or repealed by this present Act,

shall continue and remain in full Force.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for authorising the Lord Chief Baron, and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland\ to pay a

certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under

the Conditions therein mentioned.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Ronford> in

the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Essex,

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Play-house within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of

Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions therein limited.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal

to Fradicy Heathy in the County of Stafford \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44 Acts 8 Geo. 3. c. 36. 23 Geo. 3. c. 33. 25 Geo. 3.~c, 99. recited. Coventry Company impowered to

<c borrow the further Sum of 40,000/. ana to assign the Navigation as a Security. Mortgages to be registered,

44 and may be assigned. Interest of the Money borrowed to be paid prior to any Dividends to the Com-

u pany ; and may be paid out of the Principal, until the Canal is completed. Dividends limited to three

44 per Cent, till the Canal is completed. Proprietors may become possessed of a greater Number of Shares

44 than directed by the former Act, but not to exceed thirty. Publick Act.”

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year,

to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

4 Most gracious Sovereign,

f \X7 H E R E AS by several Acts of Parliament, heretofore made and passed, it was enacted. That all

1 VV the Monies which at the End of any Quarter of a Year should or might arise from the respective

4 Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies of the several Publick Funds in the said Acts described, should

4 be appropriated, reserved, and employed as a Sinking Fund, to and for discharging the Principal and In-

4 tcreft

