2 2

and to forfeit

Treble the V*.

lue of the Ar-

ticles fold, &c.

Such Fishermea

not to purchase

any Goods of,

or to barterwith,

Foreigners for

the fame.

Offenders to be

committed, and

to forfeit Treble

the Value of the

Goods.

Not to extend to

the Importation

of Bread, dec*

No more than

40 a. to be paid

for the Passage

of any Person

from Newfound-

land, dec.

Such Payments,

in caie of a De-

ficiency in the

Fond for that

Purpose, to be

made by the

Commissionert

of the Navy.

Recital of

4Gea3« c, 15.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. A. D. 1786.

Fish; or any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins, Fuel, Wood, or Timber, to any Person or Persons being

the Subje£\s of any foreign State, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Newfoundland,

or his Surrogates, or for any Justice of the Peace in Newfoundland, to ilFue his or their Warrant or War-

rants to apprehend every such Offender, and, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

to commit him to Pxifon, there to remain until the next Court of Session which {hall be holden in purfu-

ance of the Commission of the said Governor for the Time being; and all and every such Person or Per-

fons, if found guilty of the said Offence at such Session, shall forfeit and pay Treble the Value of the

Articles so fold, or caused to be sold, or attempted to be sold, as aforesaid, or bartered or taken in Exchange,

or in the felling, bartering, or exchanging of which, or causing so be fold, bartered, or exchanged, such

Person or Perions was or were aiding or assisting, and the fame shall be levied of the Offender’s Goods

and Chattels, by Warrant to be granted by the said Court of Session for that Purpose; arid in case no

(roods upon which such Distress can be made shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said

Court to order such Person or Persons to be punished and dealt with in the same Manner as is hereinbefore

directed with respect to Deserters, or Persons agreeing to desert.

4 XVI. And whereas it is highly injurious to the Trade and Manufactures of his Majesty’s Dominions

c in Europe, that Persons residing or carrying on Fishery in the liland of Newfoundland, or Parts adjacent,

4 or on the Banks of the said Island of Newfoundland, should be supplied with any Goods or Commodities

4 whatsoever by the Subjects of any foreign State ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

no Person or Persons residing or carrying on Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, or Parts adjacent, or

on the Banks of the said Island of Newfoundland, shall there purchase, or take in Exchange, or by way of

Barter, or cause to be purchased or taken in Exchange, or by way of Barter, or be aiding or ailifting in

the purc'nafing, bartering for, or taking in Exchange, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, from any

Person or Perions being a Subject or Subjects of any foreign State ; and that every Person or Persons residing

or carrying on Fishery in the said Island of Newfoundland, or Parts adjacent, or on the Banks of the said

Island of Newfoundland, who shall there purchase, barter for, pr take in Exchange, or shall cause to be

purchased, bartered for, or taken in Exchange, any such Goods or Commodities in Manner aforesaid, shall

be apprehended and committed to Prison, and, on due Conviction before the Court of Session, shall forfeit

Treble the Value of such Goods or Commodities so purchased, or taken in Barter or Exchange, or pro-

cured to be purchased, or taken in Barter or Exchange, or in the Purchase, Barter, or taking of which

in Exchange, such Person shall have been aiding or assisting, and the fame shall be levied of the Offender’s

Goods and Chattels, by Warrant to be granted by the said Court of Session for that Purpose 5 and in case

no Goods upon which such Distress can be made, shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the

said Court to order such Person or Persons to be punished and dealt with in the same Manner as is herein

before directed with respect to Deserters or Persons agreeing to desert.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

hinder or prevent Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from being imported into the (kid

Island of Newfoundland in certain British Vessels, in pursuance of an Act passed in this present Session of

Parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sum for which the said Governor

shall agree with the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or

Vessel, for the Passage of any Person or Persons from the said Island, to the Place or Places to which he or

they belonged, shall in no Cafe exceed the Sum of forty Shillings for each Person, and shall be paid to the

Mailer of such Ship or Vessel out of the Monies which shall arise from Forfeitures incurred for any Of-

fence committed against this Act, or the Acts herein before recited, upon such Matter producing to the

said Court of Session, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of such Governor, of the Numbers and

Names of the Persons refj>e£tively taken on board by his Direction, and of the Times they were taken on

board respectively, and the several Sums agreed to be paid as aforesaid which Sums the Court of Session

are hereby required to cause to be paid to such Matter, if suficient Funds for that Purpose shall remain in

the Hands of the said Court.

XIX. And be it also enailed by the Authority aforesaid. That if no sufficient Fund for the Payment

of any Sum or Sums, fa agreed upon as aforesaid, shall remain in the Hands of the said Court of Session,

then and in such Cafe every such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of

such Ship or Vessel, who shall have taken on board any Number of Persons by Order of the Governor, in

Manner herein before directed, upon producing a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the said Go-

vernor, in Manner herein before directed, and making an Affidavit at his Return, setting forth the Time

during which he subsisted such Person or Persons, and that he did not, during that Time, want any of

his own Complement of Men, or how many he did want of such Complement, and for what Time, shall

receive from the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being (who are hereby required to cause the fame

to be paid) six Pence per Diem for the Passage and Provisions of such Person or Perions from the Day of

their Embarkation homewards to the Day of their Arrival in Great Britain, the said Sum of six Pence

per Diem only being deducted for such Time and so many Persons as he wanted of his Complement during

his Voyage.

4 XX. And whereas it is enacted, in and by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*

4 intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continu-

4 inr, amending, and making perpetual^ an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King

4 George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the better securingand encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s Su~

44 gar Colonies in America 5” for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the

4 said Act, toward* defraying the Expences of defending, protefting, and/touring the said Colonies and Plantar

4 tiens i

