A. D. 1789. Anno vicefitno nono Georgii III. ' C. 35—40.

cap. xxxv.

Aq, Act For raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine. [2,000,00c /.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers-

44 Act 3 Geo. i. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since September 29, 1717, to be good in

44 Law, if inrolled before September 1, 1789. Not to extend to Deeds, &c. the Validity whereof has been

44 brought in question before January f, 1789. Purchafcs made not to be avoided, on Account of the Title

44 Deeds not having been inrolled, &c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation

44 to any Benetice, oV. in trust for any Papist.”

CAP. XXXVII.

- An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities.

44 187,000/. to be raised by Annuities. Every Contributor of 100/. to be entitled to an Annuity of

4< 7/. gs. 9d. for r8 Years 3 Quarters, from April 5, 17S9, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, Half-

44 yearly. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank, may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions

44 in the iVlanner therein specified. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance.

44 'Annuities to be payable Half-yearly; the first Payment to be on Oelober 10, 1789. Annuities payable

44 and transferable at the Bank. Cashier to give Receipts for Money received, which shall be assignable prior

44 to September 29,'1789. Cashier to give Security. Treasury may apply the Money subscribed. A Bock

44 to be provided in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributors Names, t?e. Contributors

44 duly paying their Subscriptions, to be entitled to their Annuities free of all Taxes. Subscriptions paid in

46 Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be assigned.

44 Annuities to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund. The Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant

44 General. Treasury to order Money for Payment of Annuities, to be iliued to Chief Cashier; who is to

44 render Accounts according to the Course of the Exchequer. Accountant General to examine the Chief

44 Cashier’s Vouchers. Annuities to be deemed jx.*rfonal lid bites. Accountant General to keep Books for

44 registering Transfer of Subscriptions. Annuities granted by this Act to be a Joint Stock with the An-

44 nuities granted by two Acts of the 18th and 19th Geo. 3. Annuities may bedevifed. No Stamp Duties

44 to be charged on Transfers. Treasury to defray out of Contributions the incidental Expences attending

44 the Execution of this Act. The Bank to continue a Corporation till Annuities hereby granted Dial! ceaie.

* Guardians may subscribe for Infants. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or

44 transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 201.; nor for any Receipts concerning Subscription Monies. An

44 Account of Sums received by Installments, on Account of Secret Service Money, or for Interest, to be

u laid annually before Parliament. General Iliue. Treble Costs.”

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street in the City of London, and also a publick

Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane ; and for flopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys,

or Passages, and setting out others near to or communicating witty such new Street and Passage.

CAP. XXXIX.

,An Act tp explain, amend, and render more cfteftual, several Acts made in the twenty-third Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

iefly, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lurie, and for building a Quay or

Wharf near the Town of Lanc«Jhr7 in the County Palatine of Lancaster ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. XL.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Tull ices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

tions within toe Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to indemnify

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough 7'owns, whole Ad millions have been

omitted tt> be stamped according to Law, or, having been flatnped, have been lost or mislaid, and for

allowing them Time to provide Admilfions duly stamped ; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors,

or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants ; and for in-

demnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptioqs

of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law j and for giving further

Time for that Purpose.

* A * CAP.

