.$0 C. 36. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. A. 13. 1786.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the

Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt

to the Ijle of Matt-, for limiting the Quantity of British refined Sugar to be exported

to the Isle of Man; and for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of

the Reign of his prel'ent Majesty* intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the

Trade and Manufacture of the lfle of Man *, and for the mere eajy Supply of the

Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheats Bar ley, Oats, Meal, and Flour,

authorised by an Act made in this Sejfxon to be trarfported to the said Island, as relates

to permitting any Person to import into the lfle of Man Fish from any Place what-

o ever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other jDuty

whatsoever.

Preamble. ^ 4 IT 7 H ER E A S by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for reducing the

*5 Gee. 3, <• 63. « y, Allowances for IVcJle on Suit, and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey,

* Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark ; for repealing the Laws allowing the life of foul Salt for Alanure only; far

4 allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts ; for refraining Eifh Curers from being

4 Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man ; for better securing the

4 Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences agairjt the Laws relating to

4 the Duties on Sait; it is enacted. That, from and after the hi ft Day of Aug if I one thousand ieven

4 hundred and eighty-five, each and every c f the several Allowances theretofore granted for Waste on White

4 Salt and Rock Salt carried Coastwise, or shipped or exported to Ireland, or the lfle of Man, should be

* reduced and lellened; and that instead thereof there should be allowed* from thenceforth for Waste on

4 White Salt, and Rock Salt, exported to- the lfle of Man, after the Rate of two Bushels for every forty

4 Bushels of White Salt, and alter the Rate of one Buftiel for every forty BuQiels of Rock Salt, and no

4 more; and in that Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity: And whereas by the said Act it is pro-

4 vided, enacted, and declared, That, instead of the Allowance for Waste of four Bushels for every forty

4 Buftiels of White Salt, and of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt shipped for Exportation

4 to the Isle of Man, in pursuance of an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

20 Geo. 3. c. 34. « jesty, intituled. An Act for granting to his Majjfy additional Duties upon Salt; and for regulating the Ex-

4 portation of Salt to the Isle of Man ; every Exporter of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Islands of Jerj'ey,

4 Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the Isle of Man, should be allowed only one Bushel for every forty

4 Bushels of White Salt, and Half a Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, in Consideration of the

4 ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof: And whereas Doubts may arise touching the Allowances to be

4 made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Reck Salt to the Ijle of Alan :* In order to obviate

the fame, may it pleale your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

. cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

Allowtnce for mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said

Waste on Salt first mentioned Act as enacts, that the Allowance for Waste on White Salt and Rock Salt exported to the

lfle°rf Mt0 ur Man, shall be after the Rate of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and after the

leced. 40 * Rate of one Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, and no more, and in that Proportion for every

greater or Idler Quantity, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Allowances hereafter to

be made for Waste on White Salt and Rock Salt to be exported to the Isle of Man, shall be after the Rate

of one Bushel in forty Bushels of White Salt, and after the Rate of Half a Bushel in forty Bushels of

Rock Salt, and so in Proportion for any greater or lefier Quantity ; and that no other greater Allowances

shall be made.

Recital of 4 II. And whereas by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

7 Geo. 3. c. 45. « An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man ; and for the more

4 easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of IVheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour,

4 authorijedby an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island; it is, amongst other Things,

4 enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, or any three of them, shall and

4 may grant Licence (to continue in force three Months) to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, to export from

4 any Port of England into the Port of Douglas in the Ijle of Man, but to none other, in British Ships

4 navigated according to Law, amongst other Articles, any Quantity of Spirits, not exceeding in the

4 Whole fifty thousand Gallons of British distilled Spirits, and thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, the Produce

4 of the British) Plantations, in one Year: And whereas it is expedient that the Quantity of British refined

4 Sugar exported from Great Britain into the Ijle of Man, should in like Manner be limited be it

From July 5, therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat, from and after the fifth Day of July one thou-

17*6* "oBriti®1 sand seven hundred and eighty-six, no British refined Sugar shall be imported into the said Isle of but

be imported into onty as bonajide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried direiftly

the I0e of Men, from thence, under the Restrictions and Limitations, and from such Port or Place, as is herein after men-

except under tioned, on rain of the Forfeiture of all such Sugar as shall be imported or carried thither contrary to the

certain Refine* true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Value thereof, together with the Vessel in which the iamc shall

lions.

