1^4 C. 75. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786,

enacted, with relation to the Licences to be granted under this Act, by the said Commissioners of the

Stamp Duties.

Licencet to eon- VII. And be it further enacted, That in all and every Licence so granted, the Words (tofell Sweets or

tain, and 0ealert Bx\i\(h-made IVines only) shall be inserted *, and all and rvery Person so licensed as aforesaid to retail Sweets

he or Wines, shall cause the Words (Dealer in British Wines) to be painted or written in legible

w'/dj Herein Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or on some conspicuous Place in the Vront of his, her, or their House

prescribed. or Shop, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds, to be sued for, leviedy recovered, and applied, ia

the same Manner as any Penalty or Penalties in and by the frid nerein before recited Acts, under the

na^ement of the said Commissioners of Stamps, are directed to be recovered and applied.

Licence Dutie« VIII. And be it further enacted. That the Duties arising from such Licences mail be paid and applied Fit

to be applied at the same Manner and in such Proportions and for the fame Purposes as the other Duties arising from Wine

former Wine Li. Licences, under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, are directed to be paid and applied.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who

have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of

East Florida to the King of Spain.

Preamble*

Commissioners

appointed to en-

quire into Lofler,

and to tike tht

Jollowing Oath.

WHEREAS by the fifth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Versailles, on the

third Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, between your Majesty and

4 his most Catholick Majesty the King of Spain, it was agreed that the Province of East Florida, which

4 was, at the Time of concluding such Treaty, in your Majesty’s Allegiance, should be ceded and guaranteed

4 in full Right to his most Catholick Majesty : And'whereas divers of your Majesty’s faithful Subjects

4 have suffered in their Rights and Properties in consequence of such Cession, and have sustained great Losses

4 thereby, your faithful Commons, being desirous that a diligent and impartial Enquiry should be made jnto

4 the Losses of such Persons as may apply in the Manner and within the Time herein after mentioned,

4 and into such Circumstances as may be material to their respective Claims, do therefore pray your Ma-

4 jesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That Colonel Nefbit Balfour, and John Spranger E(quire,

shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for enquiring into the respective Losses of all such

Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the said Province^

and into such Circumstances as pay be material to their respective Claims.

II. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the

Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of hi*

Majesty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer (which

they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer), in the Form following; that is

to fayr

Ort,

44 T A. B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially,

44 and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for appoint-

44 ing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in

ct consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, according to the Tenor and

44 Purport of the said Aft/’

Comalffiooen III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and

to examine Perm they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine, upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby

Jbni »poa Oath, authorised to administer), all Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think fit to examine, touching all

such Matters and livings as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said CommiC-

sioners by this Act, and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punftuaHy to attend the said

Commissioners at such Time or Place as they shall appoint.

CommUBonen IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners are hereby authorised

to meet at the to meet and fit, from Time to Time, at the Office of the late Secretary of State, or any other Place, with

omceofyetn or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Per-

JutTtoifftf* ion or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as they shall judge necef-

Preccpts for At* fary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act*

tendance 0/per- ana the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and

4oa« appointed Officers, as they shall think meet, which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute'

Cfarki» * an«j perform tile Trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such

their Service, other than such Salary or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall think fit to direct and ap-

point in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners

Men*cUimt" that any Person shall have delivered to diem an Account or Claim beyond the real Loss, with a fraudulent

whi h shall ex- Intent to obtain more than, a just Compensation, the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Dif-

dade the Party patch, report such Account or Claith, with the Evidence taken thereupon, to the Commissioners of his

Arem toy Com- Majesty’s Treasury, who are hereby authorised to make such further Enquiry upon the Cafe as they

what* shall

