554

Allowance for

ptompt I’ayment

ol Duties on

Cards and Dice

to be made.

8'amps may be

altered and re-

newed.

No Allowance

to be made for

cancelled Kewf-

paper!.

but an Abste-

ment {hall be

nude at the

Rate of 4I. in

icol. on paying

at one Time rol,

or upwards for

Stamps.

Hawkers letting

oat Papers to

forfeit 5I.

5 Geo. 3.C, 46.

recited.

Proprietors of

Newspapers to

join in the Secu-

rity required by

the recited A&,

for Payment of

the Duties on

Advcmfcmcjitt.

If Adrertlfe-

ments be printed

before such Se-

G. 50. Anno vicesimo nono G e o r g 11 III. A.D. 1789.

V. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Allowance shall be made* on

present Payment of the said several Duties on Cards and Dice, in such Manner as by any former Law re-

lating to Cards and Dice is allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners

are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use to denote the several Duties on Cards and Dice, and

on Newspapers, shall and may be altered and renewed from Time to Time, in such Manner as any other

Stamps, under the Management of the said Commissioners, are, by any former Law relating to stamptd

Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Poflcifion

any Paper marked with any Stamp or Mark, before the fame shall have been so altered or renewed, or on

which the fame being already damped or marked with a Stamp or Mark denoting any former Duty, a new

Stamp is hereby directed to be imprefied, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law

relating to stamped Paper is, in like Cafes, directed.

VII. And whereas the making Allowances on the cancelling of Newspapers remaining unfold in the

Hands of the respective Printers and Publdhers as now used, has been found injurious to the Revenue \ be

it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissionersvor their Officers

appointed by them, to cancel, or cause to be cancelled, any Stamps'upon any Copies or Impressions of such

Newspapers as aforesaid, under Pretence of their remaining unfold in the Hands of the Printers, Publishers, or

Proprietors thereof; nor to make any Allowance on Account of the fame, or of the present Payment of any

of the said Duties; other than such as is herein-after mentioned $ any former Law to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding.

Vril. And whereas it is nevertheless expedient to compensate the Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors

4 of such Newspapers, for the Loss that may happen on damaged Newspapers, or in printing more Copies of

4 Newspapers than may be fold ;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the said Commissioners shall allow and

pay, to every Person who shall bring at any one Time to the Head Office of Stamps to be {lamped, or buy

of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, at the said Head Office, Paper ftarnped with the respective Duties

on Newspapers, the Duties whereof fhatl amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, at and after the Rate

of four Pounds in the hundred Pounds, upon present Payment of the said Duties upon the said Paper, so by

them brought or bought of the said Commissioners; which Allowance, at and after the Rate aforesaid, shall

be in lieu and in (lead of all former Allowances directed to be made by any former Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

IX. And whereas an Usage prevails amongst the Hawkers of Newspapers and other Persons, instead of

4* felling the Newspapers, to let out the fame for small Sums to be read by different Persons, whereby the Sale

4 of Newspapers is greatly obstruded;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, if any Hawker of

any Newspaper, or other Person, shall let out any Newspaper for Hire to any Person or Persons, or to

different Persons* or from House to House, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five

Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any other Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered and applied by any

Law now in force relating to the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

X. And whereas by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 An At7 for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admijfons into Corporations or Companies, and for furtherfearring

and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, reciting two several Acts of Parliament relating to the

4 Stamp Duties, the one thereof made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, and the other thereof made in the second Year of his present Majesty, and that the Primers

and Publifliers only, and not the Proprietors of Newspapers, and other Papers and Pamphlets, were

4 subject and liable to the Duties on Advertifoments, whereby great Lodes happened to the Revenue;

4 it was thereby enacted, that from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

4 five, neither the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, nor any Person employed by them, should fell or

4 deliver any stamped Paper for printing any Pamphlet, or any publick News, Intelligence, or Occur-

4 rences to be contained in any one Sheet or any Idler Piece of Paper, unless the Person applying for the

4 fame should first give Security to his Majesty for the Payment of the Duties for the Advertisements which

4 should be printed therein or thereupon: And whereas the Provision contained in the said Act is not

4 sufficient for the Security of the said Duty on Advertisementsbe it therefore enacted. That, from and

after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, no Printer or Publisher of

any Newspaper now printed or published, or which may hereafter be printed or published, in which any

Aavertisements, liable to the several Duties by this or any former Act or Acts imposed, shall be inserted,

shall receive from the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them, any stam|*d

Paper for printing any such Intelligence or Occurrence thereon, until the Proprietor or Proprietors m-

terefted in the said Paper, or such and so many of the said Proprietors as are in the Judgment of the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, of sufficient Ability to answer the said Duties payable

on Advertisements, shall join in the Security directed to be given by the said herein-before recited Act of

the fifth Year of his present Majesty? for the punctual Payment of the said Duties, payable on such Ad-

vertisements at the respective Times in that Act appointed 5 and in case any Printer or Publisher shall print

or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Advertisement in any such Newspaper, before he shall

have delivered in the Name or Names of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and such Proprietor or Propri-

6 etors,

