THE

STATUTES at Large,

if*

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo octavo.

1 /I T the Parliament begun and holden at IVcflminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini

4 A one defend seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our

X A. Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and

4 Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-seventh Day of November one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-seven \ being die fifth Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britainf

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-eight. [ 4 s% ]

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IV*

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and

imported into England.

4 TT WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Preamble.

intituled, An A51for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties Qeo^

in lieu thereof\ and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publish Re- '

4 venue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods* Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manu-

4 fatture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for appy ing certain un-

4 claimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the

1 National Debt; certain Duties were imposed on British Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought

4 from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom: And whereas, at the Time of making the said

4 Act, the said Duties, together with certain Duties by a certain Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the

4 Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Lime, the several Duties payable *6 Geo, j. c. 64,

in Scotland upon Low frines and Spirits, and upon Worts, IVash, and other Liquors there u)ed in the Dif-

4 filiation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; imposed upon the Capacity

4 or Content of certain Stills mentioned in that Act, were deemed equivalent to the Duties by the said Act

4 made iivthe twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said AT jesty, imposed on Wort, Wash, and other

4 Liquor, in the last recited Act mentioned, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England,

.4 for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption: And whereas it is found by Experience that the said

4 Duties are not equivalent, and that it is expedient to impose an additional Duty on British Spirits manu-

4 factored in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, on or before

28 Geo. III. 3 G 4 the

