k, D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 49.

65

a separate and distm& Account thereof, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of paying and accounting

for the fame being dedu&ed) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the first Day of August in every Year,

tioleis the fame shall be a Sunday or Holiday, and then on the first Day following not being a Holiday j and

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which

all the Monies arising from the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures paid into

the said Receipt, shall be entered in such Manner as shall or may be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament of this present Session; and the said Monies, fotobe paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as afore- and applied at

said, shall be issued and applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Manner and to other renames#

such Purposes as other Penalties or Forfeitures due or payable to his Majesty have heretofore been used to

be, or directed to be paid or applied, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this A£fc, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and General issue*

if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass (or the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be-

come nonsuited, then such.Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against Treble Cofli4

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE FIRST, to which this A& refers:

Containing the Names by which many Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, and Cofmeticks, and other Wares

and Articles of Merchandize now in use, subject to the Duties by this Act imposed, are known or

guished; that is to say,

Almonds,

Amber,

Balsam

Bears -

Bergamotte,

Bouquet, -

Camphire

Cedar,

Citron,

Civet,

Cyprefc, -

Cithere

Cream,

Dentifrice, -

Dew,

filberts,

26 Geo.

in.

Powder of Hair Powder, so called

Paste Honey - Water

Soap Honeyfuckles, Essence of

Wash Balls Pomatums

Essence of Hyacinth, - Essence of

Soap Jessamine, - Essence of

Wash Balls Milk of

for the Hair Oil of

G reale Powder of

so called Pomatums

Essence of Syrup of

Pomatums Water

Wash Balls Jonquil, - Essence of

Water Water of

(b called Pomatums

Essence of Lavender, - Distilled Water

Powder Ditto from the Flowers

Water Essence of

Pomatums Volatile Ditto

Wash Balls Powder of

Essence of Pomatums

Essence of Wash Balls

so called Lemon, - Essence of

Essence of Lilies, - Carnation of

Powder Milk of

so called Powder of

Essence of Wash Balls

Water Lime, - - Essence of

Sweet Cypress Powder Marechalle, - so called

Cyprian Odoriferous Powder Powder of

W ater Duchesse

Cold, for the Face F rench

Beautifying, for ditto Pomatums

White Cream Wash Balls Water

Marble Ditto Mignionette, Essence of

so called Millefieurs, - Essence of

Spence’s Ditto Powder of

Rufpini’s Ditto Pomatums

Pearl Ditto Water

Myrrh Ditto Musk, - Essence of

Vegetable Ditto Powder of

Olympian Myrrh, - Essence of

Naples Myrtle, - Essence of

Oil of Oeillett, - so called

Essence of Essence of

[. - K

C

Oeillet,

