A. D. 178$. Anno vicesimo odavo Georgii III, C. 38.

4 Sand, Tails, deceitful Xocks, Cots, Cals, Comber, Lamb’s Wool, or any other Thing, whereby the

1 Fleece might be made more weighty, to the Deceit and Loss of the Buyer, upon Pain the Seller of any

1 fuel) deceitful Wools to forfeit for every such Fleece six Pence, the one Moiety to the King, the other to

4 the Finder and Prover of the fame Deceit, by Action of Debt, by original Writ, Bill, Plaint, Informa-

4 tion, or otherwise, in any of the King’s Courts, in which Action, no Wager of Law, Flloin, or Pro-

4 teCfton, should be allowed for the Defendant; and it was provided in and by the Lid Act, that the fame

* Act concerning rivering and washing of any Wool should not in any wile extend to any Shire or Shires,

4 the Inhabitants whereof had not customably used before that Time to river or walh their Sheep afore they

4 were (horn, nor should in any wile be hurtful or prejudicial to any Person or Persons that had used custom-

4 ably to fell their Wools by Tale or Number of the Fleece or Fleeces, and not by We ight, any Thing in

4 the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding ; which said Statute was made perpetual in and by another

4 Act of Parliament, passed in the thirteenth Year of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, (intituled. An Af for

4 reviving and Continuance of certain Statutes:) And whereas the said Laws have not now the good Fffeds

4 thereby proposed and intended, by reason of the said Penalty being so ftnall, and one Moiety thereof being

4 directed to be paid to the King, and the great Expence attending the Recovery of the fame be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority a fore said. That, from and after the pa fifing of this Act, every Person and

Persons offending against the said last-mentioned Acts shall, in lieu of every Sixpence which, by the said

Acts, or either of them, might be recovered, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings the Whole whereof

shall be paid to the Finder or Prover of the above-mentioned Deceits ; and the Offences against the said Acts,

or either of them, from henceforth shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by and before

any one Justice of the Peace residing at or near the Place whe(e such Offence or Offences shall be com-

mitted, in a summary Way ; and such said Justice of the Peace shall Be and he is hereby impowered tocause

the relpcdive Person or Persons against whom any such Information shall be laid, to be summoned at a cer-

tain Fime and Place to be fixed by such Justice, and he is hereby fully authorised, empowered, and required,

upon the Appearance or Default of such Person or Persons, to examine into, and give Judgment in the

Premises ; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wile

notwithstanding.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such

Justice, that the Matter complained of was not done, committed, or differed, with Intent to deceive the

Buyer of any such aforesaid Wool, or that any Clay, Sand, or Earth, which shall be found in such Fleece,

was not intentionally put there to make the Fleece more weighty, but became mixed or conne&cd with the

fame by reason of the necessary pasturing, folding, or keeping of the Sheep, whereupon such Fleece shall

have been grown subsequent to the rivering or warning of such Sheep, that every such Justice shall and may

and he is hereby empowered to discharge every such Complaint, and to acquit the Person and Persons

thereby accused, of and from the Payment of any Penalty or Forfeiture, on Account of the Matter or

Offence therein set forth and alledged ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

withstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted or imposed, for

or in respect of the falle winding of Wool, or the felling or disposing thereof, shall not be paid within fix

Days next after such Conviction, the fame Penalty or Penalties shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of

the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall have been convitfted.

LXXXII. 4 And whereas it may frequently happen that the Seller of such deceitful Wools or Wool

‘falfely wound or folded, may not be the Person who actually wound or folded the fame, or that the

4 fame were deceitfully or falsely wound or folded without the Privity, Knowledge, or Consent of such

4 Seller be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, in ever/ such Cafe, to and for the

Seller of Wool, touching which any Complaint or Information shall have been made, and which shall be

then pending, immediately after he shall have received such Summons as aforesaid, to apply to the Justice or

the Peace who shall have granted such Summons, and require him, upon Information having been given

for that Purpose, to summon the Person who actually wound or folded the Wool then complained of as

being falsely or deceitfully wound or folded, to appear at the Time and Place mentioned in such original

Summons, or at such other Time and Place as such Justice shall think proper (of which Time and Place

sufficient Notice shall be given by the Seller of such Wool to the Person or Persons complaining), when the

said justice shall, and he is hereby empowered, whether the Person charged as being the aCtual Winder of

the Wool then complained of shall appear or not (Proof being made that he had been duly summoned), to

hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear, to the Satisfaction of the said

Justice, that the Wool then complained of had been aCtually wound or folded falsely and deceitfully by the

Person then charged by the Seller thereof with having wound and folded the fame, and that without the

Privity, Knowledge, or Consent of such Seller, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Person who had

aCtually wound or folded such Wool (and not the Seller thereof) shall be subject and liable to the Penalties

herein before imposed upon the Seller and Sellers of Wool deceitfully or falsely wound or folded, and such

Remedies for the Recovery of the fame, as are herein-before mentioned; but if it shall, upon such Hearing,

appear otherwise to such Justice, or if it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the Hearing of the

Appeal, and which is herein-after given, then, and in every such Cafe, the Seller of the Wool so com*

plained of shall remain and be subject to such Penalties, and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as afore-

said, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding ; and in case of Non-

payment of such Penalties by, or that the fame cannot be recovered of and from, the Person who shall have

been conviCfed of having aCtually falsely and deceitfully wound or folded such Wool, every such Person

28 Geo. III. . 3Q / shall

471

13 Elia. c. »5#

recited.

and the Penal-

ty thereby im-

pofd on deceit-

ful Winning of

Wo 1 increifed

to z 8. per

Fleece, the

Wnole to be to

the Prover

thereof.

Offences agatrft

the recited Ada

may be deter-

mined by a Juf.

lice in a lum-

inary Way.

Complaints for

deceitful Wi'.d*

ing of Wool to

be discharged, if

there appears no

Intention to de-

fraud.

The afornfrd

Penalty, if not

paid in fix Oays,

to be levied by

Diitreli.

Persons com-

plained nf for

fclTng Wool de-

ceitfully wound,

may, if it waa

done wii hout

their Privity,

require the Ap-

pearance of the

Party that so

wound ir, before

a Justice, who

is o determine

the Matter, &c.

