c. ic6. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgu III. A.D. 1786.

the Time of such Sale or Transfer, pay the Money called for upon every Share so fold or transftrred, into

the Bank of England, Bank of Scotland\ or Royal Bank of Scotland)y such Forfeiture having been first no-

tified and declared at a General Meeting in Manner above directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer of the said Shares shall be in the Form, or to the

Purport and Effect following:

Form of the

Tuntfer.

44 I A\ B. in consideration of paid to me by C. D. do hereby bargain, fell, and

44 A transfer to the said C. Z>. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Share

44 [or Shares, as the Cafe way he) in the Joint Stock of the Society for extending the Fisheries, and im-

44 proving the Sea Coaits of this Kingdom, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the fame Condi-

44 tions^thatl held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof: And 1 the said C. D. do hereby

44 agree to accept of the said Share [or Shares], subject to the feme Rules, Orders, and Con-

44 ditions: Witness our Hands, the Day of in the Year of our

44 Lord

Governor, De-

puty Governor,

and Directon.

How to be cho-

fe o»

To continue to

March 15,1787.

Their Power*.

Governor, &c.

to bt sworn.

4 XIII. And, for the better, ordering, managing, and governing the Affairs of the said Society, and for

4 establishing a continual Succession of Persons to be Directors of the fame ;* be it enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That there shall be (of the Members of the said Society holding one full Share in the Joint '

Stock of the fame respectively} a Governor, Deputy Governor, and fifteen Directors, of whom the said

Governor and Deputy Governor shall always be two, of and in the said Society, which Directors, or any

seven or more of them, shall be, and be called, A Court of Directors for the orderings managing, and di-

re fling the Affairs of the said Society.

XIV. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Members of the said Society shall, on

or before the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, proceed to the Election of a

Governor, Deputy Governor, and thirteen Members of the said Society, as aforesaid, to be their Directors

as aforesaid, in Manner following; that is to say. That each and every Member of the said Society shall,

on or before the said tenth Day of August, deliver in, or transmit to the Secretary of the said Society a List

in Writing, subscribed with his or her Name, and subjoining the Number of Shares which he or she holds

in the Joint Stock of the said Society, containing the Names of such Members as he or she votes for to

be Governor and Deputy Governor, refcedtively; and also of thirteen other Members qualified as afore-

said, whom he or (be shall vote for to be Directors of the said Society ; and that all and every such Lift which

shall contain a greater or less Number than fifteen Names as aforesaid, shall be rejected and of no Effaft;

and that the thirteen Members whose Names shall be infer ted in the greater Number of such Lifts as aforesaid,

shall be the Directors of the said Society; and that such Persons whose Names shall be contained in the

greater Number of such Lifts for filling trie Offices of Governor and Deputy Governor, shall be Governor

and Deputy Governor of the said Society: Provided, That if it shall so happen that any two or more Per-

fons named in such Lifts as aforesaid shall have an equal Number of Votes, the Names of such two or more

Persons shall be placed in a Box, and drawn out by the Secretary of the said Society; and the Person whose

Name shall be drawn out shall be a Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director of the said Society, as the

Cafe may happen; and the Secretary shall in like Manner draw out successively a sufficient Number of

Names to complete the Number of thirteen Directors, who shall be Directors accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, and

Directors, so first chosen as aforesaid, shall serve and continue in their respective Offices until the twenty-

fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and that a new Election of a Governor,

Deputy Governor, and thirteen Directors, shall be then made in Manner aforesaid; and on the twenty-fifth

Day of March in each and every succeeding Year, a like Election shall be made, unless the fame shall hap-

pen on a Sunday, and then on the Monday following ; and that such Governor, Deputy Governor, and Di-

rectors, shall serve and continue in their respective Offices for one whole Year next ensuing their respective

Elections.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and DU

redtors, or the major Part of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, assemble and meet together at any

convenient Place or Places within the Cities of London or Westminster, and then and there hold Courts of

Directors, and shall at such Courts have Power and Authority to order and direct all the Affairs and Business

of the said Society, subject to the Bye-laws and Directions of all General Meetings of the said Society, and

shall have Power to name Committees of themselves, and to appoint all subordinate Officers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Governor, Deputy Governor,

and Director of the said Society, so to be elected as aforesaid, before they be admitted to the Execution

of their respective Offices or Places of Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director, shall, take the fol-

lowing Oath before any two or more of the said Proprietors, who are hereby impowered to administer

the feme.

TtoOatiu 44 T A. B. do swear, That I will discharge the Trust and Duties of Governor (Deputy Governor, or DU

44 A rector, as the Cafe may be)9 of the British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea

u Coasts of this Kingdom, truly and faithfully, to the best of my Judgment and Understanding.

4< So help roc GOD.”

A«4itonchofco. XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Proprietors holding one full

Share respectively, there shall be chosen and appointed in like Manner, and at the like Times, five persons

(not

