A. D» 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III, C. 13. (£.) 337

Paper, First Table, continued.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Medium, of the Value

of One Pound Two Shillings and Sixpence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the

. Dimenftons of Seventeen inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches and an Half, Six Shillings

and Fourpence. - — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Value of Six-

teen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of f ifteen Inches and

an Half by Twenty Inches, Four Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings. —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Thick Poll, of the Value

of Thirteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen

Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an Half, Three Shillings and Fivepence Halt-

penny. — — — — —3 — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Thin Port, of the

Value of Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fif-

teen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an Half, Two Shillings and Eight-pence

Farthing. - — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Post, of the

Value of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions

of Thirteen Iuches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and an Half, Two Shillings and One

Farthing. — / ——

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Fools Cap. of the

Value of Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thir-

teen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters, Two Shillings and Three-pence

Halfpenny. — — — -7 ——

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Pott, of the Value of

Six Shillings and Nine-pence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of

Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Half, One Shilling and Sixpence Half-

¥or every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Thick Post, of the

Value of Fifteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen

Inches and an Half by Twenty-one Inches, Three Shillings and Ten-pence. — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Thin Post, of the

Value of Twelve Shillings per Ream and upwards-, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen

Inches and an Half by Twenty-one Inches, Three Shillings and Three Farthings.

SECOND TABLE.

JFor every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Atlas, of the

Value of Fifteen Pounds and not exceeding the Value of Twenty-one Pounds per Ream, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Fifty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches and an Half, Two Pounds

Six Shillings. — , —' — . “ ”, — — “

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Value of

Twelve Shillings ana under the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the

Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches, Two Shillings and Eight-pence

For every^Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Copy, of the Value of Seven

Shillings and Sixpence and not exceeding the Value of Eleven Shillings per Ream, and not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, One Shilling and

Sixpence Halfpenny. — — — — ^ — —

Forevery Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Fools Cap. of the Value of

Six Shillings and under the Value of Ten Shillings per Reaqp, and not exceeding the Dimensions

of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters, One Shilling and Three

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Littris Fools Cap. of the

Vajue of Six Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceed-

ing the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Seventeen Inches and an Half, One Shilling

and 7'hree- pence. —— — — — — » — —

Forgery Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Pott, of the Value of Four

Shillings and under the Value of Six Shillings and Nine-pence per Ream, and not exceeding the

Dimensions of Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Half. Eleven-pence Half-

penny. - >- —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Grand Eagle or Double

Elephant, of the Value of Four Pounds and not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds and Five

Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and Three Quarters

by Forty Inches, Seventeen Shillings and Threepence. — *- —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Columbier, of the Value

clor  un<k an<* Fen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Three Pounds and Ten

Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by

Thirty-Four Inches and an Half, Twelve Shillings and One Penny, —* —

(I 1

4

3l

Si

81

6{

10

si

6*

11

