74

C. 51,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

ConvrPftioner*

for S arch Du-

tiei ro distriHote

proper Stamps,

t- o: .fiiiel

with- u- d it g

Dmtv^c to the

Surch.

After Notice g»-

iten, ie c e jle

to Act a^Oco 3.

C. 74 fv«r> Pa

pt-r « I Starch for

Eton tati ;n to

h- vf a p oper

Laid put there-

on by theOtficer,

Persons forging

•ny Stamp to

forfeit 1001*

No Starch to be

exported without

ft peileft Label*

Act not to ex-

tend to Fxport-

»tion of Sta'ch

made into Hair

Powder.

Starch damped

f,»r Exportation

forte’ted, if

found any where

but where pack-

ed up>or remov-

ing fr *m thence

to be fhipj ed.

Regulations

with r.gard to

the Scrapin^i of

Starch, left after

paperii g.

4 Geo. ft. c. 14.

19 Geo. 3.C. 40,

That nothing herein contained shall extend to Pieces of Starch put into the Stove forcrufting only before

the fame shall be scraped.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Duties on Starch

in England and Scotland respectively, shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-six, provide proper Stamps or Seals for (lamping or sealing the Papers, containing,

ali Pieces of Starch which* shall be made and papered in England and Scotland respectivciy, and by this Act

directed to be stamped or feaied, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distributed to the respective Offi-

cers for the Purpose before mentioned ; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required in uling the (acne,

to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Starch or Paper containing the fame to

be so stamped or feaied, which Stamps or Seals shall and may, from Time to Time, be varied or altered as-

often as the said refuedtive Commissioners shall think he to aiter the fame.

4 V. And, for the better preventing or discovering any Frauds that may be attempted by shipping Starch

4 for Exportation, in order to obtain a Drawback of the Duties thereupon, and afterwards relanding the

4 fame to be confi ned in Great Britai be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any

Starch-maker, or Dealer in Starch, who shall have paid all his Majesty’s Duties upon any Quantity of

Sr.irch, or (bell have bought, or shall be lawfully imitled to any Quantity of Starcii from the Person or Persons

wi 10 actually paii the said Duties thereupon, inall intend to export any such Starch, and shall have given

such Notice of packing up the fame, in order to be exported, to the Officer appointed for that Purpose, as

is required by an Act passed in die 10 ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty imposed

on cl ea by an Ac1 passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu tl?ereof; for

repealing so much ofJeneral AJls as relates to t))c Removal of Tea\ for directing the Officers of Excise to exa-

mine and certify the Exportation of exdfrdle Commodities \ and for better securing the Duties on Candles \ it

shall be lawful for such Officer who (hah attend to fee the said Starch packed up, and he is hereby required

to (lamp or mark every Paper of Starch so intended to be packed up, in order to be exported, on the Label or

Piece of thin Paper herein before directed to be atlixed thereon, with such Stamp or Mark, having the Word

Exportation denoted thereon, as the Commissioners -for the said Duties on Starch in England and Scotland

respectively shall provide and direct to be used for that Purpose; and the said respective Commissioners shall*

on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, provide proper

Stamps or Marks, having the Word Exportation denoted thereon, and shall cause the fa:ne to be distributed to

the proper Officers respectively for the Purposes last aforesaid, which Stamps or Marks shall and may,

from l ime to Time, be varied or altered, as often as the said respective Commissioners shall think fit to

alter the fame.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time, forge or counterfeit any such Stamp or Mark, which shall be provided for (lamping or marking

Starch intended to be exported, every Person so oilending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officer or Officers, who shall

attend to fee such Starch packed up in order to be exported, shall not permit to be packed up, in order to

be exported, any Piece or Pieces of Starch, not having thereon the Label, or Piece of thin Paper, stamped

as is herein before directed, entire and unbroken ; and all such Starch so intended to be exported shall be sub-

je£l to all the Regulations required by the said A&, made in the last Session of Parliament, concerning

Starch intended to be exported: Provided, That nothing in this A61 contained thall extend to Starch

ground into Powder, commonly caiied, Hqjtr Powder, which shall at any Time be intended to be

exported.

ViII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if any Piece or Pieces of Starch, stamped with

the said Stamp or Mark as aforesaid, provided for (lamping or marking Starch intended to- be exported, shall

be found upon Land, except in the Warehouse or Place where the fame shall be packed up before the fame

shall be shipped, or in removing from thence to be put on board the Ship in which the fame is intended to be

exported, all and every such Piece or Pieces of Starch shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Ofl&cer

of the Customs or Excise, or for the Duties on Starch.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within'one Hour after the Pieces of

Starch shall have been papered and stamped by the Officer, all the Scrapings belonging to such Pieces of

Starch shall be weighed and taken Account of by the Officer, and shall be put into Water in Frames, Tixbs,

or other Utensils, and shall hot be mixed with any other Starch or Preparation for making Starch then in

Operation j and the said Scrapings shall be immediately dissolved, and drained through a Sieve, and being;

so drained, the Officer for the Duties on Starch shall take an Account thereof as a Green Water, and the

fame shall not be again dillurbed or meddled with, until such Notice shall be given for boxing the fame, as-

is required by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled^ Art

/led to prevent Frauds in the Rt venue of Excise, with respect to Starchy Coffccy Teay and Chocolate; and a. nor-

ther Act mac in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for better feczxr—

ing the Duties on Starch; and the said Scrapings of Starch, so put into Water and dissolved, shall becii^rge-

able, and shall be charged by the proper Officer with all the fame Duties upon Starch as any other Starchy

and in like Manner as any other Starch, or Materials for making Starch, are or ougnt to be charged

with.

4 X. And whereas it being required by this Abt that Scrapings of Starch should be dissolved in VV^ater*

4 and converted into Green Waters, it is reasonable that an Allowance should be made for the said Scrap—

* ings, out of the Amount of the Boxgage or.Boxgages of which the said Scrapings have been a Part ;* k>c it

therefore

