A.D. 1789.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III,

C. 55. 561

CAP. LV.

An A<3: to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relative to the better Encourage-

ment of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain \ to the Encouragement of the Silk

Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and re-

ducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo*, to the pro-

hibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and

printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and

charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of

foreign-wrouglu Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the

Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, andGreale*, to the prohibiting the Exportation of

. Teols and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom,

and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufac-

tures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits

by Clarke's Hydrometer,

4 WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience; been found useful and bene- Preamble*

ficial, and are near expiring f may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act to continue an Afd made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Alaj efty ffB'een Anne, 3- Oo. 2 r. 17.

intituled, 44 An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Goth in Great Britain,” which was to for ths Enc« n-

continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand (even hundred and sixty-seven, and ra^e7lr,t oMh?

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three Acts, made in the

eighth, fourteenth, and tuenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued Britain, comi-

frorn the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nued to Scpr.

eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is 1795>

hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand (even hundred and ninety-

live, and f/orn thence to the End of the then next Selrion of Parliament.

' II. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty i* An«, S^r.

4 Queen Anne, intituled, An At7 for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail doth in Great Britain, a » c. 10. rcaud*

4 Reward or Recompence of one Penny is given for every Ell of British-made Sail Cloth or Canvas, fit

4 for or made into Sails which {hall be exported out of Great Britain by. way of Merchandize: And

4 whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made to prevent the said Reward or Recompence from

4 being received upon Sails made of Britifto-wzdc Sail Cloth, which may be entered for Exportation by

4 way of Merchandize, but not truly exported, but made use of on Ship-board, or which may be relanded

in Great Britain after having been so (Lipped for Exportation ft Be it therefore further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred From Srrt 29,

and eighty-nine, the Reward or Recompence given by the said recited Act ill nil not be paid to any Person 17 - 9 > ,be Rc-

or Persons whatever, for or upon Account or any Sails made up in Great Britain of British-made Sail r'v;,n

Cloth, unless such Sails shall before shipping thereof be stamped or marked upon every Cloth of such Sails, not tT/r pjie ror

in feme Place or Warehouse belonging to the Exporter thereof, by the Searcher or other Officer of the $j,n c*pPrre\

Customs appointed by the Commulioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England for the T i ne being, or u.-.icf* inev tie

any’four or more of them, or the Commilltoners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland for the T ime bung, , A:nPed befrj{*.,

or any three or more of them, in such Manner as the said Commifti oners respect;vcly shall think proper to

direct; and all and every Sail and Sails which shall be made in Great Britain of British*made Sail Ciotb, ar^notVelu^ir

and which shall be shipped-as aforesaid, in order to obtain the said Reward or Recompence, but shall not expor.ei, & . to

bc bona fide exported according to the true Intent and Meaning of the {aid-recited Act, or which, after bs torieiucU

having been exported, mail be brought back, and which shall be found in or on board any Ship or Vellel

belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any of his Mnjesty’s Subjects within four Leagues of the Coast of

Great Britain, or which shall be relanded in Great Britain, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized

by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted and recovered in such and the like Manner, and

by suchs and the like Methods, Ways, and Means, as any Goods are now prosecuted and recovered by any

Law respecting the Revenue of Customs, and the Produce applied, after deduding the Charges of Con-

demnation and Sale, equally between the King and tire Oificer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth So much of 8

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the E'iift, for the Encouragement of me S;lk Manu- * c M*ai

failures of this Kingdom, and for taking uff several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing

the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported, and for Importation of all 0t t^Vfik^u-

Eurs of the Product of the Briiljh Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the two Corporations of n^cUre* < t

Act'urance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, dhall be liable only to imgle Damages and Costs of Suit, this Kin-am,

as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and \o the taking off several and u'Utt

