AD. 1788. Anno vicesimo o6)tavo Georgii III. C. 22, 23. 415

CAP. XXII.

An Act to tnJemnlfy such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have onitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-

demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Soli-

citors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and

for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to trunfmit De-

feriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for

giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. XXIII. -

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed

Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the

Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the further Punishment

of Persons going armed or difguised, in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise;

to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great

Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Whear, and other

Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Export-

ation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plant-

ations in the West Indies \ to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils

made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the

seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into

Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and

the Danger of Infection thereby; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to

the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on 7

board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits

by Clarke's Hydrometer.

4  WHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found Lifeful and bene- Ptcamble.

4 y V ficial, and are near expiring :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled: and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Lme, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George So much of

-the First, intituled, An Act a gain ft clandestine running cf uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual pre- 5 G<-°. 1. c.f r.

venting Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall

be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, uncustomed8

or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Good?, a? ha*

Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods confined,

shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of (roods on r subsequent

board of Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, **g8 ct£r*be

or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating further conti-

to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the least; and also relating to Cer- nued toS-pr.

tificate Goods, entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term 29> *79S»&c*

of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from ther.ce to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the ninth

Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the second, eighth, thirteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-

seventh, and thirty-thud Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

seventh, fourteenth, and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued

from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

eighty- eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are

hereby further continued until the twenty-niruh Day of September one thousand (even hundred and ninety-

five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. c

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act>, made in the fifth Year of the LmTru^to

R-ign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Ala- June *4,179

Plantations in America, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fifth Day of Alarch one &c. exc-pt !«rh

thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of Alarch one thousand (even hundred Pjlrt ihrre<£»*

and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several j^*,^,*

fiibfecpjei.t Acts, made in the eleventh, nineteenth,* twenty* fifth, and thirty-second Years of his laid late andExporcaitnii

28 GEO. III. . 3 I Majesty’s of foreign CorT c

