I

I

Is

II

I

J

» J

: ! J

* j ;

i

\

t

i

364. C. 31. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

all ftxch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively on board of such Ship or Vessel, be-

longing to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, specifying in

such Entry the Number of Casks or other Packages^ with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of

them, containing any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities; and shall then, and before the

landing of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize! or Commodities, fetisfy and pay the Duties of Excise

by the said Act imposed for or in respect of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities re/pec-

tively; and shall also, within such thirty Days, land all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commo-

dities r'espectively; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees,

shall neglect or itfufe to make due Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Goods, Wares, Merchan-

dize, and Commodities respectively, the fame, together with the Cades and Packages containing the fame,

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods* Wares, Merchandize, and

Commodities respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by the said Act, made in this Sef-

fion of Parliament, imposed upon the Importation thereof into Great Britain, which shall be unOiipped.

landed, or delivered from or out of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, before the Duties by the said Act imposed

thereon respectively shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, shall be forfeited and lost, together with the

Packages containing the fame; and such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively,

and the Packages containing the fame, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise$

-and the Persons and if any Person or Persons mail unftiip, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or

aiding theicio, delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unshipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any Ship, Vefe

or receiving OT Boat, any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, before the said Duties of Excise by

tnSIe their Va- ^e Act imjxifed for or in respect thereof shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, or shall hide or

lue. * conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Com-

modities, so unthipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or shall receive into his, her, or their Hands,

Custody, or Post'ession, any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, so unftripped# landed, or

delivered as aforesaid, he, (he, or they knowing the fame to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered as

aforesaid, such Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such Offence, for-

feit and lose treble the Value of such Goods, .Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, to be

estimated according to the best and highest Rate and Price which Goods, Wares^Merchandize, and Com-

modities respectively of the best Quality of that Kind shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture

shall be incurred.

Cemmiffioatrt X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Excise rdpec-

of to P*- tively, or the major Part of them respectively, shall provide proper Frames to denote the Measure of French

denote tbs M«t. Gained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Mullins, Linfens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimi-

fore of French * ties, and other figured Stuffs, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European

CalHonet, *c« Dominions of the French King, and for which the Duties of Excise, by the said Act made in this Session of

Parliament imposed for or in respect thereof, shall have been paid ; and shall also provide proper Seals or

Stamps for marking such Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and

other figured Stuffs; and shall cause the said Frames, and Seals or Stamps respectively, to be distributed

to the respective Officers of Excise, for the several rurposes herein-after mentioned ; and the said Frames,

and Seals or Stamps respectively, or any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed from Time to Time,

as the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall think fit.

Cdlfcoct,fcc.to XI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said respective Officers shall, with

one of such Frames, from Time to Time^ frame-mark at each End thereof, each and every Piece of all

such Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs,

Stamp to denote which shall, from Time to Time, be imported as aforesaid, and for which the Duties of Excise, by the said

the Payment of Act imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, to denote the Measure thereof; and shall also in like

the Duty. Manner, with one of such Stamps or Seals, stamp or seal each and every Piece of all such Callicoes, Muf-

lins, Linens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs, to denote the Pay-

ment of the Duty of Excise by the said Act imposed for or in respect thereof.

Perfem frenda* XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whosoever

^?tiBg<fttcher" shall counterfeit any Frame which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge, or

Frame*,&C‘ to resemble the impression of the feme upon any printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muffin, Linen,

forfeit 1001. Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff; or shall knowingly have in his, her, or

their Custody or Possession, any printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muffin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian,

Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or otner figured Stuff, having thereon the impression of a counterfeit Frame,

made to resemble the impression of any Frame which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act,

with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefl'ors, or any of the Duties by the said A<Sb made in

this Session of Parliament imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Mullins,

Linens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, every Person so offending

shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

yetfoo* fraudu- XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall coonter-

iently counter- fe|t or forae any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Seal which (half be provided or made in pursuance

jaSS: or counterfeG or resemble the impression of the fenae, upon any printed, stained, painted,

or dyed Callico, Muffin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or Other figured Stuffy with

Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefl'ors, of any of the Duties by the said Act made in this

Session of Parliament imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Muffins,

Linens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, every such Person so

offending.

If Good* »re

landed before

the Duties are

paid, they are

forfeited j

