'4°4

authorise the

Importation of

Scan'linp, Sc:,

from the United

States, if im-

ported by Bii 1 fh

Subject in

British Ships,

His M ijesty in

Council may au«

thorife the Go-

vernor of New-

foundland to

permit the Im-

portation of

Bread, Arc. from

the United

States, Sec.

No Goods to be

imported from

tbeUnucdSiates

t>y Sea into the

Province of

Quebec, See,

This Act not

to repeal

*7 Geo. J. c, 27.

fijrwhotnGoodf,

See, forfeited

may be feited.

flow Forfeituiet

may be reco-

vered and ap-

fiied.

Aik to com-

mence from

^prU.4, 1788*

Preamble*

l5Geo.a.c.ao.

C. 6, 7. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III, A.D. 1788.

Poultry; or Live Stock of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats,

Barley, or Grain of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any of the Territories belonging to the Lid

United States, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Provinces, Islands, or Countries respectively:

And provided always. That such Goods and Commodities so authorised to be imported shall not be im-

ported, except by BritiJJj Subjects, and in Britt so- built Ships, owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navi-

gated according to Law, under the Penalty of the F orfeiture above mentioned : Provided also, T hat it shall

and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders, to be issued and pubiilhed from Time

to Time, to authorise, or by Warrant or Warrants under his Sign Manual, to impower the Governoi of

Newfoundland for the Time being to authorise, in case of Necessity, the Importation into Newfoundland

of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the Lid United

States, for the Supply of the Inhabitants and Fishermen of the Island of Newfoundland, for the then enfu-

ing Season only: And provided always. That such Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, so autho-

riled to be imported into the Island of Ne wfoundland, shall not be inverted, except in Conformity to such

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as shall be specified in such Order or Orders, Warrant or Warrants

respectively, and except by British Subjects, and in British-bu\\t Ships, owned by his Majesty’s Subjects,

and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture above mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatever

shall be imported from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, by Sea, or

Coastwise, into the Province of Quebec, or into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof,

or up the River Saint Lawrence from the Sea, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together

with the Ship or Vessel importing the fame, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and

Apparel.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act

for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goodsy IVares, and Merchandizes in the Ports of King-

fton, Savannah La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island ^Jamaica; in the Port of Saint

George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the ljland of Domvrixca, ia?td in the Port rf

Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands \ under certain Regulations and Re-

ftrill ions) ; but that the fame, and every Provision thereof, shall continue and remain to be in force, and of

the fame Effect, as if this Act had never been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commo-

dities, and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, mail and may be seized by the Commander or Com-

manders of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty Officer,

specially authorised by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Custoras; and that

every Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be filed for, prosecuted, and

recovered, in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof

respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Pur-

poles, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs may now be sued

for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s

Dominions in North America, or the West Indies, respectively, as the Cafe may happen to be.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and be in

force from and after the fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of his late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold

and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and

for the better making of Gold and Silver ‘Thread.

4 \\7 HEREAS by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

4 W the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace; andforfcttling

* and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread/,

€ it is (among!! other Things) enacted. That, from and after the first Day of fuly one thousand seven

4 hundred and forty-two, all Copper, Brass, and every other Metal inferior to Silver, shall be spun upon

4 Thread, Yarn, or Inkle only, and not spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or let upon Silk, upon Pain that

4 each and every Person offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for each and every

4 Ounce so spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or set upon Silk : And whereas, notwithstanding the said recited

4 Act, great Frauds have been committed by Copper or other base Metal being wovery>r mixed with Silk*

* and worked up in Imitation of Gold Lace ; and it hath also been a Practice for Persons to gild and silver

4 Copper, Brass, or other base Metal, and to spin or weave the.fame upon Silk, Thread, Yarn, or Inkle*

4 and to work up the fame in Imitation of, and to mix the fame with Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord*

4 Embroidery, Tambour Work, and Buttons, which have been so exaftiy counterfeited that the Publick

4 have been greatly imposed upon thereby, which tends to the Discouragement as well of the Manufacture

* as of the Exportation thereof, and to the Use and Wear thereof at Home, to the great Diminution of the

4 Bullion of this Kingdom, inasmuch as whatever is used in gilding or (ilvering Copper is never recovered*

4 and also in Diminution of his Majesty’s RevenueFor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s

most

