5«

For every

Packer, ice. of

Perfumes, under

8d. Value, id.

Between 8 d.and

11.—i d. iq.

Between 11. and

si. 6d.—3d.

Between % s. 6d.

and 51.—6d#

5 1. or upwards.

Duties to be le-

vied on every

Packet, &c. ac-

cording to the

bore Rate*.

For every Packet

of Hair Powder

tinder 2 1. per lb.

1 d. *or each.

Pcuiuk

Not to extend to

Drugs, &c. li-

able to the Du-

ties imposed by

Ad 25 Geo. 3.

C. 79.

Nor to common

Soap unrruxed

with Perfumes.

Persons vending

Articles hereby

taxed, to pay

I ». annually for

a Licence.

Duties 10 be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the

CommifBonera

of Stamps.

Commissionera

for S amps to

grant Licences

for a Year, from

July 5, 1786,

to be renewed

annually ten

Djys before they

expire.

C. 49. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III, A.D. 1786.

for the Pound Weight, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty, according to the like Rates herein after ex-

pressed; (that is to say).

Where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall not exceed the Price or Value of eight Pence,

there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Penny:

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of eight Pence,

and not exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Penny Half-

penny:

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling,

and shall not exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty

of three Pence:

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings

and six Pence, and shall be under the Price or Value of five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty -

of six Pence;

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall be of the Price or Value of five Shillings or

upwards, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

The said several and respective Duties aforesaid to be levied and paid, upon each and every Packet, Box,

Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, and upon each and every Roll, Cake, Ball, or Piece of such Wares or

other Article or Articles aforesaid, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposeJ to Sale as aforesaid, according

to the respective Prices or Values above rated.

And also. That for and upon every Packet, or other Inclosure containing any Hair Powxler, which shall be

uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain, the Price whereof shall not exceed two Shillings for

the Pound Weight, there shall be charged for each and every Pound Weight thereof, or any less Quantity

than a Pound Weight, a Stamp-duty of one Penny.

II. Provided always. That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

charge any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparation or Composition

whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medica-

ments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Difoi der or Complaint incident to, or in any wise affect-

ing the human Body, which are charged and chargeable with certain Rates and Duties in and by an hOt

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Atlfor repealing an AcR

made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ‘ An Act for granting to his Ma-

C jl'fty a Stamp-duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Perfns uttering or vending Medicines; and certain

1 Stamp-duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent \

\andfor granting other Duties in lieu thereof % with the Rates or Duties in and by this Act imposed, or with

any additional Rate or Duty by Force hereof.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge

with the above Rates or Duties any common Soap imported into or made in Great Britain, and charged and

chargeable with ar.y Rate or Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs or the Coin-

miinoners of Excile, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain, wholly unmixed

with any such Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person in Great Britain uttering,

vending, or exposing to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles aforefa'd, subject to the Duties

herein before imposed, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose; and that for and upon every Li-

cence so taken out by any such Pci ion, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty or one Shilling.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat for the better and more effectual levying

and collecting the said several Duties herein before granted, the fame shall be under tae Government, Care,

and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are herby required and im-

powered to employ such Officers for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may"

be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that

Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the

said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the

major Part of them, are or is autiioriied to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum^

Parchment, and Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any

two or more of his Majesty’s Commissioners, appointed to manage the Duties arising by Stamps on Veilum,

Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who

shall apply for the fame, to utter, vend, or- expole to Sale, in any City, 'Town, or Place within Great

Britain, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, subject to the Duties by this Act im-

pof_*d,*and the said Licences so granted shall continue in force for the Space of one Year, commencing from

the fifth Day of fitly one thoulanJ (even hundred and eighty-six, upon all Licences to be granted on or be-

fore that Day, and upon Licences to be (irft granted to any person or Persons at er the said fifth Day of July

one thousand Even hundred and eighty-six, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence ;

and all and every Person and Persons who shall take out such Licence or Licences for uttering, vending, or

exposing to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid> (lull take out afre(h Licence or

12 - Licences

