C. 52—61. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

> CAP. L1I.

An Act for better lighting and watching the Village of Camberwell in the County of Surrey, and certain

Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace9

and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to render effectual the Purchase-of a House, situate in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County

of Middlesex^ to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square^

within the Liberty of the City of WjLnuJler j and for other Purposes.

CAP. LV.

An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorised to be made and maintained by

so much of several Acts made in the eighth* eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Frith

or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirlings to the

Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton j and

also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for

explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut

or Canal.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paijley to improve the Navigation of the River

Carty and to make a navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock.

CAP. LVIL

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts, made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the

First, the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or oneJixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every

Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof; for

saying the Debts of the said Towny and for building a Church and making a Harbour there \ and for laying a

Duty on the Tonnage of Shippings and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the

said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour ; and for paving, cleansing^ lighting, and watching

the Streets, and other publick Places, within the said Town, and widening the Streets where necessary,

and removing and preventing Nuisances therein. [The Duties further continued for twenty~one 7 ears.J

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for vesting the Scite. Buildings, and other the Premises belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the

County of Sussex, in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the fame to the Right Honourable Frances

Viscountess Irwiny 3nd her Heirs j and to declare the New Gaol or Prison, lately built, to be the Com-

mon Gaol for the said County.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon, called the High Gaoly a Publick and

Common Gaol; and for discharging Denys Rode and John Relit, JLfquues, and their respective Heirs and

Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol ; and for improving and enlarging the fame, or build-

ing a new one and also for taking down the Chapel in the Caftie of Exeter $ and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An Act for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and Uoufe of Correction for

the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and other Places, wuhin die County of

Stafford j and for regulating the fame respectively.

CAP. LXL

An Act for taking down the Guild Hall or Town Hall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of

• Lincoln, and rebuilding the fame.

CAP.

