51*

fiblick A a.

Preamble#

From Aug. r9

3788, no Vessel

clearing out from

Great Britain,

to carry Slaves

from Africa, in

greater Numberi

than herein

icntioucd.

VefTch to be

deemed of the

Tonnage deferib-

td in their Cer-

tificates of Re*

gi<lry.

Master of Vefleli

to forfeit 30 1.

for every Slave

exceeding the li-

mited Number.

If more than

a-5ths of the

Slaves be Chil-

dren, 5 of the

Surplus to be

deemed equal

to 4 Slaves.

Masteri of Vef-

felt, before they

land any Slaves

in the Weft In-

dies, to declare

upon Oath, be-

fore the Officer

of the Customs,

he Burthen of

the Vessel, Jcc.

Matters landing

Slaves contrary

hereto to forfeit

jool.

Officers of the

Coftomi to take

*n Account of

the Slaves on

board such Vef-

lel*.

Where there is

mo Officer of the

Ceftobas,*jjyCi-

C. 53, 54. Anno vicesimo o&ava G e o r g 11 HI. A.D. 1788.

and adjudged to be an unlawful Combination to advance the Price of Coals, and every Person concerned

therein shall be liable to be punished by Indictment or Information for the fame, in his Majesty’s Court of

King’s Bench at Westminster.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Publick Act, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall be judicially taken notice of as

such by all Judges, JufUccs, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being spectally pleaded

or set forth.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels

from the Coast of Africa.

1 W7 HEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from

the Coast of Africa ;* be it therefore enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal- and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Maf-

ter, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which

shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom from and after the firffc Day of August one thousand (even hun-

dred and eighty-eight, to have on board, at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves

from the Court of Africa, to any Parts beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than

in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the

said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons; and moreover, of one such Slave for every

additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons, or

Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than In the Proportion

of one such Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or

Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and (moreover) of three such Male Slaves (who shall ex-

ceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches) for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vessel, over and

above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons-, and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and

taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Re-

giftry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act made and passed in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement

of Shipping and Navigation:) And if any such Master, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Com-

mand of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave

exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first luefor

the fame.

II. Provided always, That if there shall be, in any such Ship or Vessel, any more than two fifth

Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inehes in Height,

then every five such Children (over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two Fifths) shall be

deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves within the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel

in any Island in the IVcJl Indies, belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty, from the Coast of

Africa, carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Master, or other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, before any of the said Slaves shall be unshipped or landed

from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the nearest Custom House, and there declare, on Oath, before the Col-

lector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authorised atyl required to administer the said

Oath), the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and shall at the fame Time shew to such Officer the Certificate of

the Registry thereof, and shall also deliver to the said Officer upon Oath (who is hereby authorised and re-

quired to administer the said Oath) an exact and true Account of the greatest Number of such Slaves, and

specify the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches, who w’ere or

shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel

quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage; and if such Master, or other Person taking

or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall unship or land, or shall cause to be

unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every such Offence; and one Moiety of

the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety of the said Por-

feiture shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same; And it shall and may be lawful for

such Collector, or other Chief Ofticer of the Customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause Search

to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to fee and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves

on board such Ship or Vessel, and to specify in such Account the Number of Slaves not exceeding four

Feet four Inches in Height: Provided always. That in case the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of zhe

Customs, shall be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such liland where the said Ship (bill

wrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no such other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in

11 ihc

