The TITLES of

ktyf for repairing certain Roads, therein mentioned,

leading from Chcrtteris Firry to- the Town of JVijbech

Saint Peter\ in the ljle (if Ely, and other Places in the

said Acts mentioned.

134. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the fifth

Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening

the Roads leadingJrom the Turnpike- Road at Kipping’s

Crofe, in the Parish of Brenchlcy, in the County of Kent,

through the Parishes of Brenchle^, Horfmonfden and Goud-

hurst, by the Left Hand Side g/’lden Green, fa the Turnpike

Read 9n WiHlcy Green, in the Payish of Cranbrooke;

md from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Pa-

rish of Mardea, to Stile Bridge, in the /aid Parish; and

from Underden Green, in Marden aforejdid\ to Wanfhutt’s

Green, in the County of Kent.

135. An Act for amending and widening several Roads

leading ;from and through the Town of IViveliJcombe, in

the County of SomerJety and other Roads adjoining or

sear thereto.

136. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the fifth Year

if his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening

jrueral Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of

Aiinebead, and from Dunfter and Watchct, in the County

tf Somerset.

137. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An Act for repairing and widening the Road

from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called

The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and

Jrem Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby,

in the County of Lincoln.

138. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the Third, and also of two Acts, made,

one in the twelfth Year oif the Reign of King George

the First, and the other in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, so far as the said two Acts

relate to the Road from Spiltlegate Hill to Foston Bridge,

in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Flooker(brook Bridge, within the

Township of Newtony near Chestery to the South End of

IVUderfpool causeway, and from the Market Town of Frod-

Jbam to Ashton Lane Endy in the Township of Ashtony in

the County of defer.

140. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the

fifth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and wi-

dening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horses in

BirftaH, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from

Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West

Riding of the County of Yprk.

141. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An

Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry

Bridge, in the County of Nottingham to Hainton, in the

County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the

North End of the Lane betwixt Dcxthorpe and Langton;

n-id from Weft Raisin to Pilford Bridge; and from the

great Read near Bishop Bridge toBishop Norton Common 5

and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth ; and from

Hexey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the said

County of Lincoln, as relates to the first and second L>if-

trifts of Roads therein described.

142. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for amending and widening the Road, from the North

24 Geo. III.

the S T A T U T E S.

End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of

New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the Count)

of Y ork.

143. An Act to continue the Term of two Acts, made in

the thirteenth and twenty-ieventh Years of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing

the Roadbctween Hocklifte, in the County of Bedford, and

Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

144. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act passed in the iifrh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widen-

ing the Road from the City of York, by Griiffton Smichy,

to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimfton Smithy aforesaid to

a certain Gate at the upper. End of Garraby Kill, in the

County of York.

14$. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the so-

venth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and wid-

ening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the

Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and

through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by

the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of

Ashford, in the County of Kent; and afo the Road leading

from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the

Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid through High Hai-

tian, to Dammanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the

said County of Kent.

146. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

intituled. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Barton Waterside House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and

several other Hoads in the County of Lincoln therein men-

tioned ; and for repairing and widening the Road from the

Old Bridge^ in the Town of Briggy in the said County,

to JVrawby Bar and Big by Bar, in the said Town ; and

also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at

Caiflory in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gale,

in the said Town of Caijlor.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts,.

made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George

the Second, and the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godftone, in the

County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Paiish of East

Grinltead, in the County of Sussex.

148. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton,

through Husband’s Bosworth and Great Wigfton, to Mil-

fton Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

149. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing

and widening the Roads from Brimington Chesterfield,

in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the Jive-

ral Places therein mentioned.

150. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the

Powers, of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Ma-

jesty.for repairing9 widening, and keeping in Repair, feve-

ral Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Car-

marthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in

the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of

the said Roads, and for amending and keeping in Repair

several other Roads in the said County.

151. An Act for making, repairing, and widening the Road

from Hcagey in the County of Derby, through Alfretonyto

Tihjhelf in the same County, and also a Branch from the

fame Road, at or near Shir land Lodge y to Highamy in the

, feid County.

b 152. An-

6y

