curing the Re-

venue, extended

to th’s A&, <m*

Ief» hereby al-

tered.

The A£>« in

furte on M ay 10,

1787) relative to

the Custoios, to

remain in force,

unlers heiebj

altered*

What^hi))* ate

meant by Br»-

«ifh built in the

Schedule.

Goode permitted

to be entered

Duty-free by

Asti in force bn

May 10, 17S7#

not to be subje3

to Duty, unless

particular^

charged there-

with in the

Schedule.

No Drawback to

be granted un-

ltfs allowed

Acts in force on

May 10, 17*7.

No Goods to bp

imported or ex-

ported contrary

to Acts in three

On May 10,

*787, un-

b fs permitted by

this AO.

Bonds for Du-

ties may bt given

as hetetoiore,

except for Coals.

AM Goods im-

ported to be ca-

tered at the

Custom-hou.fr,

and landed, Scc.

except Dia-

poodi, kc«

If more than

three Dozent of

Bottles^or zo

Galli ns in Calk

of 'Wine im-

ported into anp

©fct-Pwt, he

C. 13. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. ,1787.

Clpufes, Powers, and Directions therein contained funlefs where expressly altered by this Act), {hall, and

are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execu-

tion, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, hereby

charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every

the said Act?, Glaufes, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were par-

ticularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Act of Parliament in force on and

immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, by which any Con-

ditions, Rules, Regulations, or keftridions, were made, cffablished, or directed, for the better securing the

Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into, or Exportation from, Great Britain, or the bring-

ing or carrying Codlwile, or from Port to Port within the same Kingdom, or the entering, landing, or

shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made

by this Act, shall, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied

to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the lame into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had

been repeated and re-enacted in this prclent Ad. 1

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That wherever the Words British-built Slip,

or British-bailt Ships, are inserted in the said Schedule or Tables marked (A. C. E.), hereunto annexed, the

fame shall be understood, deemed, and taken to mean a British-built Ship, or British-built Ships, or a Prize

Ship taken at Sea, by Letters of Marque or Reprilal, legally condemned in a Court of Admiralty, owned,

navigated, and registered according to Law, and none other.

V ill- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this Aor in the

said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, shall extend, or be Conffrued to extend, to fuhjed to Duty any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which, by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in

force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, may,

under particular Circumstances and Conditions, be permitted to be imported and entered without Payment

of any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty, unlcls the fame are particularly charged with Duties in the Sche-*-

dule or 'Fables hereunto annexed, marked (A. B. C. D. E.); and no Notes are l'ubjoined to any Article

therein, referring to any former Act or Acts which provide an Exemption from the Duties of Customs under

certain Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, on the due Performance of which, the Exempt

tion from any of the said Duties hereby repealed, on such Articles, would have depended if this Act had

not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to allow a Drawback upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

to any Port or Place to which a Drawback was not allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on

and immediately before the tenth Day of A say one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

X. 4 And whereas in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, certain Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

f dize are enumerated, and certain Duties and Drawbacks affixed thereto ; which Goode, Wares, or Mer-

4 chandi^e, although not absolutely prohibited, yet under particular Circumstances, by the Laws in force

* on and immediately before the tenth Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, are not

4 permitted to be imported into, or exported from, this Kingdom be it therefore further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported

into, or exported from, Great Britain, in anyi Way or Manner contrary to any Act or AcU of Parliament

in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,

except in any Cafe where Provision is expressly made for that Purpose in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-

tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Importers or Proprietors of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

from securing by Bond the whole Duties due and payable thereon by this Act (except the Duties on Coals,

which shall be paid in ready Money, without any Dilcount, or Liberty to bond the fame), provided the

whole Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on and immediately before the

tenth Day oi May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, might have been so secured by any Ad or

Acts of Parliament in force on and immedintely before the tenth Day of Alay one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-seven,

XII. And be it further enacted1 by the Authority aforesaid. That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

imported or brought into Great Britain with an Intent to be landed, except Diamonds, Jewels, Pearls, pre-

cious Stones* and Bullion, and fresh Fish, British taken, and imported in British-hu^t Ships or Vessels*

owned, navigated, and registered according to Law? and also except Turbots and Lobffers, however taken

or imported ; whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to Duty or not, shall be

regularly entered at the Custom-house, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers, who

shall examine the fame, and shall not deliver them put of his or their Custody and Possession, until he or

they shall have taken a particular Account of the Quantity and Species of such Goods.

aIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That, from and after the tenth Day of Alay

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, no Wine Qf any Sort, -exceeding the Quantity often Gallons,

which at any Time shall have been imported from foreign Parts into, any Out-Port of this Kingdom, thall be

brought, removed, or carried from such Out-Port, or from any Port or Place whatsoeverv either by Land or

by Water, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance

of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London% before the Owner or Proprietor: of such Wine shall

have

*3

c.

