The TITLES of

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts,

made in the twelfth and thirty-fu ll Years of King George

the Second, for repairing tbs Road from Chesterfitld, in

the County of Derby, to Worklop, in tbs County of Not-

tingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the

fame relate to the Road from Ch ft erf eld to Worksop.

153. An Act for enlarging the 1 erm and Powers of

an Act, made in the fixih Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

leading from the Botto?n of Church Lane, in the Town of

Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the

Turnpike D*ad leading from Woor to Chester, near the

Town of Namptvvich, in the County of Chester, and from

Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorily

Hill.

134. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of

his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat’s Cross to

Cowden, in the County 'of Kent, so f3r as the lame relate

to the Road from Tonbridge to Maieljione.

155. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to

the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

156. An Act to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of

an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening fever a I Roads lead-

ing from the £>giay at Lymington in the County £/ South-

ampton.

257. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of die fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, />/

the County a/'Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst

Pound and rullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent; and from

the Top of Pullen’s Hill, through the Parishes of Horlmon-

den, Marden, Yalden, and Weft Farley, to Weft Far-

ley Street, in the said County of Kent.

158. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, so far as the fame relates to the repairing and widen-

ing the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through

Botlcy, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heathy in die

County of Southampton.

I5p. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the

Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the second Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing the Roads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping

Stone Bridge, to Peter’s Gate, in Stamford, in the County

of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town

of Morcot, in the County of Rutland.

160. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in

Repair, so much of the Road from the Town of Newcastle

upon Tyne, to the City of Carlife, as is within the County

of Northumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 26 Georgii III.

y. A N AS for naturalizing Louis Weltje and Alexander

JL\ von Mayerfbach.

2. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Christopherson.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and

Lewis Guy.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

7

the STATUTES.'

Waste Grounds within the Borough or Tottfnship of

CUtheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

6. An Act to enable Cornelius Salvidge (now called Cor-

nelius Tutton), and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Sur-

name of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton

Esquire, deceased.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George

Christian Alatthieffen,

9. An Act for naturalizing Guflaf Hederfledt.

10. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Francis Lord

Ducie, and his lfi'ue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and

to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right Honour-

able Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will

of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

11. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Trrfs, in '

the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the fame

pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for

laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and

Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Co«i>-

inonable Lands within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Pa-

riili of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon9 in the

County of Warwick.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and

Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Od-

dington, in the County of Gloucester.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels of

Waste Grounds within the Manors of Narberth, Temple-

ton, Molljhn, and Robe/hne IVathan, in the Parishes of

Narberth and Robcstone IVathan, in the County of Pan-

broke.

15. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Parish of Weji Pennard, in the County of So*

merjet.

16. An Act to enable George Tafotirgh Esquire (lately called

George Cratborne), and his Heirs Male, jo take and bear

the Surname and Arms of Tafburgh only, pursuant to the

Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George

Tajlurgh Esquire, deceased,

17. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert

Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees,

to be loid, and for laying out the Money arising from-the

Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the

fame Uses.

18. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish

Church of Sheffieldin the County of York, to grant Leases

of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate be-

longing to the said Vicarage.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Erich and

Southwingfeld, in the County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common

Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other

Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wal-

lop, Hurjbourn Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of

Southampton.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, a Common Meadow and Common Paf-

ture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray,

in the County of Berks.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Parish of TichwelL in the County of

Norfolk.

23. An

