The TITLES of

Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the

County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and

Newtown River; and for amending and keeping in Re-

pair the Road from the South End of Bartholcmnv-Street,

in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at

Speenhamland, in the said County of Berks.

95. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the

Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the fourth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and

widening the Road\ from a Place near the Ullage of Mil-

ford, through Haflcmere, to the Portsmouth Road between

Lippock and Rake, in the everal Counties 0/"Surry, Sussex,

and Southampton.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 27 Georg it III.

of. AN Act for naturalizing George Wakcrbath.

\ Jx 2. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open

! Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe,

^ in the Parish of Burnfall, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Solomon Dedcl.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kcjftngland and Cove-

kite, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Cow-Commons, Linchets,

and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground,

intermixed with or adjoining to the said Common Fields

and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring,

in the County of Oxford.

6. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Graff

7. An Act for naturalizing Peter Everdoard Camper.

8. An Act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria

Chandler.

9. An Act for naturalizing Peter John Hofch.

jo. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts and

Portions of the Lands and Barony of IfftUiamston, the

Lands of Drumdewan, Lednock, Mansion House of Led-

nock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to,

and in favour of, Thomas Graham Esquire, of Balgowan,

and the fame Series of Heirs,* in Fee Tail, and under the

fame Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and

contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one

thousand seven hundred and twenty-six ; and for vesting in

the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns,

in Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton,

of Blair Lands, of Pitmurtkly Maws, and others, lying

Within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of

Forfar.

ti* An Act to difib]ve the Marriage of JViUiam Fawkcner

Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within

the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of 0.x*-

Jg > d.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

'Fields, Aleadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Township of Spofforth, in the

Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York.

14. An Act for naturalizing 'John Jacob Hertel.

15. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tene-

4

the STATUTES.

ments, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward

Bay tit’in Rolt Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolt Esquire,

from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of

Release, bearing Date the twenty-second Day of August

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harpiree, other-

wife IVejl Harp try, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the

Right Honourable George James Earl Choinondeley, in the

County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee

Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the

fame County, in lieu thereof.

18. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of

Bedford, Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge,

deviled by the Will of The cp lulus Dillingham Esquire, de-

ceased, in Dillingham Brampton Gunlon Dillingham

Esquire, and his Heirs, mid for settling another Fllate, of

greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses

as the deviled Estates now stand limited.

19. An Act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several

Counties of Kent, Surrey, Mulllsex, and Berks, Part of

the Estate of O’dfield Bowles Esquire, from the Uses,

Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the fame, in and

by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the

said Oldfield Bowles with Mary his now Wife, and for set-

tling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and He-

reditaments in the County of Oxford, of greater Value, in

lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

20. An Act for veiling the Tythes and Estate at Orton, in

the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital,

in the same County, in John Peach Hungerford Esquire,

for his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Kent

Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of

the said John Peach Hungerford, at Orton aforesaid, in

lieu thereof.

21. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable

Edward Foley with the Right Honourable Lady Arm

Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Bit-

tefwell, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing,

and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the

Lordship of Trow ell, in the County of Nottingham, and

for uniting the two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish

Church of Trowe/l aforesaid.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Com-

mons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymalzeafdj

in the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common

and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Bar-

row upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in

the’ County of Derby.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste

Lands within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of

Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common

Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarjk.

den and Churchill\ and Ty thing of Lyneham, Merrifourt,

and Finrfcourt, in the Parish of Shipton under lVicbiuosd%

in die County of Oxford.

28. An

