i

li

i

i

340 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

Paper, Fourth Table, continued. For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the Dimen lions of Nineteen Indies and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, One £• s. 1

Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny. — % — — — — For every Ream of Paper which (nail be made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches, Two Shillings and.Three- I 61

pence Halfpenny. — — — — — — For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, Three a 3^

Shillings and Three Farthings. — — — — — For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Demy and Blossom, not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-two Inches, Two Shillings and - 3 1

One Farthing. — — — — — — — For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and One Penny 2 1 4

Three Farthings* — — — — — — FIFTH TABLE. For every Ream of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Nineteen Inches and a Quarter, 1

One Shilling and Foui-pence. — — — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Nineteen Inches and a Quarter, 1 4

One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny. — — — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Eighteen Inches, One Shilling 1 61

and Sixpence Halfpenny. — — — — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Sixteen Inches, One 1 61

Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings. “ . ” — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Two .Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Eleven Inches, Five-pence Three Farthings. — — — — _ — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britrin, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-three Inches by Twenty-one Inches, 1 «l Si

Two Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny. — — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Sixteen Inches, One Shilling and One 2 3i

Penny Three Farthings. — — — # — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-two Inches by Twenty Inches, One 1 •1.

Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny. — — — — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and Three Quarters by Sixteen Inches, 1 61

Nine-pence Farthing. — — _ _ — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches by Ten Inches, and 9*

of Nine Inches by Seven Inches and an Half, Five-pence Three Farthings. — For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-nine Inches by Twenty-two Inches, One Shilling and ri

Sixpence Halfpenny. — — — — — • — For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Haven Cap, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling ana One 1 61

Penny Three Farthings. — — — — — —* For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made In Great Britain, called Bag Cap, not ex- ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Nineteen Inches, Eleven-pence 1 •i

For every &eam of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Kenttfh Cap, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Eighteen Inches, Nine-pence ut

For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not ■ 9'

exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Sixteen Inches, Nine-pence Farthing. For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Cap, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Fifteen Inches, Five-pence Three Far- 9i

For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty- three Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Six- Si

pence Halfpenny* — , — — — — — t - 1 6i

