A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 57.

in the London Gazette; and another Copy of such Rule or Order shall, within the Time aforesaid, be affixed

in Tome conspicuous and publick Place in the India House: And if the said Party or Parties shall not fur-

render himself or themselves respectively according to the Tenor of such Rule or Order, within the Time

therein to be limited for that Purpose, or within such further Time as the said Court shall appoint or direct

(which the said Court is hereby impowered to do, on Application being made on the Behalf of such Party

or Parties, if the said Court shall fee Cause), then, on Proof being made of the Publication of such Rule

or Order in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s Attorney General, or other Pro-

fccutor, by Rule and Leave of the said Court (which Rule and Leave the said Court is hereby impowered

to grant), to cause an Appearance, and the Plea of Not guilty to be entered for such Party or Parties charged

by the said Information; and the said Information shall thereupon proceed as if the Party or Parties had

appeared and pleaded Not guilty thereto.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the Plea of Not guilty shall

be entered for the Party or Parties Defendant or Defendants to any .Information, by the Prosecutor or Pro-

lecutors thereof, by virtue and according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be sufficient, in order to the

hearing and determining of such Information, for such Prosecutor or Prosecutors to give fourteen Days

Notice of the Day appointed for the Trial thereof, by Advertisement in the London Gazette \ any Law,

Usage, or Practice to the contrary notwirhstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Party or Parties charged by any such Information as afore-

hid, shall make Default in his or their personal Appearance, at the pronouncing of Judgement, in the

Matter of such Information, by and before the said Special Commissioners \ it nevertheless shall and

m2y be lawful for the said Commissioners to pronounce Judgement upon such Information, in the fame

Manner as if the said Party or Parties was or were personally present; and every such Judgement shall

be as valid, effectual, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the said Party or

Panics had been personally present at the pronouncing thereof ; any Law or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted. That whenever the Party or Parties charged by any such Information

shall personally appear before the said Special Commissioners, on the Hearing or Trial thereof, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Special Commissioners, at any Time during the Course of such Trial, to

order such Party or Parties to (land committed to the Prison of the Marjhajfea, or to the Tower of London,

or to the Gaol of Newgate, at the Discretion of the said Special Commissioners, there to be detained until

Judgement shall be pronounced in the Matter of the said Information, unless he or they shall be previously

delivered or discharged by the Rule or Order of the said Commissioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted. T hat if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Contempt or

Disturbance in the Court of the said Commissioners, during the fitting of the Court, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order such Person or Persons to be taken into Custody, by any

Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners to attend the said Court, and to (band com-

mitted to the Prison of the Marfaalfea, or the Gaol of Newgate, at their Discretion, to be there kept for

such Time as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Judgements, which shall be made and pronounced by the said

Special Commissioners, according to the Directions, and under the Authority of the said recited Act, and

this prefect Act, shall, when and so soon as the said Judgements and other Proceedings shall have been

delivered over, jiy the Register to the said Commissioners, to the Clerk of the Crown in the said Court of

King’s Bench (otherwise called The Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King, or the Master of the Crown

Ojfcexn the said Court), in the Manner diredbed by the said former Act, be executed and enforced by the

Authority of the said Court of King’s Bench, and such Proceedings to Outlawry, and other Proceedings,

against the several and respective Defendants thereto, shall and may be had thereon, in the like Manner as,

according to the Course and Pradbice of the said Court may be had upon Judgement made and pronounced

-by the said Court; and the Judgements of the said Special Commissioners shall be final and conclusive, to

sll Intents and Purposes whatever, and shall not be arrefbed, defeated, reversed, or avoided, or liable to be

arrested, defeated, reveifed, or avoided, for or by reason or means of any Error, Defedb, or Want of

f orm in any such Judgement, or in the Information whereon the fame shall be given or pronounced, or in

the Award of any Process thereon, or in the Record of the Issue for the Trial .thereof; any Law, Statute,

cr Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided* always, and be it further enacted and declared. That nothing in the said recited A&,

or in this present Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Prosecutor or Pro-

jectors of any such Information as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties Defendant or Defendants thereto, of

any Right, Liberty, Benefit, or Advantage, to which, by the Law of the Land, or the Rules of Practice

of the Court of King’s Bench, such Prolecutor or Prosecutors, Defendant or Defendants, is or are, or

would, could, or might have been intitled, upon any other Information of a like Nature, depending in the

said Court of King’s Bench, before Issue in Fa6b joined therein ; nor to prevent or refbrich the said Court of

King’s Bench from exercising any such Power or Authority as would, coujd, or might have been legally-

exctcifed by the said Court of King’s Bench, in the Matter of any such Information, before Iilue in Fact

joined therein, if the said former Act, or this present Acb, had not been made; any Thing in the said

former Ad, or this present Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided aHo, and be it further enacted, That if the Party or Parties charged by any such In-

formation as aforesaid, shall enter a Demurrer to such Information, and such Demurrer shall be over-ruled

by the said Court of King’s Bench, such Party or Parties shall, within eight Days next after the said

Court shall have given Judgement on such Demurrer, unless a Writ of Error shall be brought thereon, and then

z6 Geo. III. N within

89

Notice of Trial

lo be given.

Judgement to be

pronounced by

the CommUfion*

ers, though the

Parties do not

appear.

Parties during

Trial may be

committed.

Diflurbert of the

Court may also

be committed.

Judgements of

the Commission*

ers to be exe-

cuted by the

Court of King*

Bench, and Ml

be final.

Thit, or the re-

cited A&, notea

deprive Persone

of any Right

they are intitled

to by law, fisc.

Mode of Pro-

ceeding where

Demurrers ire

entered.

