A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 68.

Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spamjhy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk

Flour, and Snuff, respectively, which he or they shall then and there find so deposited, lodged, hid, or con-

cealed, as forfeited, together with the Hogsbeads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, and Packages whatsoever containing

the feme; and if any rerfon or Persons whatsoever shall let, ohftrud, or hinder any such Officer or Officers

lb authorised or impowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance in the

Fxecution of such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so

suspe& such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work,

Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away

the fame, or the Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cafes, or Packages containing the fame, or in the due Execution*

of any such Warrant, the Person and Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence sevendly forfeit

the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being a Manufacturer of, or Dealer in To-

bacco or Snuff, or who is or shall be in anywise interested or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefsof manufac-

turing or dealing in Tobacco or Snuff, shall, during such Time as he, she, or they, shall be so interested or

concerned in the Trade or Business of manufacturing or dealing in Tobacco or Snuff, at as a Justice of the

Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which shall in anywise concern the Execution of the Powers or

Authorities given or granted by this or 2ny other Act or Ats of Parliament in force at the Commencement

of this At, relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or do any At

hereby authorised to be done by any Justice or Justices of the reace, all such Ats so executed or done by

such Person or Persons shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CLV. And be it further enated. That all Thumb Cut, Black LeaF Lug and Twist or Pig Tail To-

bacco, shall be deemed and taken to be Roll Tobacco within the Meaning of this At; that all Tobacco

Smalls Lifted from Short Cut Tobacco, and Shag Tobacco, and all Returns of Spanish, mall be deemed and

taken to be Returns of Tobacco within the Meaning of this At; that all Sand lifted from Tobacco Smalls

shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco Sand within the Meaning of this At; that all Tobacco Stalks

Battened and cut into what is commonly called Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be Spanish within the

Meaning of this At; that all Tobacco Stalks (tripped or taken from the Leaf, shall be deemed and taken to

be Tobacco Stalks within the Meaning of this At; and that all Tobacco Stalks prepared or laid down for

being manufatured or made into Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco Stalks for

Tobacco Stalk Flour within the Meaning of this At: And also, that all and every Person and Persons who

shall manufature Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, or who shall manufature or flatten

any Tobacco Stalks, or cut any Tobacco Stalks into what is commonly called Spanish>, shall be deemed

and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco within the Meaning of this Act; that all and

every Person and Persons who shall grind or manufature any Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff'Work, or Snuffj

shall be deemed and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufaturers of Snuff within the Meaning of this

At; that all and every Person and Persons who shall fell any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Returns of To-*

bacco, or any Tobacco Stalks flattened, or any Tobacco Stalks cut into what is commonly called

Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco within the Meaning of

this At; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall fell any Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff

Work, or Snuff, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Snuff within the Meaning of

this At.

CLVI. And be it further enated. That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures created or imposed by this

At, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the (Jom-

missioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Cut

toms, shall and may (where not otherwise dire ted by this At) be fried for, prosecuted, recovered, and

disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or

any Goods or Vessels forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for,

prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Customs concerned in any such

Seizures or Prosecutions shall (where not other wise di reted by this At) be entitled to and receive such Share

of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures

for unlawful Importation, and (where not otherwise direted by this At) to such Share of the Produce arising.

from any pecuniary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any.

Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CLVII. And be it further enated, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this or any other At or

Ats of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this At, relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk9, To-

bacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, or either of them, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the

Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respetively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall

be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or For-

feiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Ation of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at l¥e{lminster, or in the Court

of Exchequer in Scotland^ respetively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, not

otherwise direted by this Act, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him,

her, or them, who (ha)l inform, discover, or sue (or the fame.

CLVIII. And be it further enated. That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this At impefed (the

nccellary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at IVcJimmfler \ and the said Money so paid into the said Re-

ceipt of Exchequer as aforesaid* shall be carried to and made Part of the said Fund called The Consolidated

Fund*

CUX. And

639

and Person* ob*

ftrncting them

to forfeit iool.

No Manufac-

turer, dtc. or

Person interest-

ed, to act at a

Magi fl rate in the

Execution of any

Arelative to

Tobacco, Ac.

Thumb Cut To-

bacco, dec. to be

deemed Roll

Tobacco, dec.

Who ftalhbr

deemed Manu-

facturers and

Dealers,

Hbw Penalties

in the Customa

are to be sued

for, and what

Shares are to be

paid the Officers*

How Penalties

in the Excise are

to he sued for,

and how applied.

Duties to be or*

ried to the Cons-

olidated Fund*.

