188

»nd *f not pvd

upon'Wvidii n,

the i arMr*‘ may

hr irr.prif nid 48

Ho rs, *0 g ve

Tim- ft r levying

by Dirt/cfs.

In Cafe nf Inf *f-

fu icncvoH hood',

the ar ies m «y

be committed.

Security for Pe-

naltir* m^y he

accepted, riM<i if

hot fu filler, ihe

Pj'»y cor.v tlrd

a^d hi* Su'eres

niay btimprilon-

^ar*iei cor.vift-

t1, i n finding

t^'o.Suietiri.may

appeal to the Ge-

reral or Quarter

Ssftjons; and if

the Conviction

i»e affirmed, to-

pay DjubleCofls*

Persons having

paid the P* naky,

I T bfi r g imrri-

fonrd, noctofind

Sureties.

No Judgerre it

©? the Jukkes to

be set aside for

want of Form,

®f removed by

Certiorari.

Actions for Of.

fences against

1 Geo 1. c, iff,

& 9 Geo. 2 c.33.

jniy he cornmen-

cedvwitlkn twelve

Mombf.

The Powers of

former Ath to

remain :n full

b (>rcr, r x opt

such a^ are here-

by repealed.

C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XLVII. And, to the End that the Person or Persons convicted of any Offence for which any

‘ such pecuniary Penalty, as last aforesaid, is by this Add made recoverable, may not by Flight or

4 Removal after such Conviction evade Impiifonment, where such Penalty shall not be paid upon his

or their Convidtinn ft be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices before

whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted as aforesaid, immediately after such Conviction

to order such Offender or Offenders into Custody (in case the said Penalty or Penalties due on such

Conviction be not immediately paid), during such Time, not exceeding forty-eight Hours, as such Juf-

tices shall think proper to allow for the Return of the Warrant for levying such Penalty by Distrefe and Sale

as aforesaid.

XLYIil. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the

Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, either by the Confession of the Party

convicted, or other Witness, that such Party hath not Goods or Chattels sufficient to answer the Penalty or

Penalties by him incurred, then, and in such Cafe, the fame Justices shall and may, without issuing any

Warrant of Distrcfs, commit the Party so convicted, as if such Warrant had actually issued, and a Return of

nulla bona been made thereon.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Offender, ordered to be committed to

Prison under or by virtue of this Act, shall, before his actual Commitment to Prison, procure Security to be

given by two sufficient Securities, to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom he shall have been con-

victed, lor Payment of the Penalty or Penalties by him incurred, with the Charges incident to his Convic-

tion, within the Space of fourteen Days, exclusive of the Day of Conviction; then, and in such Cafe, it

shall and may be lawful for such Just ccs to accept such Security, and upon Nonpayment thereof, at the

Time stipulated for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the fame Justices, or any other Justices of

the Peace for the same County, Divnion, or Place, to cause the Party convicted, and his Sureties, to be

apprehended by Warrant or Warrants under their respective Hands and Seals, and them to commit to the

Common Gaol of the County, Divihon,or PLce, in or for which such Justices shall act, for such Space of

Time as the Party convicted was fuhjedl and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such Security bad

been given, unless such Penalty and Charges shall be fanner paid.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall

think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement or Determination of any Justices of the Peace,

upon any Complaint or Information in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and

for such Person or Persons, within the Space of three Calendar Months then next ensuing, to appeal to the

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hold for the County, Division, or Place, in or for which such

Justices shall have adtcJ, fuen Person or Persons so appealing giving, and being hereby required to give, at

least fix Days Notice to the Informer or Informers of such his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal,

and of the Matter thereof, and shall, with two sufficient Sureties, enter into Recognizance before some Juf-

tice or Justices of the Peace lor the same County, Diviffon, or Place, to appear and prosecute such Appeal at

the said General or Quarter Sessions, and abide by the Order or Determination of the fame Court, and to pay

the Costs and Charges thereby awarded against such Person or Persons (if any); and every such Appeal shall

by the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions be examined, and the Circumstances of the Cafe fully en-

quired into, and the Matter finally heard and determined; and in case such Judgement, Determination, or

Conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the Party so appealing shall pay unto the Informer or In-

former s Double Costs, to be ascertained by the Order of the fame Court.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons so intending to appeal

shall have paid the Penalty, under any such Conviction as aforesaid, into the Hands of the said Justices by

way of Depofft, or shall be then imprisoned, such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the said General

or Quarter Sessions within the Time aforesaid,on his or their entering (without Sureties) into such Recogni-

zance as herein before mentioned, and remaining in Prison in the mean Time, or depositing such Penalty

into the Hands of the said Justices, there to remain until the Merits of the said Appeal shall be heard and de-

termined.

Lil. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Conviction made, or Judgement given as

aforesaid, shall be let uiide by the said Court of General or Quarter Section for want of F orm, or through the

mif-stating of any Fact, Circumstance, or other Matter whatsoever, provided the material Fadls alledged in

such Conviction or Judgement, and on which the fame shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of

the said Court, nor shall any such Conviction or Judgement, or any Order or Proceedings of the said Court,

be removed or removeable by Cn li:rari> or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Wyhimifttr; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Lil I. Provided also, and be it further cr.acted. T hat every Prosecution in pursuance or by virtue of

this Act, for any Offence against the said several Acts of the first Year of the Reign of King George

the First, and the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or either of them, shall and

may be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Time whereat such Offence

shall have been committed; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

LI V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

implied or construed to extend, to repeal or alter any Adl or Acts now in force, or any of the Clauses or

Proviffons therein contained, or take away, abridge, leften, or affect any of the Powers or Authorities

thereby given or granted reflectively, for lending or regulating the Mode or Course to be observed in fitting

out for any Fishery, or Clearance outwards, or Entry inwards, or the Discharge of any Bufeor Fishing

Veil;:,

