246

Coil-meter* F«e,

4<J. per Chal-

dron, to be plid

bj Seller,

Tiekert to be

delivered to the

Seller or Car*

man.

Contents of the

Tickets.

Tickets to be de-

livered by La-

bouring Meter

to Carman, and

by him to the

Con Turner,

Consumer to re-

pay Metage to

the Seller.

Penalty on La-

bouring Coal-

meters neglect-

ing to deliver

Ticket to the

Carman;

and on the Car-

man altering it,

kc,

Penalty on Ven-

der, for Tending

Coals unmea-

sured, or with-

out a Ticket.

Sacks not to be

fealedor mark-

ed, which shall

not be lull 4

Feet Inches

long, and 16

Inches broad.

Dimensions of

Sacks to be used.

Penalty on

Wharfingers,

Ac. bribing

Meters.

C. ic8. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

or Bushels of Coals that shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock

of Coals of the Person or Persons vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four Pence by the Cnaldron for every Chal-

dron of Coals which, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July, shall be fold and delivered at any

Wharf, Warehouse, or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be paid by the Person who keeps the

Wharf, Warehouse, or Place where such Coals are carted, from or by the Seller of such Coals to the Prin-

cipal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being, as a Recompence for their or his Labour and

Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of Clerks, Mefl'engers, House Rent, Fire, Candles, and all other

Expences incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid, and for the Hire of the Labouring Coal-meters ;

ana thereupon such Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby re-

quired to deliver, or caute to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead,

drive, or carry away the fame, a Paper, Writing, or Ticket, signed by one of the said Principal Land Coal-

meters, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal-meter attending and delivering the fame, in which shall be

contained as well the Christian and Surname of the respective Sellers as of the Consumers of the said Coals,

the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement, the Amount

of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Cartnen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the

fame Coals; and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, (he, or

they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, such Diflatisfa£tion must be expressed to the Carman be-

fore any Part thereof is (hot or unladen from the said Cart; which said Ticket being thus made compleat,

and Metage paid, shall be delivered, unaltered, by the Labouring Coal-meter counterligning the feme, with-

out Delay, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such

Ticket to the Consumer therein named; which said Ticket, unaltered, the Carman, or Person therein

named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is

hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to Their Agent or Servant, who

shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, for the Use of such Consumer; and thereupon he,

(he, and they are hereby required to pay to the Seller, named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified ;

and if the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning such Ticket, shall, after Payment of the Metage Charge in

pursuance of this Act, refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket, as herein before directed, to the Carman or

Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described. such Labouring Coal-meter shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and if such Carman or Person employed

to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket shall, after the fame Ticket shall have been

so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning the fame, either alter, or neglect or

refuse to deliver the fame Ticket to the Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall

attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket,' such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or

drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten

Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which

any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Burnels, shall be sent or driven, from any Wharf, Warehouse*

or Place situate within the Limits of this Act, without having been measured under the inspeftion of the said

principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or of such Labouring Coal-meter, or without having first

► obtained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Vendor of the said Coals,

being convl&ed thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Shakers, by Affirmation) of two

or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of

Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of ten Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, no Sacks to be made use of for the Carriage of Coals,

within the Limits of this A&, which shall not be full four Feet four Inches in Length, and full twenty-six

Inches in Breadth, after they are made, shall be sealed or marked, at any Office or Offices, or by any Of-

ficer or Officers appointed or to be appointed for the Purpose of fealtng and marking such Sacks, by any

Law now in being respecting the fame.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Carrier of

Coals shall, at any Time or Limes hereafter, during the Continuance of this Afi, make use of any Sack

or Sacks for the carrying of Coals, within the Limits of this A&, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length,

and two Feet in Breadth; or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any selfe Bushei or other

Measure, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called uakers, by Affirmation) of

two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County

of Middltfexy or City and Liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of five rounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer

in Coals shall, directly or indirectly, give, or cause 10 be given, to any Labouring Coal-meter within the said

Limits, at any Time or Times hereafter during the Continuance of this A&, any Sum or Sums of Money,

or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence her Chaldron herein before

enacted and allowed for the Charges of Metage, and shall be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of

the People called §>uakersj by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, he shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And

Dy

