*5$

Qra»tP’e? of

\V, r! * i:li

v hich Siili,. are

l«* br prrfu Ti d

t<> bt

d«i ri re ' h« 1 i nt

ti %wuiki.'2, Scc.

No Entry <0 ke

withdrawn »l’er

« Still ikall have

bfgon workings

in less than 3

Months.

After 3 Merab?,

1 nt- it's may be

withdrawn < n

givii g Notice.

Corrmissioners ,

©t Exciic mi*y

grar,t Rel ef

where the pre-

sum^d Charge!

of Puty exceed

the actual Qiisa*

l.ty of Walb.

No S.il’s that

have ducs'nti-

nued working to

ircommence

wi.hout giving

Nr tier, on Pe.

Hilly of 203 I.

P ryiiU i'ins

wiih teg ird to

Seizures made

between u£t.

3C, » 7 <4, and

Julj S, 1786.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. A.D. 1786.

ations, for being Imported into this Kingdom, of any greater Degree than that of one to nine over Hydro-

meter Proof.

4 LXI. And whereas the Quantities of Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, produced to the Officers of Ex-

4 cife at several Distilleries taken for a given Time, have occasionally fallen short of the Quantities which the

4 Stiils and Utensils belonging to such Distilleries were, according to the ordinary Course of Distillation,

4 capable of working within the same given 'Lime, and there is Reason to suspedt that considerable Quan-

4 v.iks of Wort, Wash, and other Liquor, have been fraudulently worked at such Distilleries, in prejudice

4 ( i his iVbjesty’s.Rcvtnue, and to the manifest Injury of the fair TraderFor Remedy whereof, be it en-

acted, That, from and alter the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every entered

Vv alh Still, belonging to any Distillcr or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits from Malt or Corn, for

Dome Consumption, during the 'Time the fame shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been charged

with Wash, in the Proportion of three Parfs in four of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the

Head thereof, according to the Average Rates herein after expressed and specified ; (that is to say), For such

"l ime or "l imes as such Wash Still shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth Day of November inclusive, in any

one Year, and the fifteenth Day of May exclusive, in the next succeeding Year, every such Wash Still shall

be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the Average Rate of five Times in every Week*, and for

such Fime or Times as the fame shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth Day of May inclusive, in any one

Year, and the fifteenth Day of 'November exclusive, in the same Year, every such Wash Still shall be pre-

fumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the Average Rate of four Times m every Week.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August, every such Wash

Still, after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, shall be preiumed to be kept regu-

larly in Work for the Space of three Calendar Months successively, at the least, to be computed from the ,

Day of the adfual working thereof; and no Person or Persons who shall have begun to work any Wash Still

shall be at Liberty to discontinue or withdraw the Entry of any such Still after the working thereof shall have

commenced and been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of three Calendar Months, to be com-

puted as aforesaid.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Owner or Owners of any Wash Still

shall be inclined to discontinue working the fame, such Owner or Owners shall be at Liberty so to do at any

Time after the End and Expiration of the said three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid, upon

giving Notice in Writing, four Days at least, to the Officer of the Distridfc or Place, of such his, her, or

their Intention, and expressing in such Notice the Day on which the working of such Still is intended to be

discontinued.

LXI V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be made appear, by sufficient

Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, the Sufficiency of such Proof being

left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners, that the Difference or Excess in the Amount of the pre-

fumptive Charges of the Still, beyond the Quantity of Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, actually produced to

the bight of the Officer, was occasioned or shall have arisen by unavoidable Necessity, and that all the Wort,

Wash, and other Liquor worked off at such Wash Still, was bona fide produced to the Sight of the Officer;

then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required

to grant to the Owner or Owners of such Wash Still such Relief as shall in their Judgement be reasonable

and just.

LX V. And be it further enacted. That when and so often as the Owner or Owners of any such Stills

who shall have discontinued working the fame in the Manner aforesaid, shall be inclined to recommence

the working thereof, such Owner or Owners shall signify such his, her, or their Intention to the Officer

of Excise by Notice in Writing, four Days at the least next antecedently to the Day whereon such Working

is intended to be renewed (which Day shall be specified in such Notice); and if any such Owner or Owners,

or other Person or Persons, shall recommence such Working without such Notice being given as is herein

before directed, he, flic, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LX VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Arrack and Rum, and all Home-

made and foteign Brandy, Compounds, and other Spirits of what Kind soever, which, between the tenth

Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth Day of July one thoufajid seven

hundred and eighty-six, have been, or may be, seized and condemned, and are now remaining in his Ma-

jesty’s Warehouses, or may be deposited therein previous to the said fifth Day of July, and which were, by

the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, directed to be staved and de-

ftroyed, shall be valued by such Persons, and in such Manner and Form, as the respective Commissioners of

the Customs in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them respectively, in Cafes of Seizures made by

the Oincers of the Customs, and as the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland^ or

the major Part of them respectively, in Cafes of Seizures made by the Officers of Excise, shall direct; and

that after such Valuation, the fame, or any Part thereof, shall, at the Discretion of the said respective Coin-

lmffioners, or the major Part of them respectively, be either staved and destroyed, except in such Cafes wheie

it ih.il! appear, to the said respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England and Scotland re-

fixelively, or the major Part of them respectively, that such condemned Spirits are proper to be disposed of

to or for any of the Lies or Purposes hereinafter mentioned ; that is to say, to or for the Qfe of his Majesty’s

Navy or Army, or of the Crews of Ships or Vessels employed in the Service of the Revenue of Customs or

Excite, or of his Majesty’s Garrisons abroad, or for Exportation to foreign Parts, or for Consumption on

bo.ud of any Ships or Vessels going upon foreign Voyages, in which two last mentioned Cafes, the fame

fn Ji be shipped under the like Security for the due Exportation or Consumption thereof respectevely as afote-

said,

'a c: v

1

'1: / h

:•£ L

1

: -.c

:e i

inv

'izhiz

siGiV

pttryG:

iii

. *}_

■ L,.

*11

; > cr

Ny

