44

\

C. 41.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1786.

No Shi,) shall be

kvitled to a

larger Bounty

than for 4C0

Ton*,

»nd only for five

Yean from Dec.

*5, 178S; '

rd if not em.

ployed in the

FiAery before

tions herein before prescribed to the Owners of Ships of greater Burthen, shall be intitled to the said Bounty,

according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively, provided such Admeasurement be not

lets than one hundred and fifty Tons.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel at this

Time employed rn the said Fishery, although (he be above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, shall.be in-

titled to a larger Bounty than a Ship of four hundred Tons would be intitled to, and that she shall continue

to enjoy the lame for the Space of five Years, and no longer, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, in case such Ship or Vefiel shall not be worn out, or have ceased

before that Time to carry on the said Fishery; and that no Ship or Vefiel which shall not, before the twenty-

fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, have been employed in the said Fishery,

although such Ship or Vefiel shall be above the Burthen of three hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger

Bounty than a Ship or Vefiel of three hundred Tons would be intitled to.

that Day, oot larger than for 300 Tons.

Sh'pi of more

than 4C0 T one,

orjooTonsneed

not be fitted cut

but as of those

Burthens, to in-

title them to the

Bounty.

No Bot nty shall

be allowed to any

Ship where a

Log Boole has

not been pro-

perly kept j

which shall be

delivered to the

Collector of the

Customi, before

Whom *he Con-

tents shall be

vcr.tied on Oath.

If a Ship of War

is met at Sea, the

Log Book mu ft

be produced to

the Captain,who

lnuft make

therein a Me-

morandum of

the Production,

&c.

and mud like-

wife te produced

I© the Bri iftj

Consul at any

foreign Port.

Ship* fitted out

itom Ireland,

agreeable to the

Rrgula ion* of

this Act, shall

be int tled to the

Bounty

The Owners

may insure the

Boonty in ca'e

of the Loss of

the Ship,

IX. Provided also, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vefiel above the Burthen of four hundred

Tons, or three hundred 'I ons respectively before mentioned, to fit out, equip, and man any such Ship,

otherwise than as a Ship or Vefiel of the Burthen of four hundred Tons, or three hundred Tons re-

spectively, according to the Directions of this A3, in order to intitle him or them to the Bounty herein

before granted.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty granted by this Act shall be paid

or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, on account of any Ship or Vefiel employed in the said

Fishery, unless a Log Book shall have been constantly kept on board such Ship or Vefiel, in which Leg Book

the various Situations and Occurrences, respecting such Ship or Vessel, during the whole Course of the

Voyage, shall be inserted every Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vefiel shall have been

in Sight of Land, distinguishing what Land, and the Bearings thereof, and the supposed Difiances there-

from, and the Soundings; and also the Time when, and the Latitude in which, any Whale, or other Crea-

ture living in the Sea, shall have been killed, taken, or caught by the Crew of such Ship or Veiled; which

Log Book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Master, or other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command of such Ship or Vefiel, at the Time of his making a Report of such Ship or Vefiel,

to the Collector of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain where such Ship or Vefiel shall arrive on her

Return from the said Fishery, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Master, or other Person

having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vefiel, together with the Mate thereof, shall

jointly and severally verify on Oath the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector, who is hereby

authorised and required to administer the fame.

^ XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Ship or Vefiel shall, in the

Course of her Voyage, meet or fall in with any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, the Master, or

other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of her, shall, and is hereby required to produce to

the Captain, or other Officer commanding such Ship or Vefiel of War, the said Log Book so to be kept as

aforesaid, and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, and is hereby required to make a Memorandum

in such Log Book, of the Day orr which it was so produced to him, and mall subscribe his Name to such

Memorandum, and shall also make an Entry in the Log Book of the said Ship or Vefiel of War, of the Name

and Description of the Ship or Vefiel, on board of which the Log Book of such Ship or Vefiel so produced

to and signed by him was kept; and in case such Ship or Yefl'el, on board of which a Log Book is

so required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign Port, where there is or shall be a British

Consul, or other Chief British Officer, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or

Command of such Ship or Vefiel, shall, and is hereby required to produce such Log Book to such

British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a Mo

morandum therein, oF the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall in like Manner subscribe the

fame.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vefiel, owned by his Ma-

jesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, and fitted out from any Port in that. Kingdom, which shall have

complied with the Conditions of this Act, to be verified determined by Certificates, in such Manner, and under

the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as are required, by any Law in force before the passing.

of this Act, to intitle Ships or Vessels fitted out from Ireland* to the Bounties then existing for the

Encouragement of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be intitled to such and the fame Bounties as the like

Ships or Vessels fitted out from Great Britain, or the islands aforesaid, shall be intitled to>by virtue of this

Act.

4 XIII. And whereas Applications have heretofore been made to Parliament for the Bounty on Ships

4 or Vessels employed in the said Fishery that have happened to be loft at Sea before their Return to

4 Great Britain, and a Doubt hath arilen whether the said Bounty may be lawfully insured by the

4 Owner or Owners of such Ships; for obviating such Doubt, and for preventing any future Ap-

4 plications to Parliament for the Bounty on any such Ships,* be it declared and enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship employed, or

designed to be employed in the said Fishery, to insure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would be

intitled to upon the Return of such Ship to the Port to which the Master, and one or more of the

Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall have declared, on Oath, their Intention to return; and on the Per-

v formanc#

