230 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

theie are fi* mission or otherwise, be intitled to rank above* or to command apy Captain of a Company in the

Compand in Militia.

the Regiment. # t n, II L

Adjutants to be LX. And be it further ena3ed, That his Majesty may and shall appoint one proper Person who shall have

appointed fr< m served, or shall at the Time of such Appointment actually serve, in some of his Majesty’s other Forces, or

the Army or in any j]0(]y Qf Militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment, Batta-

embodied h ill- jjon> or Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, or Place, and such Adjutant, it ap-

R*«nk in the pointed out of his Majesty’s other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Militia, prelerve his Rank in

Army to be t>re. the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and the Lieutenant of any County,

frrvcd by Adju- Riding, or Place, may give any such Adjutant a Commission of a Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Ad-*

tarns, who m.y jutant may not have the Qualification required by this Afl for a Lieutenant or Ensign ; and it /hall be lawful

alter ’j^Com for ^ie Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer,

itniion omngh of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia raised within such County, Riding, or Place, confuting of not less

not qualified, than iix Companies, to appoint the Adjutant of such Re giment or Battalion to the Rank of Captain by

»nd may have Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served five Years in the Rank of Lieutenant, whether in the Militia, or

the Brevet Rank jn his Majesty’s other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualifications required by this A&

of Captain, &c. for Captains: Provided always, That no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless

in the Instrument granting the fame it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and w hether of the

Militia or of his Majesty’s other Forces, such Adjutant hath served in the Rank of Lieutenant, and what

was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also. That no Adjutant so

appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be

intitled to rank above, or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militii, nor shall, by virtue of

such Appointment, be intitled to receive any greater Pay than that of a Lieutenant, together with his Pay

as Adjutant.

A Paynuftor LaI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Of*

°ointedto • ^°cr cverY or Battalion of Militia, confiding of more than two Companies, when such Regi-

Batulion°of ment or Battalion is not in actual Service, may appoint a Regimental or Battalion Clerk, who shall exc-

more than two cute the Office of Pavpialler; but where the Number of Men shall not be sufficient to form more than

Companici f b«t two Companies, no Clerk shall be allowed, but the Receiver General of the Land Tax shall pay the Money

the Money i»t* necessary for such Number of Men to the Commanding Officer of such Company or Companies, which

Nnmbefto be Commanding Officer shall account with the Receiver General for the fame,

paid to the Commaadiaf Officer.

Vo Adjutant, LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Quarter

Ac. to be ap- Matter in the Militia, shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company ; and that no rerfon

pointed Captain holding* the Commission of Captain of a Company mail be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon,

Company, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Quarter Matter: Provided nevertheless. That any Battalion Clerk may

be appointed a Captain Lieutenant in any Regiment or Battalion of Mditia intitled by the Provisions or

this A& to have a Captain Lieutenant.

Half Pay Offi- LXIII. And be it further enacted. That no Officer who is intitled to Half Pay, shall be deemed or

cma ftrving »a taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Bat-

mat to7^f ^ talion Clerk, Pay matter. Quarter Matter, or Surgeon, in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com*

their°Half Pay. PanY of Militia, hut that the fame shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath directed by the Act

for punishin? Mutiny and Defer tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be takea

rby such Officer, he shall take the following Oath :

<c T A’ B. do swear, That I had not, bewccn the any

u Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half

M Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of

M save and except my Pay as Lieuterfant, Ensign, Adjutant, Battalion Clerk, Pay matter. Quarter Matter,

“ or Surgeon [as the case may fc], for serving in a Regiment of Militia.

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to intitle such Person tg

receive his Half Pay.

LXIV. And be it further enacted. That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be appointed to

the Militia in the following Proportions v (that is to say), when not in actual Service there Ihali be one Ser-

jeant and one Corporal to every thirty Men, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service,

an Addition shall be made, so that there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every twenty Men, and

when not in actual Service, there shall be one Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of one Drum-

mer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confuting of fix or more Companies, and when

the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, there shall be an Addition of one Drummet to every

Company so drawn out; and the daily Pay of every such Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, shall be as

follows; (that is to (ay), to every Serjeant one. Shilling, to every Corporal eight Pence, and to every

Drummer six Pence; and such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be new cloathed, when not

inadual Service, once in two Years: And all Serjeants and Corporals /hall take the following Oath;

(that is to lay),

« * 1 A. B»

Form of Oath

Co be taken by

such Oficcra.

Proportion of

Honcommif-

ftooed Officers

ana Drummer*,

when the Mili-

tia ia not on

odual Service,

and their Pay,

