t6o

Preamble.

% From July » 5,

17^6, in *ddi-

tional Duty of

6 f. per Barrel

to be paid for

Swee<» made

from foieign

Materials.

Additional Du-

ties »o be paid

as former Duties

arc.

Additional Duty

to be < harg-able

>*ith the five per

Cent? Sec,

grafted by

Act 19 Geo. 3.

c. 25. j and

Act 21 Geo. 3.

(. 17. j and

Act 21 Geo. 3,

t.66.

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer weekly, and

c ar»itd to the

Sinking Fund.

C. 74. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg ii III. A.D. 1786.

Four Stills for distilling; videlicet,

. One of those Stills for distilling Wash into Low Wines.

Another Still for distilling Low Wines into Spirits.

Also all the four Stills for rectifying and compounding Spirits.

One Low Wine Cask, for receiving Low YVines from the Wafti Still.

One Spirit Cask, for receiving Spirits from the Low Wines Still \ and one Feint Cask, for receiving

and keeping Feints.

All these Utensils are situate in my Distil House in Street aforesaid, and this Entry is for

Home Consumption [or Exportation, as the Cafe may require).

Witness my Hand, this Day of 178

A.B.

Witness

c. d.

E F

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining

the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, having taken into our most serious Confederation your Majesty’s most gracious Speech

4 to both Houses of Parliament, recommending the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the

4 National Debt; and your faithful Commons, being deiirous of attaining that desirable Object by the most

4 cafy and effectual Means, have, towards that Purpose, resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the fe-

4 vcral Rates and Duties herein after mentioned ; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that

4 it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Exellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

and Succeftbrs, for every Barrel of Liquor made within the Kingdom of Great Britain for Sale by Infusion,

Fermentation, or otherwise, from foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other

Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distineuished by the Name of

Made Wines, lor which no Duty hath been already paid, or shall be paid on or before the said fifteenth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, an additional Duty of six Shillings, to be paid by the

Makers thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty, hereby imposed

on Sweets or Made Wines, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such

Management, Penalties, and Forfeitures^ and with such Powers for recoveiing the fame, and by such

Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties on Sweets are now raised, levied, collected and paid

under the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force respecting the said Duties, as fully and

eft’edtually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties,

and Forfeitures relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated and again enacted in the Body of this pre-

sent AdL

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty herein before

granted on Sweets or Made Wines, shall be moreover subject and liable to an additional Duty or Impost

of five Pounds per Centum, of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, on the Produce and

Amount thereof; and that such additional Duty or Imposts of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per

Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and

by and under the same Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, Ways, Means, Methods, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and

five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by three several Acts of Parliament, the one thereof made

in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respefiive Commissioners of the Customs and

Excise in Great Britain ; another thereof made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the everal Duties under

the Management of the rispective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain ; and the other thereof made in the

twenty second Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional

Duties upon the Produce of the everal Duties under the Management of the rejpcfiive Commffioners of the Cuf-

toms and Excise in Great Britain ; are directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imposts and Duties

by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise for

the T ime being, and such Commissioners shall weekly, (to wit) on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not

an Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies

arising by the said additional Imposts and Duties, the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, accounting

- 6 for,

