A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 6—9. 5

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limtarto* of

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thine by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, Aftl°nu

such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and

shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the

General KTue, and give this Act: and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; Genertllflb*

and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or dh'continue h.s, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given

against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cost*^

Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry*

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of thr

Crew of the Voorberg Dutch Eajt Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Jaft Session of Parliament, intituled. An

A& for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain for repealing

several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu

thereof.

WHEREAS several Duties were granted upon Shops, by an Act made in the last Session of Par-

liament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain: *5 GEO.3.C. 30*-

And whereas we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal bubjefts, the Commons of Great Britain, in

c Parliament assembled, do think: it will be lor the Advantage of the Publigk to repeal the Duties upon

‘ Shops, the* yearly Rent or Value whereof shall be under thirty Pounds, and to grant unto your Majesty

the several new Duties herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Ules and Purposes which the said Duties

formerly* granted arc now applicable unto we do therefore roost humbly beseech your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and1 with the Advice arid

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred From April

and eighty fix, all the Duties granted by the said Act (except the Duty thereby charged on any House, or ,"86-a11 Dul,e*

other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of thirty Pounds, and upwards) Hull cease, determine, H^use^noc11

and be no longer paid or payable; except only such Monies as shall become due in respect of the said Duties ^th 301° per

ailefled at any Time on or before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred'and eighty-six, and Ann. repealed.,

which shall be in arrear and unpaid*

H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April jfew Dutiei.

one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain, the several and respective Duties upon Shops

herein after mentioned j that is to say.

For every House, or other Building* now or hereafter to be erected, any Part of which shall, for the Forerery Hoofr*.

Time being, be used as a Shop, publicly kept open for carrying on any Trade, or for felling any Goods, *nJoi

Wares, or Merchandize by Retail, and upon every Building or Place used as a Shop only, for the Pur- "fed ai»Retril

poses before mentioned, of the yearly Rent or Value of five Pounds, and under ten Pounds, the yearly Sum shop, worth s 1.

of four Pence in the Pound of such Kent or Value: per Ann. and

under 101.—4d. in the Pound.

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of ten Pounds, and under Worth 101.

fifteen Pounds, the yearly Sum of eight Pence in the Pound of such Rent or Value: un"^

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of fifteen Pounds, and Worth is 1. and

under twenty Pounds, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound of such Rent or Value: under 201 —1«.

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of twenty Pounds* and

under twenty-five Pounds, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and three Pence in the Pound of such Rent or under 251.— n.

Value: 3d.in the Pound#

And for every such House, or other Biiil<sing or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of twenty-five Pounds* Worth 251. a id

and under thirty Pounds* the yearly Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence in the Pound of such Rent or under 301 —

Value* I f. 9 d. inti*

in. Provided. ad*

! . v^.

