128

C. 64.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III* A. D. 1786,

censed a Spirit

Still of one-

four.b of it*

Content.

No Diflill r to

work without

first taking out

a Licence.

and that there be at the fame Time licensed with every Wash Sti'l, or Low Wine Still, a Spirit

Still, of a Content or Capacity not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash

Still.

III. And be it further ena<£ted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-six, no Peribn or Persons whatever shall by him, ner, or themselves, or by any other

Person or Perions whatever, employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use or Benefit,

work or erect any Still or Stills, for the diitillm?, making, or nnnufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits,

from Malt or Corn, or any of the Materials aforesaid, in Scotland, without first taking out a Licence or

Licences for that Purpose; which Licences shall be, from l ime to Time, granted by such Persons in

Scotland as the Commissioners ol his Majrily’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being,

shall authorise and appoint, and which Persons snail be under and ilibjed to the Order and Controul of the

Commissionrrs of Excise in Scotland, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord

High Treasurer, {hall declare and direct, and which Licence the said Person or Persons so to be authorised

are hereby directed to grant to all Persons who (had apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same,

ten Days at least befc,e he, the, or they shall so erect or work such Still or Stills, and first paying into the

Hands of the proper Officer v>r Excise such Proportion of tile yearly Rate or Duty hereby imposed, ac-

coiding to the Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills so to be woiked or erected as aforesaid, as is herein

after directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Di[filler or

Distillers, after obtaining such Licence as aforesaij, to prepare Wort, Wafti, or Tilts, for the Space of ten

Days before the Time fixed by the said Licence, r ir commencing Diitiliation: Provided also, That such

Di (tiller or Difitilers {hall not begin to bifid any Low Wines or Spirits, previous to the 'l ime fixed by the

said Licence for that Purpose, upon Pain of incurring all the Penalties and Forfeitures directed to be inflated

on Persons working with unlicensed Stub.

if they begin to distil before such Commencemeat.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act {hall continue in

force twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, and no loiy< r , and that all and every Person or Per-

fons wno shall take out any such Licence as aforesaid, and wno f 'l intend to continue to work any Still or

Stills, alter the Expiration of such Licence, is and are hereby 1 ured to take out a fielh Licence, ten

Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months uer t..king out the former Licence, in

Manner before directed, and to pay the like Sum upon the gianting evuy renewed Licence, as is by this

Act provided and directed in the Cafe of the original or first Licence.

VI. Provided alw?ays, and be it enacted, 1 hat ft shall and may be lawful for every Person or Persons to

take out a Licence or Licences under this Act, at any Period within the Space of six Weeks after the Com-

ipencement of this Act, which Licence or Licences {hall continue and be in force unul the fitih Day oiJu1y%

which {hall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; at which Period every

Licence taken out under this Act shall cease and determine, unless renewed in the Manner herein after di-

redlcd : Provided also, That every such Person or Perform who shall take out any Licence or Licences

within the said six Weeks after the Commencement of this Act, shall be obliged to pay in Advance for such.

Licence or Licences a rateable Proportion of the Licence Duty by this Act imposed, conesponding to the

Number of Weeks or Days that shall be to run before the said fifth Day of July, which shall be in the Year

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to take

out a Licence or Licences under this Act at any Period during the first Year of this Act, which Licence or

Licences shall be current to the fifth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-seven, and such Person or Persons, upon taking < ut such Lic- nce or Licences, shall pay*

down the Licence Duty by this Act imposed, as if such Licence or Licences had been taken out at the Ex-

piration of the said first six Weeks as aforesaid, and shall also pay per Advance such rateable Proportion of

the Duty for the Time that {lull remain of the said Licence or Licences being in force, in the Manner

herein after directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons [hall, after the said fifth Day of July one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, erect, work, or use any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or

manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any other of the Materials aforesaid, in

Scotland, or keep any such Still or Stills, without first taking out such Licence, or renewing the fame yearly,

in Manner aforesaid, he, fne, or they shall respectively forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of three

Pounds Sterling for each Gallon English Wine Mcuiure of the Capacity or Content of such Still or Stills;

and such Siillor Stills, with the whole Utenfds for brewing or manufacturing Wojts, Wafti, Low Wines or

Spirits, in the Possession of such Person or ferfons, tnail be feizeft and forfeited, and the said Still

or Stills shall be complently destroyed in the P, deuce of the Aiagistrate before whom the said Still

or Stills and Utensils shall be condemned ; which Sums shall be levied and taken from every Offender,

without Deduction or Mitigation, by any Court or Mugifttate whatever, any Act or Acts to the contrary

’ notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distillcr or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines

or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any other of the Materials aforesaid, {hall erect, work, use, or have in his*

her, or their Pofiefllon any Still or Stills, upon any Pretence whatever, in any House or Place other than

the House or Place previously entered by him, her, or them, at the proper Office of Excise, according to

the several Laws in that Behalf made and provided, on Pain of forfeiting and loling the Sum of three Pounds

Sterling,

DiAiiler? may

prepare Wort 10

Day* before the

Commencement

of Licence*, but

incur the Penal-

ties for using un-

licensed S*illa,

Licence* to be

renewed annual*

Ijr, ten Dayt be*

fore Expiration.

Licence* may be

taken out wi'hin

fix Week* after

July 5, 1786,

which «ril) con-

tinue in force

li'l July s, 1787,

Ac.

Licet* ee* may be

taken out at any

Time during the

first Year, on \ he

Terms herein

specified.

IT• I’c.’nfi’d Per-

fons iifing Stills

forfeit 3 1. for

eich Grillrn of

their Contents,

and the Sul s,

&e. to be de-

firoved.

Persons ofing

SiilU in unen-

tered Places to

forfeit 3 1. for

e ;ch Gcll r. of

tuair ConUuls,

s'

