The TITLES of the STATUTES.

16. A Act for repealing an Act, made in the second and

third Year* of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth,

intituled, An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of

the Realm.

17. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture

of Ounce Thread.

-18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

land/even hundred and eighty-eight.

19. An Act for raising a* further Sum of Money by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-eight.

20. An Act for amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth

Year of his present Majesty ’s Reign, for the Encouragement

of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further

rrovisions for that Purpose.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money to be raised by a Lottery,

22. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments: and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft

or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-

missions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Per-

fons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Ex-

ecution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Soli-

citors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Con-

' tracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for in-

demnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Mi-

litia, who have neglected to transmk Descriptions of their

Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time

limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that

Purpose*

23. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the

clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and prevent-

ing Frauds relating to the Customs 5 to the encouraging

the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in

America; to the further Punishment of Persons going-

armed or difguised, in Defiance of the Laws 9f Customs

or Excite; to the more effectually encouraging the Ma-

nufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the

allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat,

and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in

America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-

pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Co-

ionics or Plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting

the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the

Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to

prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, em-

ployed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond

the Seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running

of Goods, and the Danger of lnfeftion thereby; and to

revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing

a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to

be confirmed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages;

and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke1 s

Hydrometer.

24. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting

a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British

and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft the Duties on

the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of

I lax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by

Bankrupt!; and for continuing and amending several Laws

relating to die Imprisonment and Transportatlon of

Offenders.

25. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the

twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act for erecting certain Light-houses, in the

Northern Parts of Great Britain.

26. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Supn of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of die

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session-

of Parliament-

27. An Act for reducing the Duties on the Importation- of

certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Domi-

nions of the States General of the United Provinces9 into

this Kingdom. t

28. An Act to exempt certain Licences, granted to Sti-

pendiary Curates, from Stamp Duties.

29. An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a

further Sum of Money upon Bond.

30. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license

Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Re-

strictions therein contained.

31. An Act for appointing Cornmifiloners further to inquire

into the Losses of all kich Persons who have suffered io

their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the

Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates of Edward Henvill ir>

Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money arising

by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him

to the Crown.

33. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs

and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of

Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Do-

minions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hun-

gary Wine, Portugal and Aladeira Wine, and Wine of

the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of

the King of Spain)y and for granting other Duties and

Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise

upon foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for

charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof;

for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture

of the European Dominions of the French King, imported

directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with refoe£fc

to the Duties on white Woollen Cloths exported; and for

reserving to his Majesty the hereditary and other Revenues

of the Crown in Scotland.

34. An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of

Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating tQ

the Revenue of Customs.

35. An Act to enable his Majesty to make such Regulations

as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which

might arise from the Competition of his Majesty’s Sub-

jects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on

the Fishery on the Coasts of the Bland ot Newfoundland.

36. An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons

qualified to vote at County Elections.

37. An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or D,eeer Skins

undressed, Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-drefted, and

Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins

dreiled in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other

Duties in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty 011 Stufis

printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; al-

lowing Deer and other Skins, the Freduce of Florida^ to

he sold by Auction free from the Duty charged on such

Sales; for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue

of Excileand to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Con-

5 fumptiun

