400 C. 4, 5. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

From pafiirtg < the fifth Day of Jiily one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eightbe it therefore enabled by the King’s

Tul* Aa *0® nioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ani

an additional* Commons, in this present Parliament aflemoled, and by the Authority of the same. That there shall he

Duty of 6d. ' raised, levied, collected, and-paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every

to be pa:d for Gallon of British) Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall

!VFI7_G?lion of be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, from

and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty’s Royal Assent, and on or before the fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, an additional Duty of Sixpence; and for every

Gallon of all such Spirits of a greater Strength than one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding

three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, six Pence; and also a further Duty

proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of one to ten over

Hydrometer Proof.

llrit'fh Sp rits

citlilled in Scot-

land and brought

into any other

Fatt of ihtUnit-

cd Kingdom, of

Hydrometer I

ten over Hydrometer Proof; and for every Gall jn of a greater Strength, and not eiccftding 3 per Cent. over and above that Strength, 6 d. $ and a faith#

Duty is Preportion to its greater Strength.

Additional Dir-

ties to be paid

by the Importer

before Landing,

Ac.

Spirits actually

flipped and

cleared at the

Fort of Export-

ation before

Feb. I, 1788,

sot to be liable

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties by this Act

imposed, and also all other Duties now payable by Law for or in respect of British Spirits manufactured in

Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, shall be paid by the Im-

porter thereof before the Landing thereof, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied in the

same Manner, and under such Management, and with such Powers for recovering the fame, and by such

Rules, Ways, and Methods as the said other Duties on such Spirits are now raised, levied, collected, paid,

and applied, under the Direction of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating thereto, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, in such Act or Acts relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body

of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been actually shipped for Exportation

from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and which shall have been cleared outwards at the Custon*-

house of the Port where the fame shall have been lb shipped on or before the first Day of February one thou*

sand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall and may be landed in any other Part of the United Kingdom,

without being subject to the Payment of the additional Duty imposed by this Act; any Thing therein con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ao the additional Duty.

Additional

Duty may It

charged cn Spi-

rit* contradtrd

for previous to

the passing thil

> AO, and not

deferable till

IV. c And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made before the passing of this Act, by the Im-

€ porters or Proprietors of Spirits, for serving Persons with such Spirits to be delivered in point of Time

4 after the passing of this Act ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty’s Royal Assent, the Importers or Proprietors of such Spirits,

which shall be delivered after the said Day in pursuance of such Contrafts, shall be allowed to add the Dudes

’ hereby charged upon such Spirits, and shall be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid the fame accordingly:

Provided nevertheless, That the Parties who have contrafted to receive such Spirits, shall have the Liberty

to annul and cancel the Bargains they have entered into, in case they chule so to do, rather than pay the

said Addition of Duties.

after that Pe-

riod $ but the Parties contrafting to receive them may annul their Bargains.

CAP- V.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Sub-

jects of his Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United Sutes of America, so far as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried

on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said

United States.

Preamble- « HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

93 Geo. 3. c. 39- (intituled, An Act for preventing certain Injlrumenisfrom being required from Ships belonging to the

4 United States of America; ana to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better

4 carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects cf his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the

4 said United States); which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of

4 April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

94Cco.3-c.45. 4 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the

4 twenty-third Tear of his present Majesty, “for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on

44 Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States

44 of America,” to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in

4 America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned); the Powers given by the said recited Act

4 were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plants-

4 tions in Americay so far as the fame might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the

4 Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said

Mast mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April

4 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty.

4 third

