1

'i

I

i

i

r

i

i

344. C.13. (F.) Anno vicettmo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1787.

Brewers continued.

Upon every barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty,

hereby impoled on such Beer or Ale) which shall be brewed in that Part of Great Britain

called England by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall

fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in that Fart of Great Britain called Eng-

land, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity,

Four-pence. — — — — — — —

Upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby

impoled thereon) which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or

Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger, and lo in Proportion for any greater or

letter Quantity, "Fen-pence. — — — ' — — —

Upon every Barrel of Six Shillings Beer or/.lc or under, v.hich shall be brewed by the Common

Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or t3p out Beer or Ale, publick’y

or privately, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger, and so in

Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Three-perce. — —7 —

Upon every Barrel of Twopenny Ale, n entioned and described in the Seventh Article of the

Treaty of Union, which (nail he brewed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

and returned by the Gauger, and so in* Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity,

MALT.

For every Quarter of Malt which shall be made and locked up for Exportation, and exported ac-

cording to the Directions of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the

First, concerning Malt made for Exportation, Three-pcnCe. — —

PAPER.

. For any Quantities of Paper which shall be u(ed in the Printing any Books in the Latin, Greek,

Oriental or Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or

either of them, by Permillion of the Vice Chancellors of the fame respectively, the Duties of Ex-

cife by this A61 imposed thereon.

For any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the Printing any Books in the Latin. Greek,

Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by

Permission of the Principals of the fame respectively, the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed

thereon.

SOAP.*

Tor every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be employed,

spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the making any Cloths, Serges, Kerfeys, Bays, Stock-

ings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest

* Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wod, or in the finishing the said Manufactures, or

preparing the Wool for the fame. One Penny Halfpenny. — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in

Great Britain, in the making any Cloths, Serges, Kerfeys, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures

of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the

Materials {hall be Wool, or in the finishing the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the

fame, One Penny and One Twelfth Part of a Penny. — — —

; For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake ooap, or Ball Soap, which shall be employed,

spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the

Sale of such Linen, One Penny F arthing. — — — —

For every Bound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed

in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale of such Linen,

Three Farthings. - — ^ — — — — —

, For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used

and consumed in Great Britain on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred

and eighty-eight, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Fla* or Cotton for Sale (ex-

cept such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof),

Three Farthings. — — — — — —

STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used

and consumed in Great Britain on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred

and eighty-eight, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (ex-

cept such Starch as shall be used and consumtd in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale as

herein-after mentioned), One Penny Halfpenny. — — — —

For every Pound Weignt Avoirdupois of Starch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be

used and consumed in Great Britain in finilning new Linen in the Piece for Sale, Three-

£■

r. I d.

:o

It*

