506 C.52. Anno vicesimo o£avo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

be di (charged,

iirilefs Cause

(halt be fecn for

enlarging the

Time, 8cc.

Recognizances

to be entered

into before the

Speaker, and the

Sufficiency of the

Sureties to be

»ilo*cd or by

him, on ibe

Rrpr.rt of the

heron

mcnioned.

Sureties living

more than 40

Mile* from

London may

enter Recogni-

zance before a

Justice,

Affidavits made

before a Master

in Chancery, or

a Justice, to be

received as

Evidence of the

Sufficiency of

Sureties.

No Petition to

be withdrawn

wnlefs the Mem*

her’* Seat shall

have been va-

cated.

enlarged, the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall, if necessary, be postponed, so th3t

no such Petition shall be so taken into Consideration till after such Recognizance shall have been altered

into and received by the Speaker: Provided always. That the Time for entering into such Recognizance

shall not be enlarged more than once, nor for any Number of Days exceeding thirty.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Recognizances shall be entered into before the Speaker of the

House of Commons, who is hereby authorised and empowered to take the fame: and the Sufficiency of

the Sureties named therein shall be judged of and allowed by the said Speaker, on the Report of two Per-

forms appointed by him to examine the fame, of which two Persons the Clerk, or Clerk Assistance of the

House, shall always be one, and one of the following Officers, nqj being a Member of the said House,

shall be the other; (that is to say,) Matters of the High Court of Chancery, Clerks in the Court of King’s

Bench, Prothonotaries in the Court of Common Pleas, and Clerks in the Court of Exchequer; and the

said Persons so. appointed are hereby authorised and required to examine the fame, and to report their

judgment thereupon; and arc also hereby authorised to demand and receive such Fees, for such

Examination and Report, as dull be* from Time to Time, fixed by any Resolution of the House of

Commons.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Cafe where the Party or Parties, who

are to enter into such Recognizance, or his or their Sureties, or either of them, shall reside at a greater

' Distance from London than forty Miles, it shall and may be lawful for such Party or Parties, Surety or

Sureties, respectively, to enter into such Recognizance before any of his Majesty’s Tuftices of the Peace;

and his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to

take the fame; and such Recognizance, being duly certified under the Hand of such Justice, and being

transmitted to the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall have the fame Force and Effeftas if the feme

had been entered into before the said Speaker: Provided also*That it shall and may be lawful for the Persons

to whom it is referred by the Speaker to examine the Sufficiency of such Surety or Sureties, to receive as

Evidence, in their said Examination, any Affidavits relating thereto, which shall be sworn before any

Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or before any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace; and

such Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or Tuftice of the Peace respectively, is hereby authorised to

administer such Oath, and is authorised and required to certify such Affidavit under his Hand.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the House shall not permit any such Petition to be withdrawn,

except so far as the fame may relate to the Election Or Return of any Member or Members who

shall, fine? the same shall have been presented, have vacated his or their neat by Death, or in any other

Manner.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the Petitioner or Petitioner who shall have entered into such Re*

cognizance as aforesaid, shall not appear before the House by himself or themselves, or by his or their

Counsel or Agents, within one Hour after the Time fixed, in pursuance of the above-recited Acts, and of

this AS, for calling in the respective Parties, their Counfet 0/ Agents, for the Purpose of proceeding to

the Appointment of a Select Committee; or if the Select Committee, appointed in pursuance of the

said Acts, and of this Act, for the Trial of such Petition, shall inform the House that such Person or

Appointment of Persons did not appear before the said Committee, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or

pSeieacom. Agents, to prosecute their laid Petition; or if such Person or Persons shall neglect to renew their said

Petition within four Sitting Days after the Day of the Commencement of every Session of the fame

Parliament, subsequent to that in which such Petition was first presented, and until a Select Committee

shall have been appointed for Trial of the fame, or until the fame shall have been withdrawn by the Per-

mission of the House; in every such Cafe such Person or Persons shall be held to have made Default in his

or their said Recognizance; and the Speaker of the House of Commons shall thereupon certify such

Recognizance into the Court of Exchequer, and shall also certify that such Person or Persons have made

Default therein, and such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of such Default, and the Recognizance

being so certified shall have the lame Effect as if the fame were estreated from a Court of Law: Provided

always. That such Recognizance and Certificate shall in every such Cafe be delivered by the Clerk or

Clerk Assistance of the House of Commons, into the Hands of the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or

■ of one of the Barons of the Exchequer, or of such Officer of the Court of Exchequer as shall be appointed

by the said Court to receive.the fame.

X. And whereas, by several Provisions contained in the above-recited Acts made in the tenth and

4 eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, Sunday and Chrijimas-day are excepted from

the general Regulations of the said Aftsbe it hereby enacted, That in every such Cafe, Geed

Friday shall also be excepted therefrom, in the same Manner as if the fame had been specially excepted in

the said Acts.

XI. And be it also enacted, That if, on the Day immediately preceding any of the three following

Days, that is to say, Chri/irnas~day9 Wh'itjunday, or Good Friday, after reading the Order of the Day hr

taking any such Petition as aforesaid into Consideration, it shall be found that there are not one hundred

Members present, or that the Number of forty-nine Members, not set aiide or excused, cannot be com-

pleted, it shall and may be lawful for the House, if they shall think fit, any Thing in the above-recited

Acts to the contrary notwithstanding, to direct that the said Order shall be adjourned for any Number of

Days, and the House shall then immediately be adjourned to the Hour and Day to which such Order shall

be 16 adjourned.

Recognizances

of Petitioners

not appearing

Wore the House

at the Time

fixed for pro-

ceeding to the

xmitee, dec. to

be (ertified it to

she Exchequer.

Recognizance

and Certificate

to be delivered

by the Clerk

Atiiftantintotht

Lvch-<iuer.

G od Friday to

be excepted

from the Regu-

lations of the

recited Acts.

Xn. ‘ And

