140

Form of Con-

viction for refus-

in» to pay for

/H verrif-ments

ofthcliifpe^lori.

Tnfpf^ors may

▼ifit Slaughter*

in? Houses at all

Times,

Personsbrirging

Cattle refusing

to give an Ac-

count of them*

selves, See, may

be carried octore

a Justice.

Jufllres miy

com;n:t fufpcfl-

©d Potions,

Terfon' flat^h-

tfring Huilcs,

Set. v\ it bout Li-

cence, &c. guil-

ty oi Felony.

C. 71. ’ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

unless the Owner or Owners of such Horse, Marc, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow,

Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, shall sooner claim the fame, to certify under his, her, or

th~ir Hand or Hands to, or otherwise satisfactorily inform the said Inspector or Inspectors, that he, she, or

they sent or delivered, or caused the said Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow,

Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other such Cattle, to be delivered to the said Person or Merlons so li-

censed for the Purpose of being slaughtered or killed, the Expence of inier.ing such Advertisement or Adver-

tisements, as aforesaid, to be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Staugnt ring House or Place to such

Inspector or Insepctors; and in case such Occupier or Occupiers of such Slaughtering House or Place shall

refuse to defray or pay the fame, and shall be thereof convicted on the Oath of any such Inspector as afore-

said before any one Justice of the Peace for the County or District wherein such Slaughtering House or Place

shall beiituated, he, she, or they, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Charge of such Advertisement or

Advertisements, to be raised determined by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice as aforesaid; and the Form of such Conviction shall

be as follows:

4C yf B. is convicted, on the Oath of C. D. Infyeftor of Houses and Places for slaughtering-Horses, for

u the Parish of E. in the County of D. of refusing co pay the Sum of being the Expence

<c of an Advertisement or Advertisements (as the Ci/e may be) inferred in the Daily ddvertj'r, or (bine other

u Publick Newspaper circulated in the County (as the Caje may be), pursuant tQ the Directions of the Sta-

M tute in that Cafe made and provided.

<c Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

“ F. G.”

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Inspe£tor so appointed as

aforesaid, at all Times, in the Day or Night, but if in the Night, then in the Prelence of a Constabie, to go

to, enter into, and inspeift, any House or Place kept for (laughtering or killing Horses by any Person or Per-

ilous licensed as aforesaid; and alfoany Stable, Building, Shed, Yard, or Place belonging thereto, and then

and there to examine, Larch for, and fee if any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, h illy, Afs, or Mule, Bull,

Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are deposited or have been brought there,

and to take an Account thereof > and all and every Person and Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, having,

keeping, or using any such House or Place for slaughtering Horse?, shall, and is and are hereby directed and

required to permit and suffer any such Inspector as aforesaid, at all Times in the Day and Night, but if in the

Night, then in the Presence of a Constabie, to enter into and inspect such House or Place, and also any

Stable, Building, Shed* Yard, or Premises belonging thereto, and freely to examine, search for, and fee

any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs, or Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf," Sheep, Hog,

Goat, or other Cattle, then and there being, and to take such Account as herein before directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons wno shall offer to Sale, or shall bring

any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat,

or other Cattle, to any Person or Persons keeping such Slaughtering House or Place as aforesaid, to be

slaughtered or killed, or being dead, to be fljyed or skinned, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satis-

fadory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the Means by which the fame came into his, her,

or their Possession; or if there shall be any Reason to fuspect that such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly,

Afs, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are stolen, or other-

wife unlawfully obtained, it shill and may be lawful for the Person or Persons keeping such Slaughtering

House or Place as aforesaid, to whom the lame shall be brought or offered to Sale, and for his, her, or their

Servants, Agents, or A Aidants, and also for the said Inspector or Injectors, or his or their Servant or Ser-

vants as aforesaid, to seize and detain such Person or Persons, and also every such Horse, Mare, Gelding,

Foal, Filly, Als, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, so brougm or

offered to Sale as aforesaid, and to deliver fuert Person or Persons, as loon as conveniently may be, into the

Custodyof a Contlable or other Peace Officer, who shall, and is hereby required immediately to convey

such Person or Persons before a Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or

Place, where the Glfence shall be committed; and if such Justice shall, upon Examination and Enquiry,

have Caule to suspebt that such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, 1

Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are stolen or unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful

for such Justice to commit such Person or Persons into (afe Custody, for any Time not exceeding the Space

of fix Days, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations, such Justice shall j

be satished, or have Rea-on to believe, that such Hoifc, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Als, Mule, Bull, ,

Cow, Ov\, Heifer, Cali, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are stolen, or illegally obtained, the said j

Justice is hereby author-fed and required to commit rite Person or Persons, so bringing or offering the fame to

Sale, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or .!

Place, where n the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law. j

V 'll. AnJ be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, keeping or uling any such Slaughtering

House or Place as aforesaid, shall, at any Time from and after the twentieth Day of Jay one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-six, daughter any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, Foal or F illy, Als or Muie, or any Bull,

Cow, Heifer, Ox, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, for any other Purpose than for Butchers ,

Meat, or shall flay any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Ox, Calf,

Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattie, brought dead to such Slaughtering House or other Place, without

