124

D<*I(*en3s onthe

•dduional Stock

to be paid as on

the present

Stock.

Preference in

subscribing for

the additional

Stock may be

given to the pre-

lent Proprie-

tors, so «s not to

exceed 501. per

Cent, on the

Stock now held

by them.

If Sum fa sub-

feribed be more

than Sufficient,

a proportionable

Court of Di-

rector* may

fell the whole

or Part of the

Stock, to one

or more Person

or Petfons, with

the Content of

the Treasury*

Receiptb to be

given for Depo-

£ta, end to be

transferable by

indorsement.

Depefits to be

forfeited if Sub-

feriptions are

jiat duly paid.

Guardians may

purchase for in-

Jams, &c.

yf ublick

Preamble*

From Aug. i,

1786, no Letter

of Attorney of

0. 62,63, Anno vicesimo (exto Georgii III. A.D. 1786*

longing to them in the present Capital Stock of the said United Company ; and the fame shall, in all Respects,

be confulidated and united as one joint Stock-

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company {hall and may,

from Time to Time, make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock, as

they now do and hereafter shall and may make and pay to the Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock

of the said United Company ; the first of which said Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be

specified in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for the said Subscription by the said Court of Directors, with

such Consent ami Approbation as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to

give the Option and Preference, in subscribing for the said additional Stock, to such Persons as shall hold the

laid Company’s Stock at the 'l ime or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, as far as, and not

exceeding the Amount of fifty Pounds per Centum on the Capital Stock which shall then be held by each

Stockholder so subscribing, for all such Sums as they shall lubicribe on or before the first Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six j and in case the Subscriptions, made by them on or before the

said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall exceed the Sum proposed to be

sold at that Time, a proportionable Deduction shall be made from each Subscription; and if such Subfcrip-

tion shall, on the Close thereof, on the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six,

fall short of the Sum proposed to be sold, the Deficiency shall be disposed of toother Persons, as the said

Court of Directors, with Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

Deduction to be made from each Subscription.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

{hall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain the Court of Directors of the said United

Company, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more Person

or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of the whole of the said Annuity hereby authorisedto

be fold, or fer the Sale of the said additional Capital Stock, or for such Part or Parts thereof respectively

as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be

lawful for the said Court, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to fell

the whole, or any Part thereof, respectively, to one or more Person or Persons.

VI. And be it further enacted. That, as soon as reasonably may be after the Depositor first Payment

shall be made for the said Annuities, hereby authorised to be sold, or for the said additional Stock to be sub-

feribed fer, the said Company’s Cashier or Treasurer shall give a Receipt for the fame, and so from Time

to l ime as future Payments shall be made, which said Receipts shall be assignable and transferable by In-

dorfement thereon ; and when the first Payments shall be made on the said Annuities to be sold, and on the

said additional Stock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the Holder of such Receipt, on delivering up the

fame, shall have his or her Name entered, in proper Books to be kept by the said United Company for

those Purposes, with an Account of the Annuity Fund or the Capital Stock belonging to each Pro-

prietor, in like Manner as the Accounts of the present Proprietors of India Annuities and Stock are reflec-

tively kept.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Subscriber or Subscribers,

after having subscribed,shall fail in making all or any the Payments agreed at the respective Tintes for such

Payments, then, and in every such Cafe, the said United Company shall and may take in Subscriptions for

and fell the Annuity Fund, or Stock subscribed for by such Defaulter, to any other Person or Persons, and

all Deposits and Payments made by such Defaulter previous to such Default, shall be forfeited to, and become

the Property of the said United Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Guard-

ian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant, to purchase the said Annuities, and sub-

scribe and pay for the said additional Stock, or any Part thereof respectively, upon the Terms and Condi-

tions contained in this Act; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums by such Guardian or

Trustee, shall be intitled unto the Annuities or Stock so subscribed and paid for on his Account, and to all

Advantages in respect thereof, in like Manner as any other Purchaser or Subscriber; and the said Guardian

or Trustee, as to the Sum or Sums advanced by him, shall be and is hereby discharged in respect thereof,

fb as the Name of such Infant shall be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

IX. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall

be judicially taken Notice of as fuchx by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe-

cially pleading the same-

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages,

Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of petty Officers and Seamen

on board any of his Majesty’s Ships.

c \X7 IIE R E A S great Frauds and Abuses are daily practised in the receiving of Seamen’s Wages, not-

• V V withstanding former Acts of Parliament made for preventing the fame :* For remedy whereof, be

it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the first Day of dugujl one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, no Letter of At-

torney,

tjO ?le

