A. D. 1786. ’ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 59. 97

V. And be|it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipts of the said respective Coin- Recent* oP

missioners of Excite shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs, theCc.mmiiiion-

for such Money as they shall so pay to the said respective Commissioners of Excise ; and the Receipts of the erjS'L .^w

fcid respective Receivers General of the Customs thall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Com-

missioners of Excise, for tuch Monies as they shall so pay to the said respective Receivers Genera! ; and DifcLrge».

such Receipts shall tevcrally be allowed by the proper Officer or Officers, in passing the Accounts of the

laid respective Commissioners of Excite and Receivers General of the Customs.

VI. And be it further en2dted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Wine which shall be unshipped, wire lancet!

landed, or delivered from or out of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, before as well the Duties hereby impoled, as beto.e ihe i>o- ,

all other Duties payable in respeCI of such Wine, shall be fully paid or secured to be paid, shall be forfeited ti(r

and loft, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, and Packages containing the fame, and such Wine, Calks, cr~

Bottles, Jars, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Culloms or Excise ; therein, &cT ro

and if any Person or Persons shall unship, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or forfeit treble the

delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unshipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any Ship, Vellel, v*,uc lile

or Boat, any Foreign Wine, before as well the said Duties hereby umposed, as all other Duties payable in WiiiC*

respect of such Wine, shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure

to be hidden or concealed, any such Wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or shall receive

into his, her, or their Hands, Custody, or Possession, any such Wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as

aforesaid, he, (he, or they, knowing the fame to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid,

such Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and

lose Treble the Value of such W ine, to be estimated according to the best and highest Rate and Price

which Wine of the best Quality, of that Kind, shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture

shall be incurred.

VII. And be it further enafied by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Wine shall be imported or wineirought

brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from Foreign Parts, in Ship* of not

in any Ship, Vellel, or Boat, of the Burthen of sixty Tons or under, then not only the said Wine, but also mare ,han 60

the said Ship, Vellel, or Boat, in which the fame shall be so imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Am-

munition, 'Jackie, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or unief* such wine

Officers of the Customs or Excise : Provided always. That nothing in this ACI contained shall extend, or be for theUfeot

be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any Wine for being imported or brought into Great Britain, the Crew, and

or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Veil'd, or Boat of the Burthen of sixty oot sr?4ter in

Tons or under, or any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for having so imported or brought therein any such th.ao -

Wine (provided there be no Spirituous Liciuors on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat at the Time of such w# * pccl e

Importation or bringing of any such Wine), if such Wine so imported or brought shall be for the Use of

the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and shall not exceed the Quantity

of two Gallons for each such Seaman, or in case any Spirituous Liquors shall, at the Time of such import-

ation or bringing of any such Wine, be on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for the Use of such Seamen,

and shall be Ids in Quantity than two Gallons for each such Seaman, if the Quantity of Wine and Spiri-

tuous Liquors, taken together, be not more than two Gallons in the whole for each such Seaman.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the fifth Day of July From July

one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons shall deal in or fell Foreign Wine by i7*6,Wholdale

Whdefale, without firtt taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner herein after mentioned, before Dfzlers jn °-

he, (he, or they lhallfo deal in or fell Foreign Wine by Wholesale; and that if any such Licence shall be

taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the fame shall be granted under the cc^ *hich arc

Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being,* or of such Person or to be granted

Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the l ime being, shall from without Feei.

Time to Time appoint for that Purpose ; but if an)T such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of England

or Wales, not within the said Limits, or in the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy the fame shall be granted

under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervifois of Excise within their respeChve Col-

lections and DistriCts; and in case any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of

Edinburgh^ the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of

Excise in Scotland, for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scot-

lands or the major Part of them, for the l ime being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose ; or '

if any such Licence shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the said Limits of the City of

Edinburgh, then the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervi-'

fors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and DistriCls; and such respective Commission-

ers of Excise, or two or more of them, respectively, and the Persons so to be appointed by them, tfr the

major Part of them, respectively, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively au«

thorifed and required to grant such Licences, to the Persons who shall apply for the lame, without Fee or

Reward.

IX. And be it further. enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons shall deal in Licences to be

Foreign Wine by Wholesale, after the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out renewed an-

any tuch Licence as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons {hall take out trdh Licences, in the Man-

ner herein before directed, ten Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Months from the

Time of taking out such former Licence, and so in like Manner from Year to Year ; and that if any Persons felling

Person or Persons shall deal in Foreign Wine by Wholesale, without first taking out such Licence, and Wine without*

renewing the fame yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and x^e£l e*

26 G eo. Hi. ^ O lose

