1: A.D. 17S8. Anno vicesimo octavo Geor g 11 III. C. 46. 495

one-eighth of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, then the whole

Quantity of Wash from which such twenty-four Gallons were taken shall be charged by the proper Officer

or Officers of Excise with a Duty of one Shilling per Gallon, and which shall become payable immediately

v 0Ji such Charge being made.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said George Bishop, during the Con- Mf. Btftap not

tinuance of this Act, to carry on the Trade of distilling Geneva in any other Place or Places than those now

occupied by him for that Purpose at Maidjhne, or therein use any Stills, Backs, or other Utenliis, of larger pr€fent work-

, Dimensions than those now in use in the said Manufactory. house, tsc,

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed Duties to beim-

asshallarife in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Com- tier the Comrrif-

missioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great fiooerict Excise.

. t Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the

Time being.

-' - LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any DistiLler or Distillers, who jf more thin 19

: shall make or distil, in that Part of Great Britain called England, any Spiiits for Home Consumption, shall, Gillomof Spi-

. within the Year which shall end on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, extract « »of th«

more than nineteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every *>,renVh°f'*

hundred Gallons of Wash, within tho Time aforesaid, found in his, her, or their Custody or Poilession, he, for

(he, or they shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits foextrafted above the Proportion Home Con-*

aforesaid. fja ptijo, be

. fount extncting from 100 Gallons of Wafhf 51. per Gallon to be forfeited for the Excel;.

' ' ~ ' LXXII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,m-

-r.. f tituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low I Tines and Spirits fr

Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the

k better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain

: v ' Irnpffts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits importedfrom the West Indies, it was enacted, that within thirty

Days after the Commencement of that Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the least, the

Officers of Excise should take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw

l:; h British Spirits, Compounds, and other British'Spirits, of every Reftifier and Compounder of Spirits, whe-

ther a Maker of Spirits or not; and if on taking such Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity

: -; of Spirits for which Permits should have been granted to such Reftifier or Compounder since the Time of

: r - taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, should be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found in

v .? such Stock at the Time of taking such last preceding Account, added to the Quantity since legally made or

i'A I-*'* received by Permit, with the Allowance of thirty-five Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or

received, calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in eight under Hydrometer Proofi a Quan-

tity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excels should be forfeited and lost, and mould and

rrri? " might be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who should discover the fame, from and out

rr of meb Stock; and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess should

\ i ;:c' be discovered or found, should also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas, by the said last-

G c:^Tientioned Act, reciting, that for the making unto the Reftifiers and Compounders of Spirits, as well for

tfhat they should lawfully make, as for what they should lawfully purchase and receive by Permit, a fair

. Allowance for that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which was necessary to render their Spirits

~" it for Consumption, there should be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not ex-

7^ , u u: ceding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and thirty-five Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British

Ip-: -J pints, or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of British) raw Spirits, at the Strength of one to ten

" W Hydrometer Proof? which they should have received by Permit, or should have made according to the

: egulations and Directions of that Act; and to the Intent that Permits might not be granted for fending

u ^ it a greater Quantity of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, or Compounds, from the Stock of any

R eftifier or Reftifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of British Spirits, than that of one hundred and

r n- x: irty-five Gallons for every one hundred Gallons which he, she, or they should lawfully make or receive by

\ it was further enacted, That the proper Officers of Excise should keep an Account iji their Books

all every the Distiller and Distillers, Maker and Makers, Reftifier and Reftifiers, and Compounder

v V7 1 Compounders of British Spirits, as well of the Quantity of all British Spirits which he, she, or they should

ally make or receive by Permit, as of the Quantities of all British Spiiits for which any such Officer or

r 3 £ Ecers should grant any^Permit; and when and so often as any Officer should be called upon or required

e V-‘ - any such Distiller or Distillers, Alaker or Makers, Reftifier or Reftifiers, or Compounder or Com-

, 1 " V- tnders. to grant any Permit or Permits for the fending out of any British Brandy, rectified British Spirits,

01Vr British Spirits, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine, exceeding the Quantity which he, she, or they

. ;rJ: - J ht to have remaining in Stock, such Officer or Officers should immediately examine, or cause to be ex-

^k ned, the Stock in Hand of such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Reftifier or Reftifiers, or Com-

j, voder or Compounders, and whatever Excess should be found in Stock, such Excess should be forfeited and

the ?c\jY and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: And whereas it is expedient to

r r:c VjC ^ al the said recited Clauses J be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Yhat the said recited

V1 ‘1 e -t shall and the fame are hereby repealed: And, for the making unto the Reftifiers and Compounders

0 a v:-:G. its a fair Allowance for that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which is necessary to render

1) ic*r l ^ for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons,

#01 aiding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and forty-two Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British

jT Spirits

Chufri of *6

Go. j. c. 73.

recited.

Sect, 39*

Stft. 3*

The ’’ectffd

Cl^jifef of 26

Geo. 3. c. 73. to

be repraled.

Re&ifiers to

h<ive an .-\Uow*

ance* of 42 Oal-

lotii io the ico.

