A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 43, 44.

as their other Orders of Session are published, the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons-claiming, and

the Quantities of Hemp and Flax for which the Bounties are claimed \ and shall direct anJ ordei such En-

Quirits to be made, and such Methods to be pursued, for discovering and ascertaining the /'rath of fudi

Claims, as they shall think fit, and shall, at their then next ensuing Michaelmas Sessions, finally settle, de-

termine, and'publish the fame as aforesaid, and shall then make up a State thereof, and of their Judgements

thereupon, and transmit a Certificate thereof to the Lord High Treasurer, or ComonJioners of the Trea-

feiry for tfce Time being, praying an Issue of the Amount of the said Bounties; and the said Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any thiee or more of them for the Time being, or the Lord High Treafuier

fertile 'l ime being, shall thereupon, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue, without Fee or

Reward, their Warrants cr Orders to the Receivers of the Land Tax of the feveial Counties within which

the Hemp and Flax has been raised, to pay, without Deduction, Fee, or Reward, on the Order of the

Quarter Sessions of each respective County, Riding, or Place, the Sums appropriated for each County; and

the said Justices shall thereupon forthwith pay, without Fee or Reward, the fame to the several Pciions, or

their A (Tigris, who shall have been found intitled to the said Bounties.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grower, or other Person preparing Hemp

or Flax for Market, and who shall fell any Quantity of Hemp or Flax, within that Part of Great Britain

called England^ shall deliver to the Buyer, along with such Hemp or Flax, a particular Account of the

Hemp and Flax fold, expressing the Quantity, Place where it grew, and the Year of its Growth; and the

Seller in like Manner shall take of the Buyer a Receipt in Writing, containing a Duplicate of the Quantity

bought, the Place where it grew, and the Year of its Growth.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Claims which have already been delivered

in, but whicKTemain uniettled, shall forthwith be advertised and published by the Justices at their

next ensuing Quarter Seffiohs respectively after the passing of this A&, and shall be by them finally

settled and determined; and the Bounties so claimed and allowed shall be paid in the Manner directed by this

aa.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, shall annually make up an exact Account of

the Quantities of 4Hemp and Flax certified to them to be raised, and of the Monies paid and ifllied to

the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties, and shall annually lay the fame before both Houses of Par-

liament.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such reasonable Allowances shall be made to the

Clerks of the Peace respectively, for what they shall do and perform in their respective Offices, for and to-

wards the carrying into Execution the Purpoks of this Act, as the Justices at their Quarter Sessions shall

from Time to Time order and direct 0

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Acts of

the seventh, tenth, and twenty-first Years of his Majesty’s Reign, shall continue and be in full F orce in all

Refpedb, excepting in fb far as the fame are hereby altered or varied.

XUI. And be; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in full Force for

and during the full Term of (even Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

an Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with Rcfpeft to the Imprisonment of their

Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond

a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act,

to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Effaces for their Creditors

Benefit.

WHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the benefits of an Act, passed in the thirty-second

VV Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of glorious Memory, intimled,

An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors,

4 vubo shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Timey and for Sums not exceeding what are men-

4 tinned in the Afty to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oathy their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, to

4 several Persons who have neglected to take the Benefit of the fame, and also to several Persons who were

4 not intitled to any Benefit under the said Act :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

pretent Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act,

every Person now or hereafter in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred

Pounds, shall be intitled to such Relief as by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respeEl to the Imprisonment of their Per-

fins - and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not

exceeding what are mentioned in the Aciy to make Discovery ofy and deliver upon Oathy their Estates for their

Creditors Benefit is granted to Persons charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

one hundred rounds.

*6 Geo. III. H II. And

!

49

Name*, Ac. of

Claicnanispu j-

liffcd.

Tre^fury arc fi>

order Rece vera

cf Land 1’jb

10 issue Money

to thr Justicta

to pay the

Bcunics.

Arcr-unt of

He*np (old to ( e

dd terrri rht're-

with^andReceipt

giv-n to »hr SrI-

Irr by ihe Bujer.

AH unfetted

ki ns fh.i! 1 he

finally set'kd at

th- first Qu -rttr

Sessions >tur

pafli g this A&.

Annual Account

of H.mp raised,

and B unties

paid, shall be laid

before Parlia-

ment.

Allowance shall

be made the

Clerks of the

Pea.e for thtir

Trouble.

Recited Afl* of

7, ir, and 21

Geo. 3. conti-

nued.

Continuance of

this A£,

Preamble.

31 Geo. *.c. 28.

The Relief

granted to Debt-

ors n, texceed-

ing 100 1. by 31

Geo. a. c. *8.

extended to all

nor exceeding

200 1.

