540

Sixth Chfs.

Nominee* of

the Age of 20,

or upward*,

may be placed in

the £ 1 ft Clafi.

Annul tie* fall-

ing in by Meath

to be divided

aim ng the Sur-

vive* in the

CUfi, till each

receive* 1000I.

j>er Shaic.

Books to be.

kept in the

Offices ol the

Auditor and

Clerk of the

Pell* for enter-

ing the Names

of Annul ants.

Money for Pay-

ment of Anroi-

tie« to be applied

cut of the Chin-

Midaud t und.

Annuitie* may

be ^tiigned.

Certificates of

the Mini (ter and

Churchwardens,

ol the L’fe of

N .mine'* re-

fiHrnt in Great

Britair, or Orth

of the Ibft, to

be produced on

Application for

Auatiuci*

C. 41. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

And the Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be of the Age of sixty Years, or upwards, at the

Time of such Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in respect thereof, shall form the

sixth Class.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further ena<2ed. That if any of the said Contributors, his, her, or their

Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their appointing any

Nominee or Nominees as aforesaid, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, ngmfy to the

said Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Desire that such his, her, or their Nominee or Nomi-

nees, being of the Age of twenty Years, or upwards, may, notwithstanding such their respective Ages, be

placed in the first of the said Classes, then it shall be lawful for the said Auditor to class every fuen Nominee

or Nominees accordingly ; and such and the like Annuities, at and after the Rate of four Pounds three Shil-

lings for every one hundred Pounds and five Shillings advanced and paid, to be attended witti the like Bene-

fit of Survivorship, shall in Tefpedt thereof, in every such Cafe, be payable and paid to the Persons entitled to

the fame, during the Life or Lives of such Nominee or Nominees so appointed and classed, as if such No-

minee or Nominees was or were under the Age of twenty Years at the Time of such Nomination, and as

any other Contributor in the fame Class shall or may be entitled unto.

A XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, upon the

Death of each and every Nominee *in each respective Class, the Annuity or Annuities, which shall have

beui payable in such Class during the Life of such Nominee, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of

the Persons entitled to Annuities in the fame Class, whose Nominees shall be living, during the Lives of

their respective Nominees ; so that from Time to Time the whole respective Annuities, or yearly Sums of

Money, payable in each Class during the Lives of the respe&ive Nominees, shall, upon the Death of any

Nominee or Nominees, be divided and paid amongst the Persons entitled to Annuities in the fame Clals*

whose Nominees shall survive, until such Time as each Annuity, payable to such Persons respectively for

each Share of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings in such Class, shall amount to the Sum of one thousand

Pounds; after which Time there shall be no more Benefit or Advantage of Survivorship, nor shall any

greater Annuity than the Sum of one thousand Pounds be paid or payable to any Person or Persons in any

such Class, in respect of any such one Share of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings; but, from Time to

Time, the Surplus of the Annuities payable in such respective Class, over and above the Annuities of one

thousand Pounds payable during the Lives of such Nominees who shall survive, and also upon the Decease

of any such surviving Nominee, the said increased Annuities of one thousand Pounds shall respectively cease

and determine.

XXi V. And be it further enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer,

and Clerk of the Pells severally, there shall be provided and kept one or more Book or Books, in which

the Names of all Persons entitled to any Annuity, and their Nominees during whose Lives respectively the

said Annuities shall be payable, shall be fairly entered, and also a Book or Books in which the several Clades,

and the Names arid Ages of the Persons appointed Nominees, and the said Annuities, and the Names of the

Persons entitled to such Annuities in each Class, shall be entered in like Manner; which Books it shall be

lawful for the respective Persons entitled to such Annuity, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from

Time to Time to resort to and to inspedt without Fee or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and out of the .Monies com-

potirtg the said Fund commonly called The Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all

such Sums of Money as, before the passing this Act, shall have been directed by any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment to be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, there shall and may be applied from Time to Time at the

Rt ceipt of 'he Exchequer, such Sums of xVloney as shall be necessary for Payment of the said Annuities upon

Lives in Manner as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns,

at any Time during the Life of his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, by proper Words of Alignment

to be iivdorfed on his, her, or their Order or Orders, to be witnessed by two Persons, to assign or transfer his,

her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order or Orders to any other Person or Persons,

which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, the Officers there

shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the Book of Registry for such Orders, without

E'ec or Charge; and after such Entry made, such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his,

her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon y

and such Assignee or Assignees may, in like Manner, assign again, and so isties quoties\ and afterwards it

(h i!l not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall make such Assignment to make void, release,

or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof, and for which Alignments no Stamp

Duty shall be paid.

XXV II. And, for preventing all Frauds in receiving the said Annuities, be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors, his, her, or their Executes, A Jmi-

nistrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents, on Demand of any Half-yearly Payment of their respectwe

Shares of the said Annuities (unless the Nominee appears in Person at the said Receipt), shall produce

Certificates of the Life of his, her, or their respective Nominees, figoed by the MintlUr. and Church-

wardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be living, upon the Day when the said Half-yearly Pay-

ment shall become due, if such Nominee shall be then residing in Great Britain, or otherwise it shall and

may be lawful to and for every such Contributor or Contributors* his, her, or th$it Executors, Admim-

3 flrarurs*

