6o

Hair Powder not

exceeding x e.

per 16. in Value,

and in Quantity

not under 224

lb. nuy be fold

without a (lamp*

ed Cover, &c,

by the Maker.

Persons felling

such t'owder to

keep an Account

thereof for the

inspe£lion of

proper Officer*,

on Penalty of

mol.

Person* felling

'Ware* with the

fame Label a

second Time,

forfeit 101*

Perf'm felling

or buying Label*

to be used a fe-

cond Time, ar

buying or selling

Packet* with

such Labels,

forfeit 10 L

Tire Ponnd* per

Cent. Discount

to be allowed for

prompt Payment

of Dude*.

Notice of the

Place of vending

Articles liable to

Duty to be sent

to the Coromif-

fionera of

Stamps on Pe.

naltyof 51#

C. 49.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Time to TimediredI, and marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, or that shall have any Cover,

Wrapper, or Label, pasted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp

of lei's Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, under Pain that all and every such Person and

Persons so offending,shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered

and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to andTor any Person or

Persons, who is, are, or shall be a Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, having duly made a true Entry at any

Office of Excile in Great Britain, as required by the several Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, to

vend and fell to any Person or Persons dealing in Hair Powder, and licensed by virtue and in pursuance of

this Act, anu to and for such licensed Person or Persons to buy for Sale any Hair Powder, the Price whereof

shall not exceed the Rate of two Shillings for the Pound Weight, and packed in any Cates, Cherts, Cafes,

Bags, or other Packages, each Calk, Chert, Cafe, Bag, or other Package whereof shall contain two hun-

dred and twenty-four Pounds of such Hair Powder at the least, without affixing, or being required to affix,

to the fame, any Cover, Wrapper, br Label, marked or stamped according to the Directions of this Act j

any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwith (landing.

XlIL And be it further enacted, That every such Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, as aforesaid, who

shall vend or sell the same without Stamps, under the Powers and Directions of this Act as aforesaid, shall

keep one or more Book or Books, wherein be, (he, and they shall fairly enter in Writing an exact, particu-

lar, and true Account of all such Hair Powder which shall, from Time to 7"ime, be sold by him, her, or

them, without Stamps, and the Name and Names of the respective Person and Persons, to whom, or to

whose Use, the fame was so fold, and the particular Days and Times when the fame was so fold; which

Book and Books any Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three of them, for

that Purpose, dial! and may, at all feasonable Times, in the Day-time, view and examine, and take any

Copy or Copies of the fame, or of such Parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without Hindrance or

Molestation, under the Pain and Penalty that every Person offending in any of the Particulars above men-

tioned shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied

as herein after is directed.

XIV. And, in order to prevent any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, as aforesaid, after the fame shall

have been used in the Sale or Disposal of any Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the

said Duties, from being made use of again for the like Purpose, whereby his Majesty’s Revenue might be

lessened and diminished; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, fraudulently cut*

tear, or takeoff, or cause to be cut, torn, or taken off’, from any Wares, or other Article or Articles

aforesaid, subject to the said Duties hereby imposed, any Cover, Wrapper, or Label, marked or impressed

with any Mark or Stamp in respect whereof or whereby any Duty or Duties by this Act imposed is or are

paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, after the fame shall have been fold and disposed of, or

shall fraudulently paste, (tick, fatten, or affix, or cause to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed, to any such

Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, so fraudulently cut,

torn, or taken off as aforesaid; or shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, or cause to be uttered, vended, or

exposed to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, with such Cover, Wrapper, or

Label, which shall have been so fraudulently cur, torn, or taken off as aforesaid; all and every the Person

and Persons so offending, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XV. And, the better to prevent the like Frauds, be it also further enabled by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, wilfully and knowingly fell or buy, or give or receive any other Thing whatsoever by way of

Barter, or in Exchange for, any such Cover, Wrapper, or Labe), marked or stamped with any Mark or

Stamp in respect whereof any Duty or Duties is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, in pursuance of this Act (which hath been before made use of in the Sale or Disposal of any such

Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, liable to the said Duties), in order to be again made use of

for the like Purpose; or shall wilfully and knowingly fell or buy, or give or receive any Thing whatsoever

by way of Barter, or in Exchange for, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, subject

to the said Duties, or any such Packet, Box, Pot, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with Uich

Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which hath been before made use of in Manner aforesaid, pasted, stuck, faf-

tened, or affixed thereto; every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directecL

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the

Time being appointed to manage the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or the

major Part of them, shall allow and pay to every Person who shall be supplied with Paper Covers, Wrap-

pers, or Labels, in pursuance of this Act, after the Rate of five Pounds in the hundred Pounds upon present

Payment of the said Duty or Duties upon the said Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so to them supplied.

4 XVII. And whereas the parting on and affixing the Covers, Wrappers, or Labels on the several Wares

c or other Article or Articles, or the Inclosures thereof, in the Manner, ard under the several Rules, Regu-

4 lations, and Directions, to be made by the said Commissioners, will tend greatly to secure the said Duties

4 by this Act imposed,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every Person and Persons who shall utter, vend, or

expose to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, liable to the Duties by this Act

7 imposed.

