A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o£avo Georgii III.

C. 52*

5C9

XXIV. And be it furher enacted, That in every Cafe where the Amount of such Costs and Expences

shall have been so recovered from any Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Per-

rons to recover in like Manner from the other Persons, or any of them, if such there shall be, who shall be

liable to the Payment of the said Costs and Expences, a proportionable Share thereof, according to the

Number of Persons so liable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Select Committee, appointed to try the

Merits of any such Petition as aforesaid, shall be of Opinion that the Merits of such Petition do wholly

or in Part depend on any Question or Questions which shall be before them reflecting the Right of Election

for the County, City, Borough, District of Burghs, or other Place to which such Petition shall relate, or

respecting the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers,

who is or are to make Return of such Election, the said Committee, in such Cafe, shall require the Counsel

or Agents for the fever^l Parties, or if there shall be none such before them, shall then require the Parties

themselves to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, or

of chusing, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers, for which they respectively contend; and the

Committee shall come to distinct Resolutions on such Statements, and shall, at the fame Time that they re-

port to the House their final Determination on the Merits of such Petition, also report to the House such

Statement or Statements, together with their Judgment with respect thereto: And such Report shall there-

upon be entered in the Journals of the House, and Notice thereof shall be sent by the Speaker to the Sheriff,

or other Returning Officer of the Place to which the fame shall relate; and a true Copy of such Notice shall,

by such Sheriff or other Returning Officer, be forthwith affixed to the Doors of the County Hall or Town

Hail, or of the Parish Church nearest to the Place where such Election has ulually been held; and such No-

tice shall also be inserted, by Order of the Speaker, in die next London Gazette.

Personrpaying

Costs jT)»y re-

co\er a Propor-

tion thereof from

any o'herPersonl

liable thereto.

When the Me*

tits of Petition*

depend on Ques-

lions reflecting

the Right of

Election, &c.

Statements of

such Right to be

delivered in

Wiiting; and

the Committee

to report, with

their Determina-

tion on the Me.*

rita of the Peti-

tion, their Judg-

ment on loch ,

Statements.

Report to be en-

tered in thejour-

nals, and Notice thereof sent to the Returning Officer, &c.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time

within twelve Calc-ndar Months after the Day on which such Report mail have been made to the House,

or within fourteen Days after die Day of the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after that ill

which such Report shall have been made to the House, to petition the House to be admitted as a Party or

Parties to oppose that Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer or

Returning Officers, who is or are to make Return of such Eicftion, which shall have been deemed valid in

the Judgment of such Committee.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if no such Petition shall be so presented within the Time above limited

for presenting the fame, the said Judgment of such Committee, on such Question or Questions, shall be

held and taken to be final and conclusive in all fubicquent Elections of Members of Parliament for that Place

to which the fame shall relate, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever any such Petition shall be so presented, a Day ancj

Hour shall be appointed by the House for taking the lame into Consideration, so that the Space of forty

Days at the least shall always intervene between the Day of presenting such Petition and the Day appointed

by the House for taking the fame into Consideration; and Notice of such Day and Hour shall be inserted,

by Order of the Speaker, in the next London Gazette, and shall also be sent by him to the Sheriff or other

Returning Officer for the Place to which such Petition shall relate; and a true Copy of such Notice

shall, by the said Sheriff or other Returning Officer, be forthwith affixed to the Doors of the County

Hall or Town Hall, or of the Parish Church nearest to the Place where such Election has usually been

held.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fot* any Persons or Persons, at any Time be-

fore the Day so appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration, to petition the House to be admitted

£S a Party or Parties to defend such Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Return-

ing Officer or Returning Officers; and such Person or Persons shall thereupon be so admitted, and shall be

confideied as such to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

-XXX. And be it enacted, That at the Hour appointed by the House for taking such Petition into Const-

deration, the House shall proceed to appoint a Select Committee to try the Merits thereof, according to the

Diregions of the above recited Acts, and of this Act; and such Select Committee shall be sworn to try and

determine the Merits of such Petition, so far as the fame relate to any Question or Questions respecting the

Right of Election for the Place to which the Petition shall relate, or respecting the Right of appointing, no-

minating, or chusing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers who are to make Return of such Election;

and the Determination of such Committee on such Question or Questions, shall be entered on the Journals of

the House, and shall be held and taken to be final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Membees of

Parliament for that Place to which the fame shall relate, and to all Intents and Purposes whatever, any Usage

to the contrary notwithstanding. *

XXXI. And whereas it is amongst other Things enacted, by an Act passed in the second Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, /In A£i for the more effectual preventing Bribery

c and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, .'That such Votes shall be deemed to be

c legal which have been so declared by the last Determination in the House of Commons; which last Determi-

nation concerning any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, shall be final to all Intents and'

Purposes whatever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding be it enacted, That so much of the said Act

, as*

Persons may,

within ia

Month* after

such Report, pe-

ti'ion to be ad-

mitted to oppose

the Right of

Edition, Ac.

thereby elU-

blished;

but if no such

Peri ion shall be

presented, the

Judgment of the

Committee to be

conclusive.

Forty Day* to

intervene be-

tween the pre-

fenting and

hearing such Pe-

titions, &c.

Before the hear-

ing such Peti-

tions, any Person

may petition to

be admitted to

defend such

Right of Elec-

tion, &c.

Committee to

be appointed to

try the Merit*

of such Peti-

tions, whose De-

termination*

shall be condo*

five.

2 Geo. *. c. «4«

in Part recited {

and the fame re-

pealed in as far

a* it may relate

