Anho vicefimd sexto Georgii III.

Persons ob-

flrufting Of-

fibers tn th?'r

Duty, to forfeit

loo 1.

How Penal tie*

are to be re-

covered and ap-

plied.

Persons sued for

Penalties under

this Act, not li-

able to the Pe-

nalties of former

Acts, See,

Act to continue

in force for two

Years, from

Aug. i, 1786,

Act 24 Geo. 3.

c. 46. repealed,

except such Parti

as relate to Lards

of Ferintofh, Ar-

rears of Duties,

and Penalties.

Act 19 Geo. 3.

c. *5.5 and

Act 20 Geo. 3.

c. 5.} and

Act 21 Geo. 3.

c. 17. j and

C. 73.

A.D. 1786.

laid in the County or Place where the Fafts were committed, and not in any other County or Place, unlefe

otherwise directed by the Special Rule or Order of the Court wherein such Action shall be depending, and

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General 1 flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence

at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his,

her, or their Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plain-

tiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies

for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cafes.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker, orDiftil-

lers or Makers, of Low Wines or Spirits, or Reftifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Compounders of,

or Dealer or Dealers in, Spirits or Strong Waters, or any Workman or Servant belonging to him, her, or

them, shall ob( tract or assault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due

Execution of the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this or any

other Act now in force, relating to Dutiilers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, or to Dealers in Spirits

or Strong Waters, every such Distiller or Maker, Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer, shall, except in such

Cafes for which any other Penalty or Penalties are herein before directed, forfeit and lose, for evey such

Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures im-

posed by this Act {lull be iued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods,

as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or levied, or mitigated, by any

Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record at IVeJhninfhr; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ; an! the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform,

or sue for the same.

LXXIil. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person w’ho shall be sued or prosecuted for

any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed

for the fame Offence by any former Act; nor shall any Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any Pe-

nalty or Forfeiture imposed by any former Act, be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed for the feme

Offence by this present Act.

LXXI V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take

Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Special Commencement

is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the firltDay of Augu/l one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-six, and shall remain and continue in force, as to all such Matters and Tnings therein con-

tained, in respect whereof it is no: hereby other Wife directed, for the Space of two Years, to be computed

from that Day.

LXXV4 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the said twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, other than and except so much and such Parts thereof as vest

in his Majesty, or relate to or concern the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferintosh, in the County of

Inverncjs, or regard an Exemption from the Payment thereof, or the making of any Contract, Agreement,

or Trial, thereby authorised in respect to the said Duties or Exemptions; and also other than and except in

respect to the Arrears of any of the Rates and Duties in and by the said last mentioned Act charged, granted,

or imposed, and which, at the Commencement of this Act, shall remain due and unpaid, or to any Penalty

or Forfeiture, or Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred in respect thereof, or under or by virtue of the said

Act; and also except so far as the said last mentioned Act is not already repealed by any other Act of the

present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is, from and after the Commencement of this Act,

repealed.

4 LXXVI. And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Produce of the several Duties under the

4 Management of the respeelive CommijJiOu. rs of the Cnjloms and Excise in Great Britain^ an additional Im-

4 pod or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, was granted upon the Produce and Amount of all

4 the several Subsidies, Imports and other Duties, of what Rind or Nature soever they might be, which

4 were then due and payable to his Majesty, and were collected in this Kingdom, under the Management

4 and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Grea: Britain, for and upon any Goods

4 and Merchandizes imported into or exported from, or carried Coastvviso into Great Britain; which said

4 additional Impost or Duty was charged upon the Amount of the said former Subsidies, Imports, and other

4 Duties, after the usual Discounts and other Allowances had been made and'deducted therefrom-; and also

4 an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted to his Majesty, upon the Produce

4 and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impofitfons, and Charges (except as therein after is

4 excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the Management of

4 the respective Commissioners in England and Scotland: And whereas by another Act, made in the twen-

4 tic th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Aj for granting to his A'laj jly additional Duties upon Malt

4 and upon Low I Vines and Spirits made for Home Confirm pi ion, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great

4 Britain, and upon the Produce of the fdidfeveral Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out

4 by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, further Rates and Duties were

4 granted and imposed, amongst other 'Things, upon Spirits imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond

4 the Seas, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions by any former Act or Acts of Parliament

* thereupon set or imposed : And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his said Ma-

4 jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Atifor granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several

4 Duties under the Management of the r effective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain, a further addi-

10 4 tional

v^oooole

