222 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

ah such A£h, Matters, and Things, To done by any such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace,shall

be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been done by two De-

puty Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwith-

standing.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, as soon as

Clerk to give

Notice of Sub-

division Meet-

ings to the De-

puty. Lieute-

nants, Sc c,

When a fuffl-

eiert Number do

l>oc attend, an-

other Meeting to

be appointed

within 14 Days.

Annua] Meet-

ings to appoint

Subdivision

Meeting*, and

to require Lifts

of Persons liaWc

lo fervo.

Copies of Lifts

to be »tinted on

the Church

Door, See.

Constable* to

verify :he Lifts

upon Oath.

Subdivision

Meeting) to

amend Lift), and

males Rcturnito

the Citric, of the

General Meet-

ings.

Canerai Meet-

ings may alter

the appointed

Subdiv ihunSj&c.

Deputy Lieute-

nants to a.-p lint

what Number of

Men ftaM serve

for each Pari/h,

#c. who are to

fe; ballotud for.

conveniently maybe after any such Subdivision Meeting (hill have been appointed, give Notice in Writing

of the 'Lime and Place of Meeting to Inch of the Deputy Lieutenants who shall be resident within such Sub-

division, as he conveniently can, and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, if on

actual Service, or (if not on actual Service) to the Colonel thereof, or (in case of the Absence of the Co-

lonel from Great Britain) to the next Commanding Officer within Great Britain, and an Account of the

several Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for bailotting, and for inrolling the Militia Men within such Sub-

division; and shall, as soon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewise transmit to the Colonel or Commanding

Officer as aforesaid a List speccifying the Names, Trades, and usual Places of Abode of all such Militia Men

as are inrolled, and where there are Substitutes, the Names, Trades, and Places of Abode of the Pei foils in

the Room of whom they were inrolled as Substitutes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Subdivision

Meeting, two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, the Clerk of

such Meeting shall, by Notice to be given in Writing to all the Deputy Lieutenants within such Subdivision,

or left at their respective Places of Abode, appoint another Meeting to be held, within fourteen Days, at the

same Place where such Meeting was to have been holden, such Notice being given live Days at the least pre-

vious to such Meeting.

XXIL And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieute-

nants, at every annual Meeting to be holden as herein before directed, shall appoint the first Meetings of

the Deputy Lieutenants within the several Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places,

which laid first Meeting shall be appointed to be held as early after the twenty-fourth Day of Udober in every

Year, as conveniently may be; and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the said Deputy Lieu-

tenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the Lime and Place for a iecond General Meeting, and shall

issue out their Orders to the Chief Constables, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer

of the everal Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties,

Ridings, and Places, requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer as aforesaid, to issue an Order

under nisHand to all Constabies, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of every Parish, Tything,

or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to return to the

Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places, and on the Days appointed at the first

General Meeting in every Year, fair and true Lifts in W riting of the Names of all the i\Ien usually and at that

'Lime dwelling within their respective Parishes, Tythings, and Places, between the Ages of eighteen and

forty-five Years, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and where the true Names of such

Persons cannot be procured, the common Appellation of such Persons shall be diffident, and distinguishing

which of the Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as Militia

Men, having first affixed a true Copy of every such Lift on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to

every such Parish, Tything, or Place, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto)

on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereto adjoining, on some Sunday Morning

before they shall make such Return, which Sunday shall be three Days at the least before the said Meeting,

and also Notice in Writing, at the Bottom of the said Copy of every such Lift, of the Day and Place of such

Meeting, and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will

be afterward received; and on the Days, and at the Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid, for the

Returns of the Lifts, the Constabies, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers respectively, shall

attend and verify the said Returns upon Oath; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of

them, assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall (after hearing any Person who shall think himself ag-

grieved by having his Nameinferted in any such Lift, or by the Omission of any other Name) direct such

Lift to be amended, as the Cafe shall require, and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this Act re-

spectively excepted from serving in the Militia to be struck out of the said Lift, and shall appoint the Times

and Places for their second Meetings, within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the

General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates under their Hands of the Number

of Men in each Parish, Tything, or Place specified in the Lift so amended, and the fame shall be filed by the

Clerk for the Ufa of the General Meetings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, together with'

any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any Lieutenant,

any five or more Deputy Lieutenants, may, at any General Meeting holden as before directed, alter the ap-

pointed Subdivisions within such County, Riding, or Place, if they shall fee Occafioti; and also may alter

the eft.iblished Allotment of the Number of Men in each relpective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or

other Division, to serve in the Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men by this Act directed to be

raised for such County, Riding, or Place, according to the Numbers contained in such respective Certificates

last received from theleveral Subdivision Meetings.

XXIV. And be it furfficr enaited. That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their said second Meeting,

W'ithin any Subdivillomas aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything,.

and Place within such Subdivision, in Proportion to toe Number last appointed, in the Manner herein before

directed, at a General Meeting, to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, and

shall appoint another Meeting-to be holden, within three Weeks from the Day cm which such Meeting was

holden,.

.

