426 C. 33.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation of any Wine, whereon

the Duties of Excise charged and imposed by this Act shall have been duly paid, there shall be paid or allowed

to the Exporter or Exporters the several and respective Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise-herein-after men-

tioned; that is to say.

On the E*f>ort-

§ i‘«n Wine

for which the

- f Excise

have been

the f\ Lowing Drawbacks to be allowed 1

For every Ton

(except French

Win*-, fee.) ex«

yorfed to any

B' iti/h Colony

in America, or

Bri'ilh Settle-

jnen* in 'he Raft

Indies, 14 1. 75.

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except Wine of the Produce of

the European Domini ms of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Huigay Wine, Portugal and Madeira

Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, for which all

the Duties hereby imposed in re I pc el thereof shall have been p.-id, and which shall he exported from Great

Britain as Meichandize to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the

East Indies, and (o in Proportion for any greater or idler Quantity, a Drawback of fourteen Pounds and

seven Shillings: '

and for every . For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before

Ton expor ed a« excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect

an rClsher F!ac° thereof shall have been paid, and whidi shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any other

bcyo°d the Sms, ^>ort or ^ace beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity, a Drawback of five

5 1. ,4 Pounds and thirteen Shillings.

Duties imposed,

nd Drawbacks

allowed, by this

Ad, to be nu>

raged to the

former Duties

were, &c. ex-

cept hereby al-

tered.

Penalties, Scc,

foi B each of

any Af\ in f* rce

©o Sep*. I, 1788,

ter securing the

Duties of Cuf-

torm or Excise,

to extend 10 this

Act.

Acts in force on

Sept. 1, 1788,

for securing the

Duties of Cuf-

toms and Excise,

Jfcc. to continue

in lorce.

From July

1788, the Dutiei

Jrrpofd by ’he

recited on

foreign green

Glass Bottles

imported, to

cease, sod in lien

thereof, there

shall be p«id an

additional Duty

on Customt of

41. n*. for

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Customs and

Excise by this Act charged and imposed, and the several Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise

by this A£1 allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered,

paid, recovered, and allowed (except where any Alteration isexprcssly made by this Act), in such and the

like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties of

Customs and Excise upon Wine, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuitums and Excise upon Wine, were or

might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, anJ allowed; and the

said Wine, so by this Act respectively made liable to trie Payment of, or chargeable with. Duties of Cuf-

toms and Excise, or so entitled to Drawback Duties of Customs and Excise, according to the Directions uf

tins Act, shall b *, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regu-

lations, Rules, Redactions, and Forfeitures 'respectively. to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in

general were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the

said hr ft Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, respecting the Revenue of Customs

and Excise (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act); and all and every Pain, Penalty,

Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever, committed again(t,.or

in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the first Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, made for securing the Duties of Customs and Excise, or for

the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained

(unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and

shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several Duties of

Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs and Excise, hereby charged and allowed upon

Wine respectively, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every

-the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures were par-

ticularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Act of Parliament in force on

and immediately before the fiiftDay of September one thousand (even hundred and eighty-eight, by which

any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions, were made, established, or directed for the better fe-

curing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or for the regular Importation into, or Exportation from. Great

Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the same Kingdom, or the en-

tering, landing, or shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever (except where any Altera-

tion is exprdsly made by this Act), shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect,

and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully and ef-

fedtuuliy as if they had been repealed and re-enacted in this present Act.

EX. ‘And whereas by the said Act made and passed in the said twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

c present Majesty, certain Duties of Customs and Excise are respectively charged and imposed on foreign

4 green Glass Bottles, imported or brought into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the Duties

4 of Excise granted by the said Act, should be repealed, and that an additional Duty of Customs should

4 be charged and imposed'upon foreign green Glass Bottles, imported or brought into this Kingdom :* Be it

therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the Duties of Excise, charged and imposed by the said recited Act

upon foreign green Glass Bottles imported or brought into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save

and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively,

which may, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, remain unpaid, or to

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which

shall have been incurred at any Time before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight; and that there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paia to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, an additional Duty of Customs of four Shillings and

8 one

