A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III, C. 71.

taking out such Licence, or without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or shall daughter,’kill, or flay the fame,

a any Time or 'Limes other than and except within the Hours herein before limited, or shall not delay

slaughtering or killing the fame, according to the Direction of lucn Inspector so authorised to prohibit the

fame as aforesaid, such Person or Perfous so offending ineither of the said Cafes, being thereof convicted, shall

be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of Felony, and shall be puni filed by bine and imprisonment,

and such Corporal Punishment, by publick or private Whipping, or shall be transported beyond the Seas for

any Time not exceeding seven Years, as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried

and convicted shall direct.

‘IX. And whereas divers ill-disposed Persons keeping such Slaughtering Houses and Places as aforesaid,

4 have, in order to prevent Enquiry and Detection, made a Practice of throwing the Hides of Horles and

4 other Cattle into Lime Pits, or otherwise immersing in or rubbing the fame witu Lime, or Come other cor-

c rofive Matter*/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, keeping

4>r using any such Slaughtering House or Place as aforesaid, shall, at any 'l ime from and after the twentieth

^Day o r July one thoukmd seven hundred and eighty-six, throw into any Lune Pit or Lime Pits, or otherwise

immerse in Lime, or any Preparation thereof, or rub therewith, or with any other corrosive Matter, or de-

ft roy or bury the Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule,

Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, by him, her, or them slaughtered,

killed. Or flayed, or shall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, for which no Punishment or Penalty is

expressly provided or declared, such Per Ion or Persons, being convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be guilty of a Mifdemearior, and shall be punimed by Fine and imprisonment, and such Cor-

poral Punishment, by publick or private Whipping, as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders

shall be tried and convicted shall diredh

X. And be it further enadtnd, That if any Person or Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, shall make, or cause

to be made, any false Entry in any such Book, by him, her, or them to be kept as aforesaid, of any Matter

or Matters, Thing or Things, so required by him, her, or them to be made in such Book as aforesaid, he,

ihe, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the Oath of two credible Witnesses, before any one Justice of

the Peace for the County, Riding, Franchise, or Distridf wherein such Slaughtering House or Place shall be

situated (which said Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of

such Justice (the Surplus arising from such Distress and Sale, after the Deduction of the Charges thereof, to

bereftored), one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be forthwith

paid or transmitted, by the said Justice, to the Overseers of the Poor, or one of them, for the Use of the

Foor of the Parish wherein such Offender or Offenders shall reside; and in case such Offender or Offenders

shall not have Effects to the Amount of the said Penalty, it shall be lawful for such Justice, after Sale and

Application as aforesaid of such Effedfs as shall be found, to commit him, her, or them to the House of Cor-

rection, there to be confined to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one

Month.

XL And be it further enacted, That a Conviction for any such Offence, in the Tenor or to the Effect fol-

lowing, shall be good to all intents and Purposes:

44 gE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year

44 A. B. licensed for slaughtering Horses, is convicted, upon the Oaths of C. D. and E. F.

44 two credible Witnesses, before me G. H. one 0! his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of

4C of having wilfully made, or caused to be made [as the Ci[: may &:], a false Entry in

44 the Book required by the Statute in that Cafe made and provided, to be kept by the said A. B. whereby

44 he [(he, or they] has [or have] forfeited the Sum of

44 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written.”

Ht

Person» destroy-

ing Hide1, &c.

to be deemed

guilty of Mif-

deiLCJUiori.

Person* making

false Entries, li-

able to Penalty,

&Ci

Ferm of Con-

viction when

Penahicsaic not

paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Book and Books of all and every the Inspector and Infpcflors of Inspectors Hooka

every Parish wherein any such Slaughtering House or Place shall stand or be situated, shall be produced

at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the County wherein any such Licence session*/

Hull be granted, and delivered to the justices of the Peace at such General Quarter Sellioqs allembied, then

and there to be examined by them as they shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall occasionally lend any House, Barn, penalty on Per-

Stable, or other Place, for the Purpose of slaughtering or killing any Hoise, Mate, Gelding, Colt, Filly, fans lending

A is. Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, which shall not be killed lhc

for Butchers Meat, without taking out such Licence as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any fl^tenne.

Jluftice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Town, District, Division, or Liberty, wherein such au°* 11

^erfon or Persons shall reside, upon the Oath of two credible Witnesses, he, she, or they shall forfeit, upon

Conviction, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds;

one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the p2rish where the

Offence shall be committed; and which said last mentioned Moiety shall, upon Payment thereof, be imme-

diately transmitted by the Justice so convicting to the Overseers of the Poor of the fai J Parish, or one of

them; and m case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice shall commit the Offender to the

Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail ox Mainprise for any Time not ex-

ceeding

Goooole

