A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 78.

enafied by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall be desirous

of cutting any Piece or Pieces of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, into Remnants or Parts, such Printer,

Painter, or Stainer, shall give fix Hours Notice to the proper Officer for the said Duties, and such Officer

shall attend and fee the Frame Marks and Stamps put, as herein before directed, at both Ends of every such

Piece of Paper, cut off every such Piece or Pieces of Paper; and after having seen such Piece or Pieces of

Paper cut into Remnants or Parts, shall stamp or mark every such Remnant or Part, at each End thereof,

with such Stamps or Marks as the Commissioners for the said Duties shall from Time to Time direct,

which Sumps or Marks the Commissioners for the said Duties are hereby authorised to provide for that

Purpose.

* IX, And whereas divers Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper do frequently obtain long Delays of

€ charging the Duties upon Paper by them printed, painted, or stained, upon Pretence that they intend to

€ add some other Colour or some other Figure to the fame, and that the fame is not finished, which Delays

•* are detrimental to the Revenue;* for Remedy thereof, be it enacted byjthe Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, as soon as any

Paper shall be printed, painted, or stained with any Colour, or with any Figure, the Officer for the said

Duties shall take an Account of the fame, and shall charge the Duties for the fame, and shall stamp or seal

every Piece of such Paper, or every Sheet, where any single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at

both Ends of every such Piece or Sheet, with a Stamp or Seal, to denote that the Duties have been charged

thereon; and if any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be

removed, carried, or sent away, any Piece or Sheet of printed, painted, or stained Paper, before the fame

shall have been taken Account of, and damped or sealed at both Ends thereof by the Officer, to denote the

charging the said Duties, every such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall forfeit, for every such

Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, and all such printed, painted, or stained Paper, so removed without being

stamped or sealed by the Officer, to denote the charging the said Duties, and being found in the Poilession of

any Dealer in printed, painted, or stained Paper, lhull be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer for the

said Duties.

X. And for the better Prevention of Frauds, be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers

for the said Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such

Paper whereof he had taken an Account, and marked the fame with a h rame Mark, and shall not, upon

reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of the fame, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and

may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper with the Duties of such

Paper Co missing, as if the fame were actually printed, painted, or stained.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of

’ any such'Paper as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, keep all the Paper by him, her, or them re-

spectively printed, painted, or stained, and which shall not have been stamped and charged by the proper

Officer for the said Duties, separate and apart from all other printed, painted, or stained Paper which mall

have been stamped and charged by such Officer, on Pain to forfeit, for every Offence therein, the Sum of

fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of

Paper, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any printed, painted, or stained

Paper, or any Paper marked for printing, painting, or staining, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just

Duties thereon, then, and in every such Cafe, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred

Pounds for every such Offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Duties

shall, on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, provide proper

Frames, and such other Numbers or Marks as they shall think fit, to denote the Measure of all Pieces or

Sheets of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, and proper Stamps or Seals to denote the charging the Du-

ties thereon; and shall cause the said respective Frames, Numbers, and Marks, and the said Stamps and

Seals, to be distributed to the respective Officers for the several Purposes before mentioned ; which Officers

are hereby enjoined and required in using the fame to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that mav

be, to the Paper to be so marked or stamped; and the said Frames, Numbers, and Marks, and the said

Stamps or Seals, to be provided in pursuance of this Act, and also the said Marks or Stamps provided in

pursuance of the said former Act, may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners

shall from Time to Time think fit; and if any Person whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any

Frame. Number, or Mark, used by the Officers for the said Duties in marking such Paper, or shall coun-

terfeit or forge the Impression of the fame, upon any Paper to be printed, painted, or stained, every Person

fb offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds ; and if any rerfon whatsoever shall at

any Time counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to relemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in

pursuance of this A&, to denote the charging the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great

Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, upon any Paj>er printed, painted, or

stained, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties on such Paper printed>

painted, or stained, then every Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be

adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cales of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; and in case any

Person shall at any Time fell any such printed, painted, or stained Paper, with a counterfeit Stamp thereon,

knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time after the said first Day

of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, shall

wilfully

173

Piece* cot for

Samples must be

marked by the

Officer 00 every

Sample.

Duties to be

charged. Sec• at

soon as Paper it

stained,

and 501. Penalty

to be incurred for

every Piece of

Paper removed

before ft<«mpt,

with Forfeiture

of the Paper.

Officersto charge

the Duties for

Paper missing*

Papernotcharged

with the Duties

to be kept fepa-

rate. on Penalty

of 501.

Person* fraudu-

lently concealing

Paper to forfeit

ico I.

Commissionrra

to provide'propef

Maikr, &c.;

and the ©ffieeri

in using them to

do the least pof-

fible Damage to

the Paper.

Penalty on forg-

ing Mark.*, &c.

Terfons oblite-

rating Marks, te

forfeit 501-

