127

1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C.. 6j.

’of Seamen’s Wills*and Letters of Attorney, or Person authorised to officiate for him, in Manner above di-

iefted, every such Proctor, Register, or other Officer, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds,

and for ever after be incapable of acting as Proctor, Register, or in any other Capacity, in any Ecclesustical

Court in Grent Britain or Ireland.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall direct AbstraCts of

this Act to be printed, and that a competent Number of the Copies of the said Abstracts be delivered to the

Captain or Commander of every Ship and Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and such Cap-

tain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel by him commanded {hill be put into Sea Pay, {hall cause

one of the said printed Abstracts to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel,

and shall cause the fame to be constantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all Times be accessible to the

Petty Officers and Seamen on board or such Ship or Vessel; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby

charged and directed strictly to esquire whether the Directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing

the said Abstracts, as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or

Vessel, and not to grant such Captain or Commander his General Certificate until they are fully satisfied

thereof.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland

upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walb, and other Liquors, there

used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu

thereof.

€  WHEREAS the Mode established by the Laws and Regulations now in force, for charging and

4 W securing the Rates and Duties imposed upon Wort, Warn, and other Liquors, used, in that Pari

c of Great Britain called Scotland, for the distilling of Spirits for Home Consumption, hath not been found

4 to answer the good Purposes thereby intended within that Part of the United Kingdom, and it is therefore

4 expedient to impose, in lieu thereof, a moderate Duty upon the said Wort, Wain, and other Liauors, to

4 be ascertained by the Size or Content of the Stills there lawfully used in the making of Low Wines and,

4 Spirits, and to impose a further equalizing Duty upon such Spirits, made in Scotland for Home Consump-

4 tion, as shall be brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom ;* may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several Rates and Duties granted and imposed by any

A& or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which stand and remain discontinued or suspended, for any Time

or Term, upon any Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, or any Mixture with the lame, for extrading of Low

Wines or Spirits in Scotland* or upon the Low Wines or opirits there made or manufactured, or upon any

Licence required to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn or Malt in Scotland

(save only and except any Arrears now due in respect of such Rates or Duties),.shall be discontinued

for the Space of two Years, to be computed from me fifth Day of July one thoidand seven hundred and

eighty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

Sify one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be substituted, charged, and paid to his

ajefty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Distillers or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland) for and during the aforesaid Term of two Years, the Races and Duties following; that is to

For and upon every Gallon, EnglishWine Measure, of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still,

including the Head thereof, which mail be used or employed by such Distilfer or Maker of Spirits, for the

making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or

Liquor made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, or any Mixture with the fame, the

yearly Sum of one Pound ten Shillings Sterling:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still,

including the Head thereof, which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, for

making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of two

Pounds ten Shillings Sterling:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Capacity or Content of each and every

Still, including the Head thereof, which {hail be used or employed by such Distiller or Maker of Spirits for

making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refuted Wine, or foreign Cyder or Waft* prepared from

foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of three Pounds

Sterling:

Which feid respective Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons, and at the respective Times,

and in the Manner herein after mentioned: Provided that no Wash Still to be so licensed, {hall be

of a.Ids Content or Capacity, including the Head thereof, than fifty Gallons English Wine Measure;

and

Abflra&s of thi»

to be hung

up in every

Ship, and no

C-*> tail to have

hb General Cer*

tificare till the

Navy Board arc

satisfied it has

been done.

Preamble!

The Duties no#*

payable io Scot-

land, on Distil-

lation of Spirits,

dec.to be difeon-.

tinued for two

Years, from July,

5-1786.

From July 5,

1786, there

Hull, in lieu of

the present Du-

ties, be p,id the

fallowing, viz.

For every Still

X 1. los* annual*

ly, hr each

En ili/h Wine

Gallon of its

Con ent«, where

Briufh Materials

are ufeJ.

For each Gallon

of its Contents

si. 10s. where

Melalf-s or Su-

gar is used,

3 1. for every

Gallon where

otl er forciy n

Materials ate

used.

No Wash Still

under joGallon*

to be l.censed,

nor then, unlef*

herewith be li«

