1250 C. ii2—121. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg n III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for raising a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen,

Patroles, and Beadles, within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of

Westminster.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen9*

Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground ; and for extending the Royalty of the said

City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining,

and employing the Poor, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking,

in the County of EJpx ; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking.

. CAP. CXVI.

An Act for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester ;

and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town ; for taking down certain old Buildings now Handing

therein; and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Church of Ail Saints? in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne9

and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Folieftono?

and the Parishes of Folkejione, Cher it on, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Poshing, Lyminge? Elbam9

Paddhsworth? Acris? Swing fields and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and

Places, within the Borough of Newport?, in the ljle of IV'ight; and for the Removal of present, and Pre-

vention of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and

Places, within the Manor of Southwark? otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of lVinchefleAs Liberty, in

the Parish of Saint Savionr Soutlrwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and pre-

venting of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein ; for laying out two new Streets,

and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discon-

tinuing the raffage through Globe Alley, and for (hutting up in the Night-time the Way leading from

Clink 0treet? in the said Liberty, to the River Side.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Scr~

vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix*

^.oooole

