A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 80, 81.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for further continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, relating to the further

Punishment of Persons going armed or difguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or

Excise; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the further Punishment of Perjons going armed or disguijrd, in Defiance of the Laws of

4 Custonn or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders again]} these Laws, upo>i the lerms therein mentioned;

and for Relief of Officers of the Cujioms in Informations upon Seizures), which was to continue in force for

4 seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several

c Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his Lid late Majesty, and the fourth,

4 eleventh, and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as to so much thereof as relates to

4 Persons going armed or difguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs and Eixcise, and to the Relief of

4 Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, was continued until the twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

4 temher one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

4 Parliament: And whereas it is expedient further to continue the famed bo it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the

said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to Persons going armed or dif-

guised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs and Excise; and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in

informations upon Seizures, and all and every the Methods, Orders, Directions, Rules, Proclamations,

Penalties, Punishments, Rewards, Matters, and Things, provided, settled, ordered, directed, imposed,

given, and required, by the said A& of the nineteenth of his said late Majesty, relative to the Surrender, pro-

claiming, apprehending, harbouring, and punishing such Offenders, shall be, and the fame is hereby further

continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

4 II. And whereas it is expedient also to continue the Law herein after mentioned,* be it therefore further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was

to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for

the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by

several subsequent Acts, made in the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said Majesty *s Reign, was further con-

tinued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an A&, made

in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until

the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and which, by several subsequent Acts,

made in the thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-onc; and which by an Act, made in the twelfdi Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was amended,

andiurther continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five,

and firoiti thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the fix-

teenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and by another Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the

twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries^

WHEREAS it is of the utmost Importance to the Preservation and Increase of the Wealth, Com-

merce, and naval Strength of this your Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, that the Fisheries

of your said Kingdom should receive every reasonable Encouragement which they may from Time to

4 Time be found to require, and winch it is in the Power of Parliament to bestow: May it therefore please

4 your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with tbc Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thou-

fend seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of seven Years thence next ensuing, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a Bounty of twenty Shillings per "I on shall be

paid annually, in the Manner herein after prescribed, to the Owner or Owners of every decked Vessel, of

not less than fifteen Tons Burthen, manned and navigated according to Law, which shall be fitted out for, and

employed in thz British White Herring Fifticry,in the Manner and under the Regulations herein after directed

and provided.

a6 Geo. III. A a IL And

177

Preamble.

19 Geo. 2. c. 34.

rrc'ted; and so

much thereof as

rrlaes toPersona

going armed or

difguised, in De-

fiance of the

La ws of Customs

and Excise, and

to the Relief of

Officer* in In-

formations, to be

continued till

Sept. 29,178s.

5 Geo. 2. e. 30.

continued till

Sept. 29.1788.

Preamble.

An annual

Bounty of 20

per Ton granted

for 7 Yearr, to 1

Owners of Ships

of 15 Ton* and

upw.rdt, em-

ployed in the

White Herring

Frihery,

