I

I

I

356 • C. 27. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. -A.D. 1787;

' >• if

that he or they shall have any Interest therein, or Benefit therefrom, that such Alignment shall also be utterly

null and void. 17:..]

XVII. And be it further ena£le<i. That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be Cued,

molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any ..

General IiTue. Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Perions shall and may plead the Genenl Issue,

• and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence} and if upon the Trial a Verdi<9 shall pass 1

for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or De»

Treble Colli. fendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff i y

CAP XXVII.

An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Montego Bay and Satlt

Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island

in the Port of Roseau in the Island of , and in the Port of Nassau in the

Island of New Providence one of the Bahama islands, under certain Regulations and

Restrictions.

Preamble, re-

tiring 6 Geo. 3

«• 49.

* T T WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 VV intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Island of Jamaica and Dominic*;

14 Oeo,

and

c.19,

for the more free Importation and ^Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain

4 Duties to defray the Expences of opening maintaining, Jeeurin^, and improving such Ports; for ajcerUiining

4 the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; ml

>0.1. «.4r. 4 for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the /aid Island into any other British Colony; and by two

ai Geo. 3. « several Acts, made and passed in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 the several Ports of King (Ion, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, are

4 now open for the free Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize: And whereas it is expedient thattbe

4 said Acts should be repealed, in so far as the fame in any wise relate to the Importation or Exportation of any

4 Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to or from the aforesaid Ports, or any of them, or to the Admilfionof

4 any Ships or Vessels into the said Ports, orany of them, or to any Duties payable on such Importation,

Exportation, or Admission ; and that those Ports, together with the Port of Saint George in the Island of

- T&

^V

•scr:

From Sept. i.

1787, the re-

cited Act to be

repealed, at far

at they relate to

the Importation

4 Grenada, and the Port of RJeau in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Island of

4 New Providence one of the Bahama islands, should be opened under proper Regulations and Restrictions:*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several Acts made and

passed in the said sixth, fourteenth, and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, from

V. I4£»

;Uk

At

and Exportation and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be, and the fame are

-U

of Goods to or

from ibe Porta

therein men-

tioned, &Ci j

hereby repealed, in so far as the fame in any wise relate to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods.

Wares, or Merchandize, to or from the aforesaid Ports, or any of them ; or to the Admilfion of any Ships

or Vessels into the said Ports, or any of them, or to any Duties payable on such Importation, Exportation,

or Admilfion.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Sep-

tember, Wool, Cotton-wool. Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Fustick,

Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoifc-shell,

Hardwood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and

Cattle being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or

rica belonging to under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign, or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or

a foreign Euro- ,prccious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the fevera\ Ports d

and from that

Day, the Article!

herein enume-

rated, of the

Growth of any

Colony in Ame-

pean State, may

he imported into

the Ports herein

mentioned, in

on:-decked so-

reign European

Vefleh, not

exceeding 70 Tom Burthen.

KingJlcn, Savannala Mar ^Montego Bay ana Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George

in the Island of Grenada,the Port of Rajeau in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Island of Nho

Providence one of the Bahama islands,in any foreign SIoop,Schooner,or other Vessel whatever, not having more

than one Deck, and not exceeding the Burthen of seventy Tons, and being owned and navigated by the Subjects

of any foreign European Sovereign or State j any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

If asy Article!

not herein enu-

merated fbodld

be imported into

any of the said

Ports, they and

the VelTelf, Ac.

to be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September,

no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, except such as are herein-before enumerated, shall be imported in any

such foreign Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel whatever, from any of the Colonies or Plantations in America be-

longing to or under the Dominion of any foreign European sovereign or State, into any of the before-men-

tioned Ports, upon any Pretence whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting the fame, together with the SIopp,Schooner,

or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Sloop,

Schooner, or Vessel; and in every such Cafe the fame shall and may be seized by any Officer or OJScersof

his Majesty’s Customs or Navy, who are or shall be authorised or empowered to make Seizures in.Cales of

Forfeiture, and shall and may be prosecuted in such Manner as herein-after is directed.

19. hi

