A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 33- 425

Quantity* sent Coastwise or by Land Carriage into the Port of London or the Members thereof* or to any

Place whatever wirhin the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to the

proper OlHcers of the Customs neared to the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed, a

Duty of four Pounds and four Shillings.

tic.) sent Ci-

vile, or by Land

Carriage, within

soMiles of Lon*

don,41. 4». if

removed in a Quantity exceeding three dozen Bottles, or ten Gallons in

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation of any Wine* On the Export* -

whereon the Duties of Customs charged and impoied by this shall have been duly paid* there shall be fh*^bt*

paid or allowed, to the Exporter or Exporters of any such Wine,- the several and respective Drawbacks of anowed*ihe f©l-

the Duties of Customs herein-after mentioned; that is to lay, lowing Draw-

backs, vis.

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except Wine of the Produce of For every Ten

the European Dominions of the French King, Rhcriiyh, Germany and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira (except French

Wine* and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), which shall Wlne> &c*) j®*

have been duly imported into the Port of London, and which shall be duly exported to any British Colony

or Plantations in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback, of twenty-nine and'exported to*

Pounds and eight Shillings: » British Colony

in America, or a British Settlement in the East Indies, 29 1. 8 s.; and.

For every Ton* containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before if exported to

excepted)* which shall have been duly imported into the Port of London, and which shall be duly exported *"y o-her Place,

from thence to any Place other than a British Colony or Plantation in America, or a British Settlement in

the East Indies* a Drawback of twenty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ton, containing two hundred and tilty-twj Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before For every Ton

exceptad), which shall have been duly imported into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London), imported in*o

and which Dull be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settle- Gr^Bri*

ment in the East Indies, a Drawback of twenty five Pounds and four Shillings: |"in ^ ctr."

ported to any British Colony in America, or British Settlement in the East Indies, 25 1. 4s.; and,

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before if exported to

excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London), «ny «»tper Place,

and which shall be duly exported to any Place other than a British Colony or Plantation in America* 10 ’9*'

or any British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback of twenty Pounds nine Shillings and fix

Pence:

For every Ton* containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before For every Ton

excepted), which shall have been duly imported into the Port of London* and entered for Prizage, and imported into

which shall be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement *he PwofLoa-

in the East Indies, a Drawback of twenty-one Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence: fcrVrUage^ni

exported to any Britishi Colony in America, or Britishi Settlement in the East Indies, 211. tit 10 d.; and

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before if exported to

excepted), which shall have been duly imported into the Port of London, and entered for Prizage, and any olher

which shall be duly exported to any Place other than a British Colony or Plantation in America, or any 17 17 1

British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback of seventeen Pounds seventeen Shillings and one

Penny: -

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before for every Ton,

excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any Port of England (except the Port of London), into any other

and entered for Prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America* Jcred for Pr!«"

or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback of eighteen Pounds sixteen Shilling and ten age, and

Pence: ed to any British

Colony in America, or British Settlement in the East Indies, 18 I. 161. iod. and*

For-every Ton* containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein- if exported to

before excepted), which shall have been imported into any Port of England (except the Port of London), any o^er Place*

and entered for Prizage* and which shall be duly exported to any Place other than a British) Colony or 15 *0l*7d*

Plantation in America, or any British Settlement in the East Indies. a Drawback of fifteen Pounds and seven

Pence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September in lieu of the

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and inicead of the Duties of Excise hereby repealed, Dunes of Excise

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty* his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money* rePa,ed» there

without any Discount whatever, upon all Wine imported or brought into Great Britain (except Wine of k*11 be paid,

the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Por-

tugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King or

Spain), the following Duty of Excise; that is to say, E or every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty- ForeyeryTon

two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, of WmRimpote-

and so in Proportion for any greater or lelier Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing *t"in (er*ept

thereof, a Duty of seventeen Pounds and seventeen Shillings. French Wines,

3 K 2 VI. And 4cc.) 171.17

