120

Cerr.ficatet, &c.

In be numbered,

and an Account,

of them to be

transmitted to

the Commis-

fioneu of Cuf-

torn*.

Penalty for Ne-

gleft.

Copies of Certi-

ficates granted

in Scotland to be

annually trans-

mitted to the

Custonn-h"ufe’

in England.

Sum* to he paid

on first Regillry

of Ships built

prihr to May I,

17R6, in li u of

Stamp-dtflie',

Ire.

S»arr p-dutifi to

continue to be

paid, on Tfanf-

fers 0/ Property.

Prtey Council

teay order Ship*

to be registered,

to *hom they

have bren grant-

ed or prom i fed

in ernfidera ion

of their Seivi-

ers, though not

otherwise in-

titled thereto, ,

Itc.

Suits commen-

ced in tie Colo-

nies touching

Re?i<!en grant-

ed fir h Sh*ps

may be stopt till

his Majesty*!

Pkeasure be

known.

C. 60. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. ' A.D. 17$6.

ficer in any foreign Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, for the Infpcclion of such Officer or Of-

ficers, British Consul, or Chief British Officer, in order to satisfy him or them that (he has been properly

registered, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer at every Port and

Place where Registers and Certificates thall be granted in pursuance of this Act, (lull progressively number

the fame as they shall be severally granted, beginning such progressive Numeration at the Commencement

of each and every Year; and shall enter an exact Copy of every such Certificate, with the Number thereof,

in a Book to be kept for that Purpose ; and shall also forthwitn, or within one Month at the furthest, trans-

mit to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in London and Edinburgh, under whom they respec-

tively act, a true and exact Copy, togetner with the Number of every Certificate which shall be by him lo

granted ; and that if any such Officer or Officers shall neglect or refule so to do, he or they so offending shall^

for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall, for the second Offence, forfeit the -

Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his or their Office or Offices.

XXXVI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs in Scotland (hull in like Manner transmit, at the End of every Month in each Year, to the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England, true and exait Copies of all such Certificates as

shall be granted*by them, or by any Officer or Officers within the Limits of their Commission in pursuance

of this Act.

XXXVII. Ar.d be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of all Stamp Duties no\v

by Law impoled on such Bonds as shall be entered into by the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel

built before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or by any Person or Persons on

their Behalf, upon such Ship or Vessel being first registered, and obtaining a Certificate, in pursuance of

this Act, there shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling, and no more; and that in lieu of all P ees and Per-

quifites now payable to any Person or Persons, on the Registry of any Ship or Veliel, so built before the

said first Day oi May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be paid on the first Registry of

every such Ship or Vellel, pursuant to this Act, the following Sums, and no more ; (that is to say), By all

Ships or Vessels decked, or of the Burthen of fifteen Tons, and not exceeding fifty Tons, the Sum of one

Shilling and Sixpence, and no more ; and by all Ships or Vessels exceeding hfty Tons, and not exceeding

one hundred Tons, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more ^ and by all Ships or Vessels ex-

ceeding one hundred Tons, and not exceeding two hundred Tons, the Sum of three Shillings and Six-

pence, and no more ; and by all Ships or Vessels exceeding two hundred Tons, the Sum of five Shillings and

no more; which several Sums shall be payable to such Officers rtlpe&ively, in the fame Shares and*Propor-

tions in which the Sums now payable are distributed : Provided always. That the Stamp Duties, Fees, and

Perquisites now due and payable upon the Registry of, or Transfer of Property in, any Ship or Vessel, shall

continue to be paid as heretofore, save and except upon the first Registry, in pursuance of this Act, of any

Ship or Vessel built and registered before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

XXX VIII. And whereas, since the Conclusion of the iate War, Registers have been granted or pro-

4 mifed to Ships and Vessels not thereunto by Law intitleJ, by his Majesty’s Governors, or by the Officers of

4 his Majesty’s Customs, in consideration of Services rendered to the Public by the Owners of such Ships

* and Vessels, at the Time of evacuating the Countries, or Towns, and Ports held by his Majesty’s Forces

4 in the Countries now belonging to the United States of America, or in considerat.on of the Removal of

4 Families, to whom such Ships and Vessels belong, into the Countries now belonging to his lYlajesty : AikI

4 whereas Registers have also in some Cafes been ib granted or promised to other Snips and Vessels, by the

4 Governors of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, ifiands, and Territories, unde r Misconception of the

4 Laws relating thereto, and the Property of such Ships or Vessels has bona fide, and without Fraud, been

4 transferred to others of ms Majesty’s Subjects, who under the Protection thereof now ule and employ such

4 Ships and Vessels : And whereas ft may be therefore just and reasonable, in particular Cafes, where no

4 Fraud or Collusion shall appear to have been practised, that such Ships and Veffils shall be admitted to a

* Registry, and that a Certificate should be granted to the Owners thereof pursuant to this Act Be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and lor his Majesty, by and with the

Advice of his Privy Council, to order any such Ship or Vessel, under the Circumstances before mentioned,

to be registered, and to have a Certificate thereof, according to the Form and in the Manner herein before

described and directed, if his Majesty in his Wisdom shall think fit ; and in case any Suit ffiali have been

commenced lor the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by

Order in Council, to direct all Proceedings thereupon to be (laid, either absolutely, or upon such Terms or

Conditions as his Majesty shall think fit.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Qi^JI and may be lawful for any

Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations,

Islands, or Territories, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, in any of the Cafes afore-

said, if any Suit, Information, Libel, or other Prolecutiou or Proceeding of any Nature or Kind whatever,

shall have been commenced, or shall hereafter be commenced, in any Court whatever, in any of the said

Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories respectively, touching the Force and Effect of any Regtfter

granted to any Ship or Vessel, in any of the Circumstances aforesaid, upon a Representation made to any

such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, to cause all Proceedings thereon to be (laid,

if he shall fee just Cause Ib to do, until his Majesty’s Pleasure be known, and certified to him by his Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council; and such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Com-

mander in Chief, is hereby required to transmit to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to

be laid before his Majesty in Council, an authenticated Copy of the* Proceedings in every such Cafe, to-

gether

* kaoooole

