148

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786,

No Person to re-

move Wort from

Backs to Stills,

before being

gauged, on Pe-

ri altj of zoo l»

Ac.

Regulations re-

lative to Still

Pipet, 8cc.

Officers to take

Wort, on paying

for the fame.

Officers to keep

Account of the

Still Gauges.

Perforw fraudu-

lently removing

or concealing

Wort, to forfeit

it, and 10 s. per

Gallon on the

Quantity

Penalty of 2001.

on Distillers not

barging Wash

Stills as herein

directed, or not

working then*

off in due Time.

Worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bcna jide used for the rectifying of British Spirits for Sale by

such Person or Persons.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wort, Wash, or Tilts, or other

Liquor, or Preparation for thedistilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption,- shall be put into

the Still, or otherwise removed from the Back or Vessel wherein the fame was or were fermented, until the

fame shall have been gauged, and the Duties hereby imposed charged thereon, by the proper Officer of

Excise; and if any Distil.er or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall, contrary to the Direc-

tions of this Act, put into any Still, or otherwise remove or cauie to be lo put or removed, any such Wort,

Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor or Preparation, from the Back or Vessel wherein the fame was or were so

fermented, before the fame shall have been gauged, and the Duties hereby imposed charged thereon, such

Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and (lull

also pay double the Duty for all the Wort, Wash, Tilts, and other Liquor or Preparation so put into the Still

or removed as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or

Makers of Spirits shall have or keep any Pipe, Conveyance, or Opening, leading to his Wash Still, save

and except the known Charging Pipe or Conveyance leading from his, her, or their known and entered

Wash Back or Backs, and such Pipeor Conveyance shall empty itself in a Shute, open Trunk, or Vessel;

which Shute, open Trunk, or Vessel, shall be at a Distance not exceeding fix Feet frorn the Still, and shall

be of the following Dimensions; that is to say, At least two Feet in Length, one Foot in Breadth, and not

more than two Feet in Depth; from which Shute, open Trunk, or Veiiei, the Conveyance Pipe into the

Wash Still shall be in a straight Line, and not concealed from the View of the Officer, nor of a greater or

larger Size than fix Inches Diameter in the Clear, on Pain of forfeiting, for every other Pipe, Trunk, Con-

veyance, or Opening, erected, set up, kept, or continued, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Act, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And, to the Knd that the Officers of Excise may be able to taste, examine, and ascertain the

Quality of all Wadi, Worts, or other Liquors* intended to be conveyed into the Still or Stills of all and

every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits, all such Officers are hereby

impowered, as oftep as to them, or any of them, shall seem expedient, to take a Sample or Samples of

such Wash, Worts, or other Liquors, either in the Coolers, Walh-backs, or other Vessels whatsoever, be-

fore the fame shall be conveyed into the Wash Still or Stills, not exceeding twelve Gallons at any one Time,

from each such Cooler, Waih-back, or other Veilel, on paying after the Rate of one Shilling and six Pence

by the Gallon for the fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer of Excise shall gauge

all Wort, Wash, and other Liquor, after the lame shall have been put into the Wash Still (either for Home

Consumption or for Exportation), and keep in his Books true Accounts of the Sdll Gauges of such Wort,

Wash, and other Liquors respectively.

XX. And be it mrther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low

Wines, in the Possessionof any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, Distillers or Makers of Spirits, shall be rer

moved or taken away from his, her, or their entered Distillery, nor shall any Wort, Wash, or Tilts, be

deposited, hid, or concealed, in any Place whatsoever, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties

thereon; and when and so often as any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, shall be removed or taken

away, or any Wort, Wash, or Tilts, deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, such Wort, Wash, Tilts, and Low Wines respectively, shall be forfeited and lost,

and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and over and beside such Forfeiture, such

Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers, so removing or taking away any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low

Wines, or so depositing, hiding, or concealing any Wort, Wash, or Tilts, or causing the fame to be

removed, taken away, or deposited, hid or concealed, and the Person or Persons employed so to remove or

take away, or so to deposit, hide, or conceal the fame, or who shall receive the same, (nail severally forfeit and

lose the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines so removed, taken

away, or concealed, and the like Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Wort, Wash, or Tilts, so deposited,

hid, or concealed.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers,

and Maker and Makers of Low Wines or Spirits for Home Confutation, shall, before he, she, or they

{hall begin to draw off any Low Wines from his, her, or their Wash Still, charge the fame with Wort or

Wash made from Malt or Corn, or Mclaffes or Sugar, or with Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor, on which

the Duties hereby imposed are directed to be charged, and shall have been charged, in the Proportion of not

less than three Parts in four of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is ca-

pable of containing; and that all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Low Wines

or Spirits for Exportation, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off any Low Wines from his,

her, or their Wash Still, charge the fame with such Wort or Wash, in the Proportion of not less than four

Parts in Five of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of con-

taining; and that every Wash Still shall be worked oft Within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to be

computed from- the Time of the Officer's taking an Account of the Charge of such Still; and that all and

every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, who shall begin to draw off any Ixnv

Wines until his, her, or their Wash Still shall have been so charged in Manner herein before directed, or after

having been so charged, shall not work the fame oft' within such twenty-four Hours, he, she, or they shall, foe

each and every such Oirence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXII. AnJ

