410 C. 17—20. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Persons^g?neT- sooner paid and satisfied ; and if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved by the Judg-

to th^General ment of any such Justices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to make good the Sentence,

gaiter Seffloai. and to pay such Costs as shall be ordered in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of

the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place,

who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine

the fame ; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Ap-

pellant to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Justices of

the Peace, and also of the said Quarter Sessions, to modify and mitigate the said Penalties, in such Manner

as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such Penalties shall in no Cafe be reduced below one Hal^

and the full Costs of the Prosecution.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as

a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters

relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect

or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for

such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justices of the Peace before wdom the

Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, to and for

the Use of the Prosecutor, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means

as is he rein-before directed as to other Penalties, besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give

Evidence by Means of another Summons, under the like Penalty, or any other Means known and practised

in the Law in similar Cafes.

VIL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Thread shall be seized in pursuance

to lie upon the of the Powers contained in this Act, and it shall be alleged or pleaded that such Thread is of foreign Ma-

?rnea°^l^C rtufafture, the Onus Probandi shall lie upon the Owner of such Thread; and if the Owner of such Thread

Tferui* shall jn such proofs the Thread so seized shall be forfeited, and the Owners made liable to the Penalty

before-mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight. [3*500,000 /.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight. [2,000,000/.]

CAP. XX.

An Act: for amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty*s

Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern fVhale Fishery; and for making further

Provisions for that Purpose.

FretflaVt*. 4 \\7 HEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

»6 Geo * c to ^ VV jesty (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern IVhale Fisherycertain Premiums,

footed. * 4 for a limited Time,are allowed to twenty Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limit-

4 ations and Restrictions in the said Act contained : And whereas for fifteen of such Ships or Vessels the

4 Premiums are to be allowed, on Condition that they shall have been fitted and cleared out, conformably

4 to the Directions of the said Act, after the first Day of May and before the first Day of September one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and between the first Day of May and the first Day of September

4 in each succeeding Year, and shall return into some Port of Great Britain before the first: Day of July, in

4 the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out; and to five other of such Ships or Vessels the

* Premiums are to be allowed, on Condition that such Ships or Vessels shall have been fitted and cleared

4 out conformably to the Directions of the said recited Act, and shall fail within the Times herein-before

4 mentioned, and shall return into some Port into Great Britain in not less than eighteen Months, and not

April 15, * more than twenty-eight Months from the first Day of May in the Year in which they cleared out:

* And w^ereas ]t ]S expedient that the said recited Act should be amended, in regard to the Times when

by recited* A a * Ships or Vessels proceeding on the said Fishery are required to clear out from, and to return to Great

to 15 Ship*, 0)*H 4 Britain ; and it is also proper that further Inducements should be held out to encourage and extend the

be allowed to said Fishery May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

such at dear out King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

D«v*af»d No«i 1 P°rah anc* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That,

17$}, tod b«- 9 from and after the fifteenth Day of Aprils in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

tweeajau. i, the respective Premiums granted by the said recited Act to the fifteen Ships or Vessels as therein parti-

and Nor. i, in cularly mentioned, shall, during the Time for which the said Premiums are granted by the said Act, be

c*«»y succeeding afKj gffiowec| to such fifteen Ships or Vessels as shall be fitted and cleared out, under the Conditions,

bjSept? /tho* Regulations, and Restrictions of the said Act, between the said fifteenth Day of April and the first Day of

following Year, November, in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and between the first Day of

and the Pie- January and the first Day of November in every succeeding Year, and shall return to some Port in Greet

Britain

Penalties may

be mitigated.

Witnesses not

attending, to

forfeit 51.

Onus Probandi

^jOoq le

