19

A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 26.

poty Governor, and Principal Officer of the Customs there, testifying that such Vessel was duly qualified to

proceed on such Fishery in pursuance of the before recited Act, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of

the Reign of King Willi am the Third ; and that it has been made to appear to his Satisfaction, by a Cer-

tificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer of the District in Newfoundland where such Fish was

landed, or, where there is no Naval Officer, under the Hand and Se?l of the Commander of any of his Ma-

jesty’s Ships (Rationed there, or of such Officer as the Governor shall approve, specifying the Time of such

Vessel’s Arrival in Manner before directed, that such Vessel was intitled, by the Priority and T ime of her

Arrival, to one or other of the Bounties therein mentioned, as the Fact may be; and that the Matter and

JVIate of such Vessel had made Oath, before such Naval or other Officer as aforesaid, that the Number of

Fish taken on the first Trip amounted to ten thousand at least by Tale; that he had made two Trips

at leatt, and that all the Fiin on both Trips were catched on the Banks of Newfoundland by the Crew

of such Vessel only; which Certificate and Oath the said Governor, and Naval or other Officer as aforesaid,

are hereby impowered and required to grant and administer to the Mailer and Mate of such Vessel, without

Fee or Reward; and upon delivering up the said Certificate to such Collector, the respective Bounties there-

in mentioned shall be paid by such Collector in such and the like Manner, and out of the fame Funds, as

the Bounties herein before mentioned to have been granted by the said recited Act, made in the said fifteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

1L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in each and every Certificate of a Ship

being duly qualified as aforesaid to proceed on the said Fishery, there shall be inserted the real Number of

the Mariners then belonging to such Vessel, and intended to be employed in the said Fishery, distinguishing

how many of them are new or green Men, and whether they are hired upon Shares, or are to receive

Wages ; which Fads arc to be verified on the Oath of the Matter of the Vessel, made or taken before the

Person who shall grant the said Certificate, and who is hereby authorised and required to administer the

fame, and to insert such Fads in Rich Certificate; and if such Vessels shall be cleared out from the said

Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, then such Oath shall be taken before a Magistrate of the Royal

Court, in the Pretence of the Principal Officer of the Customs who shall grant such Certificate, the whole

to be attested by the Governor of each of the said Islands respectively ; on* Failure whereof, such Vessels

shall be excluded from the Benefit of this Act, and shall not be intitled to or receive any of the Bounties

herein before granted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Certificates to be given and

Affidavits taken in Newfoundland as aforesaid, in order to satisfy the said Governor of the said Bland, as to

the Fads to ground his Certificate thereupon, as herein before directed, for the Payment of the said Bounties,

ball and are hereby required, within the District of Saint John's, in the said jfland of Newfoundland, to be

transmiaed to the said Governor at Saint John's, before the fifteenth Day of September in each Year, and

within any other District in the said Island before the thirtieth Day of September in each Year, in order

that he may perfectly examine the Documents, and thoroughly investigate the fame, so as to be able clearly

and justly to settle the Times of the Arrivals as aforesaid of the several and respective Vessels, and adjust the

different Bounties, and to whom they are and ought severally to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Matter of a Vessel, intitled to any

of the Bounties herein before granted, shall, before he shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, make

Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer at the Port in Great Britain where he

shall arrive on his Return from the said Fishery upon the Banks of Newfoundland, that all the Men belong-

ing to his Ship who (ailed out with him, or a Number of Men equal thereto, are returned to Great Britain,

umeis any of his Crew shall have died at Newfoundland, or in the said Voyage, either on the Passage out or

Return Home, or have deserted without his Knowledge or Consent, or have been shipped in or on board Bri-

tish Vessels bound for foreign Markets; which Fads shall also be verified on Oath by every such Matter, be-

fore the said Officers or Officer of the Customs, who are respectively hereby authorised and required to ad-

minister the fame.

4 V. And whereas, by the said recited Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

c jesty, it is enacted, 1 hat no Hirer or Employer shall pay or advance to any Seaman or Fisherman, or

* either of them, during the Time he shall be in his Service, more than Half the Wages which shall at any

4 Time be due to him: And whereas in the Cafe of green Men, the Advance of one Half of the Wages

• may not always be sufficient to fit them out and clothe them for the Seafonbe it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the Hirer or Employer of any such green Men

engaged in the said Fishery, to advance to any such green Man, during the Time he shall be in his Service,

a Sum not exceeding five rounds ten Shillings, although the fame mail amount to more than one Half

of the Wages which shall be due to him, provided a Sum equal to the then current Price of a Man’s

Passage Home, not exceeding forty Shillings for each Man, be reserved to bear the Charge of his

Return Home, as directed by the fold before-recited Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign.

4 VI. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

4 Reign, it is directed. That in case any Seaman or Fiftierman shall at any Time wilfully absent himself

4 from his Duty or Employ, without the Leave and Consent of his Hirer or Employer, or the Agent of

4 such Hirer or Employer, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to work, according to the true Intent and Mean-

1 ing of his Contraid or Agreement, he (nail, for every Day he shall so absent himself, or neglect or refuse

4 to work, forfeit two Days Pay to such Owner or Employer: And whereas the said Penalties have been

4 found insufficientbe it therefore enacted. That, where any such Seaman or Fisherman shall so wilfully

absent himself from his Duty or Employ, without the Leave or Consent of his Hirer or Employer) or shall

D 2 wilfully

Matters and

Mates to make

Oath,

Colleger* of

Customs to pay

the Bounties.

Number of Ma-

riners bdonp.ig

to etch VefiVl

to be inserted in

the Certificate of

Qualification.

Certificates gi-

ven, and Affi-

davits taken in

Newfoundland,

when to be

transmitted to

the Governor.

Matters of Vef*

fcls, previous to

receiving the

Bounties, to

m^ke Oath re-

lative to the

Number of theif

Men returned.

What Proportion

of their Wage*

shall be ad-

vanced to green

Men dpring the

Time of their

Service.

Penalty on Sea-

men, fire. ab-

senting them*

selves from or

neglecting theit

Employ.

