The TITLES of the STATUTES.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cfoathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

call^ England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-filth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

nine.

16. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorise, in case of

Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn,

and Livestock, from any of the Territories belonging to

the United States of America, into the Province cf Que-

bec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint

Laurence, and the lllands within the said Gulf, and to the

Coast of Labrador.

17. An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of

Perth ; and for explaining and amending an Act, made

in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty , for repairing the Highways, Bridges, ami Ferries,

in the County of Perth.

<i8. An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the

Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County E let lions.

19. An Act: for continuing an Act made in the twenty-

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Atl for the Encouragement of the Arts cf defin-

ing and printing Linens, Cottons, Calticocs, and Muslins,

by vejling the Properties thereof in the Dcfgners, Printers,

and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

20. An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of For-

far, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the

fame.

21. An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, for erecting Piers and other (Forks for

the Security and Improvement of the Harbour o/New

Shoreham, in the County of Suiiex, and for keeping the

Jame in repair.

22. An Act to amend and render effectual an Act of the

thirty-fir It Year of King George the Second, for draining

and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the

Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam,

otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded

on the South-cajl by the Liard Lands of Ifleham, Fordham,

Soham, and YVicken ; and for impowering the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Comtany of Cenfervators of

the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell

certain Lands within the fa'td Limits, commonly called Iiv

vested Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels

navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the

Banks thereof.

23. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

Acts, passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign

of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, and

seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and

in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for rebuilding, repairing, and

amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the

County of York.

24. An Act for rebuilding the Market House of the Town

of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence

thereof, by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships

of Ghlrivlch and Bach an, in the said County.

25. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named,

and their Succcdbrs, by the Name and Style of The

Norik umber land Ffhery Society ; and to enable them, when

incorporated, to fill scribe a Capital Joint Stock for more

chfc dually supporting, conducting, and increasing such

Fishery.

26. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional

Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen ; and for

regulating their Trade.

27. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and

regulating the Streets, Lancs, and other publick Paliages

and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the

Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hajling,

in the County of Sussex \ and for removing and prevent-

ing Nuifauces. Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroach-

merits, within the said Town and Port.

28. An Act for appropriating the Sum of three thousand

Pounds, out of the uncx’naufted Balance Or Surplus arising

from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied

by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh to

publick Ules in that Part of the Kingdom.

29. An Act for providing a Worlchouse for the Use of the

Parish of Highworth, in the County* of (Tilts; and for

appointing an additional Overseer for the better Govern-

ment of the Poor of the said Parish.

30* An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an-Ad,

passed in the last Sdfion of Parliament, intituled, An Act

fir repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul,

Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex ; for repairing

and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the JauL

Church ; and for removing the present (Vatch-house* and

providing another for the use of the said Parish.

31. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad,

in the Town of Shrewsbury and County of Salop+ and

for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and

making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said

Church and Cemetery. '

32. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and

Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and Potterhanworth,

in the County of Lincoln; and in the Parish of Branftony

in the County of the City of Lincoln.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

36. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

testant Purchasers.

37. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of

Annuities.

38. An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to

Temple Street in the City of London, and also a publick

Pallage from such new Street towards (Voter Lane ; and

for (topping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or

Pafi'ages, and letting out others near to or communicating

with such new Street and Pallage.

39. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

several Acts made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, and toe

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for im-

proving the Navigation of the River Loyne, cthervvile

called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharl near the

Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lcsncaster ;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those

