238 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. ' A.D. 1786.

Militia emb#-

di -J, i» titled to

the fame Pay at

the other Forcet.

Non .commis-

fi »ncd Officer*,

&c, mairr.ed in

Service, inti’ied

to ihe Benefit of Chelsea Hospital.

dll. And be It further enacted, That, from the Date of his Majesty’s Warrant for drawing the Militia

out into actual Service, the Officers and Private Men of the Militia shall be intitled to the fame Pay as the

Officers and Private Men of his Majesty’s other Regiments of boot receive, and no other ; and if any Noa-

commissioned Officer or Private Man of the Militia shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he thall be

equally intitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hzjpital with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man be-

longing to any of his Majesty’s other Forces.

Militia, when

difsmbodird, to

be liable only to

the (Jrden they

w.-re before

{Uawn out.

The Powers,arc.

give a to Nar-

thumbf rJand, to

extend to Ber-

wick upon

Tweed, dec. and

their Militia r«

join that of Nor*

tbombciijod*

CIV. And be it further cuaflcd, That when the Militia, or any Part thereof having been so drawn out

into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men

thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Of-

ficers, Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subjeefc to the fame Orders, Directions, and Engagements-

only as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act before they were so drawn out into actual Ser-

vice as aforesaid.

CV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given, and Provisions made by this Act, with re-

fpc£t to the County of Northumberland, and the Militia thereof, shall extend to the Town of Berwick upon

Tweed, and the Liberties thereof (except only in such Cales where by this A& it is otherwise expressly pro-

vided for) ; and that out of the Persons returned in the Lifts for the said Town of Berwick upon Tweedy a

Number of Private Militia Men shall be chosen by Ballot to serve for the said Town, in the fame Proportion

with the Private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other Hundreds, Wards, and other Divisions within

the said County of Northumberland; and if Persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof,

with such Qualifications as are required for Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, within Cities and Towns

' which are Counties of themselves, the Chief Magistrate of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed fhd\\ ap-

point five Deputy Lieutenants, and such Number of Officers of the Militia^ as shall be proportional to the

Number of Militia Men which the said Town shall raise as their Quota, towards the Militia of the County

of Northtntiberland \ and the Lieutenant of the said County, and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers

and Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, for railing and training the Militia within the said County,

are hereby authorised and required to put this Act into Execution within the said Town, and the Liberties

thereof, but subject nevertheless to such Penalties as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers

of the Militia for adtingnot being duly qualified ; and that the Militia Men to be chosen for the said Town

shall join the Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together, and shall then, and also ip-

Time of actual Service, be deented Part of the Militia of the County of Northumberland. •

4 CVI. And whereas the ordering the Militia in' the Isle of Wight has always been in the Governor or

4 Lieutenant Governor of the said lfland/ be.it enacted, That after the Number of.Persons which the said

island is to furnish to the Militia of the County of 'Southampton fh$l hayt; beeo"apppint?4,;^s' by.this Act is

dire<3ed, by his Majesty’s Lieutenant and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by theXJepuJ^L^u^nants'of the said

County at large, the Governor of the said island shall appoint the Officere bfe'jja^fed ip ffie

said island, and shall and is hereby impowered and required to act in the Ex&ciitlon of in,the fame

Manner as his Majesty’s Lieutenantsof Counties ardfiereby impowered and required ft/adl, and shall appoint

five or more Deputies to act with hito in, and for the fiid ;Iflandj . which Deputies.and. Officers oT ^he Militia

shall be qualified in the same Manner, andarfe hdreby ifnpovvered and required to act in the Execution of this

Act in the same Manner, and under the .fame DiVedfions, Provisions, and Penalties, as Deputy Lieutenants

and Officers of the Militia, in the: several Counties within the Dominion of Wales, are by

]>dt to ; and the Militia of the said Iilqnd shall be raised in the farpe Manner‘as the Militia of ,tii£ County

of Southampton, and shall be deemed a Part df the Mifipa of^theTaid Co.unty ; and after the fame /halt be

so ra.fed, the said Governor, Lieutenant Govei'nbr/

and exercising the said Militia within the said'

and the Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act authonied hnd'diiycteti any % e urny, vvj thin that Fyt

of Great Britain called England; and the Militia so raised within* the said island /ft&Kbe continued aiij

remain within the said island as an internal Defence thereof, unless his Majesty ihaJl "oUapr^ilc.order and

direct. : 1 •' \ ’

CVII. And be it further enacted, That for the several Purpdfes of this^A^t, the Constablety jptfi\ Graihy

which is a Parcel of the County of Durhamy surrounded by Part of the North Riding, of tte:‘County of

Torky shall be deemed to be lituate within, and Part of the said North Riding;- and that that Part of the

Parish of Makery which lies in the County of Cornwall shall be deemed.to be lituate within, andPart of the

County of Cornwall; and that the .Town and Parish of Wokingham f hkll be ^oerned to be fituarte/ within,

and Part of the County of Berks; and that the Township of Filey fhifi^e deemed to be situate

eciks; Fifey of part of the East Riding of the County of York; and that Threapwood fhifl rbe. deemed tp. be fituatCriftithiiu

IfVwklhirc1”* anc* ^art °* ^ Parish of Worthenbury, in the County of Flint \ and that die Parish of Saint N/artin, called

Threapwood of Stamford Barony in the Suourbs of the Borough and Town of Stamfora\ on the South Sidethe Waters

Flint; and called Wellandy shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of the County of Lincoln.

Stamford Baron CVIIL And be it further enacted. That the several Towns and Places herein before mentioned, and

of Lincolnshire; deemed to be situate within, and Part of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, for the Pur-

^b« Authority P°^es of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurifilidtion and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants,

oftbeLitute- T T*^joes of the Peace, and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, within which such

»ant», &c of Towns and Places are hereby deemed to be situate: any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary not-

Hiofc Couatiff, standing^

3 ClX.ProvkW

t»oxernnr of the

Me of Wight to

appoint the Of-

ficrts, *c. for

that Mi ilia, Sec,

who art to be

qualified like

fkofe for Walcf.

To be raised a»,

and deemed ft

Fart of, the

Southampton

Militia;

and continue in

fhd Wind, un-

otherwise

ordered by hit

Majesty.

Craike to be

tlrcmcd Part of

the North Rid-

ing of Ynk-

ih\re; Maker of

Cornwall;

Wokingham of

