547

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 4?, 46.

by Law, under or by virtue of the salt! Ael, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament In force at and imme-

diately before the passing of the said Act; and that the said hist-mentioned Act, except such Parts thereof

as were exprfssly altered, controlled, or repealed by the said Act, should, from and immediately after the

fifty Day o{July one thousand (even hundred and eighty-eight, be revived and continued; and the fame

was thereby revived and continued in full Force and Effect: until and upon the firth Day of 4July one

' thousand ("even hundred and eighty-nine: And whereas it is expedient to n peal the said last-recited Clauses ;

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last-recited Clauses shall be, and tile fame

arc hereby repealed.

V I. And be it further enacted, Thrt the several Duties of Excise by the said Act, made in the twenty-

seventh Year of the Reign of his pre(ent Majesty, imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Walh,

brewed or made in that Part of Grcnt Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumpcion

from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tills, or any Mixture with the fame; and for or in respe^t of Cyder or

Perry, or other Walh or Liquor brewed or made rs aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials,

except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for HomeCon-

f umption; and for or in reflect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aiorcfaid from Meluflcs or

Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Coniuinption; and for or in rclpedt

of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign rcfulcd Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared

from foreign Materials except lYlcfafiis and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for

Home Consumption, shall be, and the fame are hereby severally and respectivciy continued from -the fifth

Hay o ('July one thousand ("even hundred and eighty-nine, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand

leven hundred and ninety; and the said Duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the

several and respective iViakers and Dillillers of such Wort, Wash, Cyder, Peiry,or other Liquor respectively,

at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as the said Duties by the said

A<5fc imposed, and hereby continued, were levcrally and respectively payable by Law, under or by virtue of

the said Act, made in the twemy-sixth Year of the Reign of his pretent Majesty, intituled, An Act to discon-

iinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Loiv Wines and Spirits for Home Corfumption,

sind for granting and Jccuring the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regu-

lation of the making and vending liriti fh Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Im-

fqjls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the W eft indies; or any other Act or Adb of Parlia-

ment in force immediately before the passing of the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of his said

Majesty’s Reign.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are repugnant to the said Act made in the twenty-eighth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the

Reign of his said Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are expressly repealed by this Act, shall, from and

immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be revived and con-

tinued, and the fame rdnectivdy are hereby revived, and shall continue in lull Force and Effect until and

upon the fifth Day of July one thousand leven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ship?, and the wilfully and

maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements

prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland.

and repealed.

Duties imposed

by 17 Geo. 3.

c. 13 on Wash

mace in En«l>-nd

for extracting

Spirit) for Home

Cor firm ptir-n, to

be continued to

July $,1790.

16 Geo. J.e. 7j.

except where

repugnant to sS

Geo. 3. c. 46.

and the Utter

Ad, except such

Parts as are

hereby repealed,

to be revived,

and continued

till July 5> 179*.

c WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, whether an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of Preamble.

his Majesty King George the First, for inf idling the P uni foment of Death on such as frail wilfully 4 0eo. 1. e. 11.

4 burn or destroy Ships; and another Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty n Geo. 1.0.29.

4 King George the First,/br explaining and amending the same; and an Act, made in the twenty-second »Coo. j.c.40.

4 Year of his present Majesty, for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk,

4 Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements pt\ pared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; do extend to that

4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in what Manner, and to what Extent, Persons guilty of the said

4 Crimes may be convicted and punished there :9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ar.d Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That if any Owner of, or Captain, Master. Officer, or Mariner belonging to any After Sept. 1,

Ship or Vessel, shall, alter the first Day of September in the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty- any

nine, wilfully cast away, burn, or otherwise destroy, the Ship or Vessel of which he is Owner, or to which ^eOroX^tny

he belonged), or in any wise direct or procure the fame to be done, with Intent or Design to prejudice any vt ird, with in-

Person or Persons that hath or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon,or of any Mer- tent to defraud

chant or Merchants that shall load Goods therein, or of any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vcllel, the Underwriter?,

Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Court competent to the >nJ be, VL

Trial of such Crimes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer Death, as in other Cafes of U^SwUnd,"

Capital Crimes. to suffer Death*

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the first *, ajf0 persona

Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, by Day or by Night, break entering forcibly

29 Geo. HI. 4 C into into toy House

^.ooooie

