2GJJ

A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. go—93.

cap. xc.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Afl for granting to his Mrjejly additional Duties

upon Salt-, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali

or Flux for Clajs, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt

to be used in manuring of Lands, as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock,

or Brine, or SeaWater, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass,

Duty free.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An Atl for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon

* Glauber or Epsom Salts; and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt ; and to prevent

Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands; it was, amongst otner Thirg?,

4 enacted, That a Duty of twenty Shillings should be payable for every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux

4 for Glass, which, from and after the twenty-second Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

* two, (hou^d be made of any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or from any Brine or Sea Water, in Great Britain,

c and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Manu-

4 fafturer or Manufacturers of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, upon obtaining such Licence as

4 directed by the said Act: And whereas great Frauds are daily committed by Persons pretending to make

4 such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, to the great Injury and Diminution of his Majesty’s Duties on

4 Salt; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the same,. That, from and after

the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, such Part of the said recited Act as relates

to the obtaining of Rock Salt or Salt Rock, Duty-free, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of

making a Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed, except as herein

after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may

be lawful to and for any Glass Maker or Glass Makers to have and take any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or

Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose only of making a Flux for GlaJs, at his or their respective Glass

Work or Glass Works, and not elsewhere, upon paying such and the like Duty, and obtaining such and the

like Licence as is in the said Act mentioned, and subject and liable to the like Directions, Regulations, Pro-

visions, and Penalties, as if they were (everally enumerated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to extend, to discharge or release any Duties due and payable, or any Seizures, Securities, or Pe-

nalties made, entered into, or incurred before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, or any Prosecution, Information, or Suit depending, or hereafter to be brought, for any Offence

or Offences committed against that Part of the said Act intended to be hereby repealed.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An Act for regulating Mad-hdufes.

[14 Geo. 3. r. 49. made perpetual.]

CAP. XCII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in

the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Seco id,intituled, c An Act for the

4 more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Pof/efion of Goods or Money, by

* false or untrue Pretences ; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods ; for the easy Redemption of Goods

4 pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Appren-

4 tices ; so far as toe fame relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the eajy Re-

demption of Goods pawned.

44 24 Geo. 3. c. 42. recited, and so much thereof as relates to the preventing unlawful pawning of Goods,

44 and the easy Redemption of Pawns, continued from its Expiration to the End of the next Session.”

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook IFatfon Esquire, late Commissary General

in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

[500/. Annuity to Brook IVatfon Esquire, for the Life of Helen IFation, his Wife.]

CAP.

Prsamble, re-

citing 21 Geo.3.

c. 39. in Part.

Fr-m Aug. j.

1786, such Part

of tec'ted Act as

relate' to obtain-

ing, Duty free,

Rock Salt, Arc.

for making a

f lux for Glafr,

to be repealed.

Glas» Maker*

may take R ck

Salt, &c. for

making a Flux

for Giaf?, at

the r own Glas*

Works, upon the

Terms of the

rrcited A61.

This Act not

extend to Dutiea

due, and Seizures

mvle, 6cc. be fire

Aug. 1, 1786.

