82

9 Geo. 2.

c. 77. further

continued until

&eyt. 29, 179*.

Act 12 Geo. 2.

c. 30. further

continued until

Sept* 29, 1792.

Act 4 Geo. 3.

c. 19. further

continued until

June 24, X790-

Act 7 Geo.,

e. 12. further^

continued until

March 25,178!*

Act 15 Geo. 3.

c. 35. further

continued until

June so, 1790*

Act 20 Geo. 3*

c. further

s c >o!inued until

Maj 3!, 1789.

Act 10 Geo. 3*

*• 39 further

continued for

fe*en Yeari from

IU Expiration,

C. 53. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the ninth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulat-

ing the Mar. ufart are of iirithh Sail Clcth \ and for the'more ejfertual fe curing the Duties now payable on so-

reign Sail Clcth imported into this Kingdom, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of

June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End.

of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several fublequer.t Acts, made in the thirteenth,

twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, and eighteenth

Y'ears of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day

of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Sd-

fion of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for granting a Liberty to carry

Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Alamfarture, cf any cf his Alaj fly* s Sugar Colonier in America, from

the said Colonies dirertly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law;

which was to continue in force for five Y’ears from the twenty-ninth Day of Sept inber one thousand seven

hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which,

by several Acts, made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign,

and the fourth, twelfth, and eighteenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until

the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Ex-

piration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one inoutand seven hundred and ninety-two, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec

in America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in force front the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term of one Year, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts, made in the sixth, thirteenth, and twentieth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the

Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, which was to be in force for three Years from the t wenty-

fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nine-

teenth, and twenty-second Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, untir

the twenty-fifth Day of Alarch one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into

this Kingdom, for a limited Time, which was to continue in force from the twentieth Day of Juno

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twentieth Year

of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, fha\l

be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twentieth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That an Act, made in the twentieth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An At1 for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl

Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof

for a limited Time, which was to continue in force until the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven

^hundred and eighty-three; and which, by another Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Ma-

jtfty’s Reign, was further continued until the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

fix, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the thirty-firlE

Day of May one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That an Act, made in the tenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several

Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, which was to continue in force for seven

Y'ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session. of Parliament y and which, by another made

