Policies of In-

furance Co he

void, if made on

Wool, Uc. Co

.Foiciga Part*

Coflnmarwkrt,

Sec. of King*a

Ships to search

Vefleh,tnd seize

such as have

Sheep, See, on

board without

a Licence*

WholjAc.whea

leieed, to be

lodged in the

King's Ware-

Louse till con-

demned}

Wool* Ac. and

VeflTeli to be

Ibid*.

end the Produce

divided as here-

in mentioned.

Penalty en

Commander* oP

Ship^ nrgle£ting

their Du.y.

Jitformers of

such Neglect to

*0 be paid 40 L

No Perform ex-

cept anOffiterof

theCuftjms.&c.

to seize Sheep

Ac. without a

Ccu&iblt*

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

Insurance Money or Premium, as he, (he, or they have or hath paid upon such Insurance or Agreement;

and in case the said Insurance Money or Premium shall not at the Time of such Discovery be a£tually paid,

then the Person or Persons so first discovering is and are hereby saved harmless and indemnified from paying

the fame, or any Part thereof, and all and every the Agreement or Agreements entered into for paying such

Monies is and are hereby declared to be null and void, and the Person and Persons so first discovering shall

also be clearly acquitted and discharged of and from the PunUhment hereby directed to be infli<3ed upon him,

her, or them, and to which he, Ihe, or they would have been otherwise liable.

XLVIII. 4 And whereas Policies of Insurance are commonly made on Goods and Merchandizes, as

4 well as on Ships and Vessels, wherein the Insurer undertakes, in consideration of a Premium given him

4 by the AiTurcd, to bear all the Rifle and Hazard of the Voyage, and it is generally unknown to the Insurers

4 what Sort of Goods and Merchandizes arc laden on board any Ship or Vessel; whereby it frequently

4 may happen that Insurances may be made on Wool or Woollen Yarn, or other the Articles hereby

4 prohibited to be exported, to be carried from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as well as on the Ships or

4 Vessels having on board such Wool, Woollen Yarn, or other Articles: And whereas the discouraging

4 of all such Iniurances may be a Means to prevent the fraudulent Exportation of such Wool, Woollen and

4 Worsted Yarn, and other the said herein-before enumerated Articles;* be it therefore further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That all Policies of Insurance which shall be made on Goods and Merchandizes

laden or to be laden on any Ship or Vclfel bound from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, which shall after-

wards appear to be Wool, Woollen or Worsted Yarn, or any of the before enumerated Articles hereby

prohibited from being expoited, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwithstanding any Words

or Agreement whatsoever which shall be inserted in any such Policy of Insurance, and nothing shall be re-

covered by the Assured from the Insurer for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium which £hali have been

given as the Consideration for insuring such Wool, Woollen or Worsted Yarn, or such other Articles; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful for the Masteror

Commander, or any other commissioned or deputed Oificer of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Sloops, in any

Port, Creek, or Road, or in the open Seas, within the Limits of the Station which shall be ailigned to any

such Ships or Sloops, and he is hereby required to enter and search, or cause to be entered and searched any

Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and if upon such Search any Sheep, Wool, or any other of the said Articles hereby

prohibited from being exported, shall be found therein, and theMaster or Commander of such Ship, Vessel,

or Boat, shall not immediately produce to the Commander of such Ship or Sloop a lawful Cocquctor

Warrant, licensing such Articles to be carried Coastwise, or to the said Kies, or feme of them, such Com-

mander is hereby directed to take and seize such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and to carry the fame, together with

the Crew and Cargo thereof, into some Port in Great Britain, and there deliver the same into the Custody

of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Wool, and other the said Articles

hereby prohibited from being exported, found on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, contrary to the Intent

and Meaning of this Act, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which shall have been so seized

by any of his Majesty*$ Ships or Sloops, shall be lodged in the King’s Warehouse in such Port where the

fame (nail be taken or seized, or into which the fame shall be brought, until condemned according to Law,

and being so condemned, such Wool and other such Articles shall be exposedpublickly to Sale, after forty

Days publick Notice being given in Writing at the Custom-house of the said Port, and on the Royal

Exchange of London, by Inch of Candle, to the last and best Bidder; and all Ships, Vessels, or Boats, that

shall be so seized, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which shall be condemned as aforesaid*

shall, together with all their Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, be exposed to Sale in like Manner,

and the Produce of the Wool^ or such aforesaid Articles, Ships, Vessels, or Boats, so (bid as aforesaid, after

deducing the Expences and Charges of the Prosecution and Condemnation, shall be divided ill Manner fol-

lowing; (that is to say,) one third Part thereof to the Commander or Commanders, one third Part totht

Officers of the Ship or Ships, Sloop or Sloops', that took the fame, and theTemaining third Part to the

Mariners belonging to such Ship or Ships, Sloop or Sloops, to be equally divided and paid/amongst the said

Mariners, by the Collectors of the said Port, or such Person or Persons as shall be authorised to pay the

fame; and that if such Seizure shall be made upon the Information of any Person or Persons not being a

Mariner on board any such Ship or Sloops so appointed to cruise, such Informer or Informers shall not only

be indemnified from the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which Exporters of the said prohibited Arti-

cles, their Aiders and Abettors, are liable* but shall also receive one third Part of the Produce of such Sate

or Sales, after deducing the Expences attending the fame, and the Residue thereof shall be divided and dif-

tributed in Manner as is before directed.

LL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commander of such Ship or Sloop

neglecting his Duty by this Act required, shall lose and forfeit all Pay and Wages due to him or them, and

suffer six Months Imprisonment, and be for ever incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office in the Navy,

Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties; and that any Person or Persons giving Information Bgainst any such

Commander for neglecting his Duty shall, on the ConviCtionof such Offender or Offenders, be entitled U*

receive and have the Sum of forty Pounds, to be paid to such Informer immediately aftcrfucii Con vision,

by the Commissioners of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or other his Majesty’s Revenue as herein-

after mentioned, with respect to Forfeitures incurred by Persons unable bo pay the fame*

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in order to prevent

collusive Seizures and Agreements, and fraudulent Practices, whereby the Penalties and Forfeitures infliCted*

by thi$ A&/ZU? be ft ftiaii 09c be lawful for any Person or Pecfops*, except;an* Officer of hi* Ma-

jW*

^oooole

