ai2

Bodies corpo-

rate, &c. may

sell and convey ,

Lands.

Capital Joint

Stock.

Stock to be di-

vided into

Shares.

Votes according

|0 S hates.

Shares held by

more than one

Person.

Shares held by

Pro*y.

C. 106. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

purchase, receive, take, and enjoy Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of what Kind, Nature, or Qua-

lity soever.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, Body Politick or

Corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the said Society, any Lands, Tenements, of

Hereditaments, for the Use and Benefit of the said Society; and that the said Society shall have Power

and Ability in Law to grant, fell, demise, alien, or dispose of such Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, or any Part thereof, at their Will and Pleasure, and in their Corporate Name shall and maybe

able in Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, in any Court of

Record or elsewhere, in all causes and Actions whatsoever, for, touching, or concerning the said Cor-

poration.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Society to raise a Capital Joint Stock, to he applied to purchasing or otherwise acquiring Lands atvd Te-

nements in Perpetuity, and for the building of Free Towns and Villages, Harbours, Quays, Piers, and

Fishing Stations, on such Lands so purchased or acquired, and on no other Lands or Tenements whatsoever,

not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, at fjch-Time and in such Propor-

tions as at any General Court or Courts of the said Society to be holden in pursuance of this AdHhali be

directed; and that the fame shall be divided into a Number of Shares, each Share not exceeding the Sum of

fifty Pounds Sterling; and that no one Person subscribing shall become Proprietor of more than ten Shares,

in his, her, or their Names, otherwise than by Bequest or Operation of Law; and if it shall so happen, that

any Number of Persons subscribing, are actually Members of a Joint Partnership in Business, they shall

jointly be considered as one Name or Person, holding a Share or Shares not exceeding ten in Number, for

any one Joint Partnership, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trull for him, her, or them

(except the fame shall come to him, her, or them, by Devise, Bequest, Marriage, or Adfc of Law), upon

rain of forfeiting to the said Society all such Shares, exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid; and the Money

so to be raised is hereby appointed to be applied in the Purchase of Lands, as aforesaid, and for the Pur-

pose of building, by publick advertised Contracts, Free Towns and Villages, Harbours, Quays, Piers,

and Fishing Stations thereupon: Provided always. That it shall in no Cafe be lawful for the said So-

ciety to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever; and they are hereby prohibited from borrowing

the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum 6f one hundred and fifty

thousand Pounds Sterling, or such Sum as shall be raised, by the Persons herein before named, or by such

Person or Persons as may hereafter become a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Society, so divided into

Shares of fifty Pounds Sterling each Share, shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the several Persons

herein before described, and their several respective Executors, Administrators, Succefl'ors, and Assigns, for

their and every of their proper Ufc and Benefit, proportionally to the Sum they and each of them shall

leveraily subscribe and pay thereunto; and ail and every of the said Shares shall be deemed to be personal

Estate, and transmitted as such, and not of the Nature of real Property; and all and every Person or Per-

fons, their several and respective Executor or Executors, Adminillrators and Afltgns, who shall severally

subscribe the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in Part thereof, to-

wards establishing and carrying into Execution the Undertakings of the said Society, shall be intitled to and

receive the entire and neat Distribution of the Profits and Advantages which shall or may arise or accrue

by virtue of the said Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, and received by the Authority of this

Act, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares, not exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid; and

every Person or Persons having such Property of one Share of the said undertaking, and so in Pro-

portion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said

Undertaking, in Manner herein alter enacted, directed, and appointed, such Sum or Sums not exceed-

ing such Share or Shares as any Person or Persons shall have subscribed to the Capital Stock of the

Society.

V. And to the End that all Matters and Things touching or relating to the establishing and carrying

4 on the said Society, may be managed and conduced in the mod beneficial Manner ;* be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, T hat every Person who shall have subscribed for one Share of the Joint Stock, his

or her respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in every or any publick Meeting or Assembly to

be held as herein after directed for carrying on the Business of the said Society, shall have Liberty, by him or

her, or by his or her Proxy, under his or her Hand, to give for one or two Shares, one Vote, and no

more; for three or four Shares, two Votes, and no more; for five, fix, or seven Shares, three Votes, and

no more; for eight or nine Shares, four Votes, and no more; for ten Shares, five Votes, and no more;

and whatever Qiicftion of Election, or other Question whatsoever, shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered,

in any publick Assembly or Meeting to be held under and by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by

the Majority of V otes then present in Person or by Proxy, qualified as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid. That, in case more Persons than one shall incline to

hold in their joint Names one or more Shares of the said Joint Stock, one only of such Persons shall be intfoled

to vote when present, according to the Priority of their Names in the original Subscription, or they may in

the Absence of the Whole give their Vote or Votes determined by Proxy, as herein before mentioned, to be appointed by

a Majority of the said Joint Subscribers under their Hands; and that all Bodies Politick and Corporate, who

shall be Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock, shall be intitled in like Manner to vote by

Proxy, duly constituted under their Corporate Seal.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Proxy,

unless he be a Proprietor, and that no one Proprietor shall hold more than five Votes by Proxy.

