E

A

T A B L

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 29 III.

t. AN Act to continue the Laws now in force for re-

r\ eulating the Trade between the Subjects of his

■*" Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the

Territories belonging to the United States of , so

hr as the fame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried

on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the

Countries belonging to the said United States,

a. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the

Purposes of certain Acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-third

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better

Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred

of Foreboty in the County of Norfolk.

j. An Act for the Improvement of Manchester ,

within the Parish of Saint M in the County of

Middlesex.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening

several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh;

and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the

said County.

8. An Act for building a new Shire House for the County

of Essex.

9. An Act to repeal two Aits, made in the twenty-fifth

29 Geo. III.

and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops

within Great Britain.

10. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-nine.

11. An Act to enable Mary Ai/agcr, Margaret , and

Judith Afagery to finish and complete a new Church or

Chapel, in the Parish of Bart, in the County of

Chejiery and to endow the fame; and to establish a Charity

School within the said Parish; and veiling the Right of

Prcfentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and tlvc

future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alfagery within

the said County.

12. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watch-

ing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

and Publick Passages, within the Town of in the

County of York; for preventing Incroachments, Nui-

fances, and Annoyances therein ; for regulating the Car-

riages, Cartmem and Porters there; and for making con-

venient Approaches to the Bridge over the River Efk%

within the said Town.

13. An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution

of an Act passed in the last Section of Parliament, intituled.

An Atl for the better f curing the Rights of Persons

fied to vote at County FAddicns \ and for indemnifying the

Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution,

from the Penalties they may have incurred in not execu-

ting all the Provisions of the said Act.

14. An Act for amending anAftofthctwenty-seventhYear

of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of the

P arish of Saint Mary W anftede, Wanstead, in the

County of Efl'ex.

c 15. An

