168

AS 19 Geo. 3.

c. 63. Parr re-

cited relative to

Recognizance#

to b? en'e-ed

jnto by Miller#

of Ship^ dilcu-

vered to have

had on b. ard a

larger Quantity

ot Tea, Sec,

than is permit-

ted 1

Such Matters to

enter into a Re-

cop nuance with

one sufficient

Security, lor

300 I. to enter

Appearance to

Informations,

and refuting so

to do, to be im-

prisoned.

Person# having

in P< flftfiion

Britishi Spirits,

Sec. for which

the Duties have

not been paid,

forfei. the fame,

and Treble the

Value.

Value to be efli

mated at the

Price of the best

Artitles of the

Sort.

Proof to he a.d-

- mitted of Offi-

cers being au-

thored to aO,

without pro-

ducing 1 b-ir

particular Ap-

pointments*

AOions for Pe*

v »title# to be

filed in the

Mame of the

Attorney Gene*

C. 77. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III; . A.D. 1786

to be put any other Substance into the Commodity or Stock so to be weighed, whereby such Officer or Of-

ficers might be hindered or prevented from taking a just and true Account of such Stock, as is directed and

prescribed by the several Acts of Parliament in that Cafe made and provided, or shall forcibly obstruct or hin-

der, or shall, by any Art, Device, or Contrivance, prevent or impede such Officer, or procure or (utter

him to’(^prevented or impeded in taking such just and true Account of such Stock or Commodities as

atoreluid, the Party offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

4 IX. And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled. An

c Act for the more effectual preventing the pernicious Practices cj' Smuggling in this Kingdom, and jar indemnify*

4 ing Persons who have been gnitty of Off ences agalvft the Laws of the Onflows and Excise, upon the Terms

4 therein mentioned), it was enacted, T hat in all Cafes where the Officers of Customs or Excise should dif-

4 cover and find, on board any Snip or Veftel coming and arriving from foreign Parts, within the Limits of

4 any of the Ports of this Kingdom, more than one hundred Pounds Weight of Tea, not bein£ in the Ships

4 belonging to or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Laji Indies, or

4 more than one hundred Gallons of foreign Brandy, or ot other foreign Spirituous Liquors, over and above

4 the Quantity of two Gallons for every Seaman then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vcilel, and being

4 in Calks under sixty Gallons, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or.

4 Veftel, should forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds ; and that it should and might be lawful, in facti

4 Cafe, for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and for all other Persons acting in their Aid

4 and Assistance, and they and each of them was and were thereby authorised to arrest, take, and detain the

4 laid Master, or other Person so having the Charge or Command of such Snip or Vessel, and to carry and

4 convey the Person so taken before any one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place

4 where such Ship or Vessel should then be, or where such Person should be arrested and taken, and the Per-

4 son so carried and conveyed should be obliged to enter into a Recogtiizance, as in the said Act is directed:

4 And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the single Recognizance of the Pealon directed by the

4 said Act to enter into the fame is incitedual to answer the good Purposes by the said Act intendedbe it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and alter the first Day of Augtijl one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-six, every Person so carried and conveyed before any one of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace, according to the Directions in the said Part recited Clause, shall be obliged to enter into a Recog-

nizance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before such Justice, with one other Efficient Surety, to be

approved of by such Justice, in the Sum of three hundred Pounds (which Recognizance such Justice is

hereby required to take), with Condition to enter an Appearance in the Courts of Exchequer in England and

Scotlandrespectively, within the first four Days of the Term next ensuing such Arrest, to any Information

which shall or may be exhibited against him ; and such Justice shall and is hereby required ford)with to trans-

mit every such Recognizance to the King’s Remembrancer in such o( the said respective Courts ; and if such

Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit such Person to

the next County Gaol, there to remain until he shall enter iiUoluch Recognizance.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the

said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six aforesaid, knowingly receive, buy, or have

in his, her, or their Custody or Post'ession, any British Spirits, Soap, or Candles, after the fame shall be re-

moved from the respective Places where the fame were made or manufactured, and where the same ought to

have been charged with the Duties payable in respect thereof, before the said Duty or Duties, to which ihe

fame shall be liable, have been charged, or before such British Spirits, Soap, or Candles, have been lawfully

condemned as forfeited, the Person or Persons offending therein, whether he, (lie, or they have or have not,

. or do or do not claim or pretend to have, any Property or Interest therein, tliall, for every such Offence, for-

feit and lose all such British Spirits, Soap, and Candles (o received, bought, or had in his, her, or their Cuf-

tody or Possession, and 'Preble the Value thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared. That the Value of such British Spirits, Soap, and Candles

respectively so forfeited shall, from Time to Time, be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the

Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, as the belt Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities of the like

Sorts, Kinds, and Denominations, do or shall bear and fell for in London, at the Time when such Penalty

shall be incurred.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Trial of any IndiCbnent,

Information, Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatsoever, or in any Proceedings relative thereto, any Questiott

shall arise, whether any Person be an Officer of any Branch of his Majesty’s Revenues, or commissioned or

deputed to act as such. Proof shall and may be made and admitted, that such Person was reputed to be, or had

as such exercised such Office, or a£ted under such Commission or Deputation, at the respective Time and

Times when the Matter or Matters in Controversy upon such Trial or Trials, or other Proceedings, Hull

happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or

proving the particular Commission, Deputation, or other Authority whereby such Officer was constituced

and appointed ; and that in every such Cafe such Proof shall be deemed and taken, by all Judges, Justices,

or Commissioners, before whom any such Trial or Proceeding shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence,

unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear: any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof

no withlranding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever

to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed,

any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Actions, Bilis, Plaints, or Informations, in any of his Ma-

jesty's

