338 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Paper, Second Table, continued.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Atlas, of the Valu-

Three Pounds and not exceeding the Value of Four Pounds and Five Shillings per Ream, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches, Seventeen

Shillings and Threepence. — — — — —

For every Ream of Atlas Inferior Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, of the Valu,

Two Pounds and under the Value of Three Pounds per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions

of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches, Ten Shillings and Four-pence

Farthing. — — — — — * — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall made in Great Britain, called Small Atlas, of the Vak_

One Pound and Ten Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per

Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches, Eight

Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny. — — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Imperial, of the Vale

One Pound and T en Shillings and under the Value of Two Pounds and Eleven Shillings per

Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter,

Seven Shillings and Five-pence Three Farthings. — — — —r —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Super Royal, of the Value

of One Pound and Five Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Eighteen Shillings per

Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven

Inches and an Half, Five Shillings and Nine-pence. — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Long Royal, of the Value

of One Pound and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and Ten Shillings per Ream, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-seven Inches and an Half by Eighteen Inches, Four Shil-

lings and Seven-pence Farthing. — — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Valu_

Eighteen Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Nine Shillings per Ream, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, Four

Shillings and One Farthing. — — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Valu_

Thirteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and One Shilling per Ream, and

not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, Two

Shillings andTightTpence Farthing. — — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Short Demy or Crowns,

of the Value of Nine Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Fourteen Shillings per Ream, and

not exceeding the Dimensions of Fourteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of Fifteen

Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Eleven-pence. — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Fan, of the Value

of Fourteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and One Shilling per Ream,

and not exceeding the Dimensions of T wenty-three Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches and an

Half, Three Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny. — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Fan, of the Value

of Eleven Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding

the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches and a Quarter by Thirteen Inches and a Quarter, Two

Shillings and.Seven-pence. — — — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Elephant, of the Value

of Fifteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and Seven Shillings per Ream,

and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches, Three

Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny. — — —• — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers

Bills cr Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, and so in Proportion for

greater or less Number of Bills or Notes in each Sheet, Three Shillings and Five-pence

plalpenny. — — •— — — — —

THIRD TABLE.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Demy, of the

Value of One Pound and Eighteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Three Pounds per

Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches by Thirty-eight Inches and an

Half, Eight Shillings and Four-pence. — — — — —

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Value of

•Qne Pound and Four Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Sixteen Shillings per

Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-

four Inches* or of Twenty Inches by Twenty-six Inches, Five Shillings and Four-pence

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal inferior, of the

Value of Fourteen Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Four Shillings per Bundle,

2nd not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches,

Three Shillings and Three Farthings. — — —, — - —

£• S' d.

l7 3

to 4l

8 7»

— 7 S

— 5 9

4 7l

4

— 2 -H4 OO

— 1 IL.

— 3 sl

— 2 7

— 3 Si

— 3 Si

— 8 4

— 5 4!

3; 31

^.oooole

