A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. ?g— 21. 351

fuance of this Act, shall be utterly null and void, and shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and such Ships registered

or Vessels shall and are hereby required to be respecfcively registered de novo, upon the Oath of the respective *Rreeable l®

Owners being taken, and the other Requilitions of the fiid Act being complied with. Gco* 600

X, 4 And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, i»Car. *. c. 18.

intituled, An Act for encouraging and incrcajing of Shipping and Navigations certain Goods and Commodi- *eciiod$

ties, therein enumerated and described, are required to be imported into this Kingdom, either in Ships

which belong to or are'of the Built of his Majesty’s Dominions, or of the Built of the Country or Place of

which the said Goods or Commodities are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of

such Port where the said Goods or Commodities can only be, or most usually are, first shipped for Trans-

portation.’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the hrft Day of July

one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven, any of the said Goods or Commodities so enumerated or de-

feribed in the said Act, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, may be imported into

Great Britain under the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions contained in the said Act; and

also in an Act, made and passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Se- __________ _____

cond, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs ; and in another imported into

Act, made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, GrCi4t Britain

AnA 5? to repeal so much of the Act intituled, 44 An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Ma- e®°*

44 jtfly's Cujlcmsf pnjfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the ysa^and 13 and

prohibiting the Importation of Deal Boards and Fir Timber from Germany; either in Ships or Vessels

which, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, did truly and without Fraud

wholly belong to his Majesty’s Dominions, or which arc of the Built of his Majesty’s Dominions, and re-

giftered respectively according to Law, or in Ships or Vessels the Built of any Countries or Places in Eu-

Sc belonging to or under the Dominion of the Sovereign or State in Europe of which the said Goods or

rnimodities, so enumerated or described as aforesaid, are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture re-

spedlively, or of such Ports where the said Goods or Commodities can only be, or are most usually, first

shipped for Transportation, such Ships or Vessels being navigated with a Matter and three-fourths of the Ma-

riners. at the lead, belonging to such Countries or Places, or Ports respectively, and in none other Ships or

Vessels whatever; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person

or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great Britain from Gibraltar, in any Ship or Vessel which,

before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, did truly without Fraud wholly be-

long to his Majesty’s Dominions, or are of the Built of his Majesty’s Dominions, navigated and registered Domi-

according to Law, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Growth or Production of theDomi- n;o£/0#r sh!p§

nions of the Emperor of Morocco, and which shall have been imported into Gibraltar directly from any Part

of the said Dominions not lying or being to the Southward of the Port of Mogadore, in Ships or Vessels be-

longing to or of the Built of his Majesty’s Dominions, as before described, navigated and registered accord-

ing to Law, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Subjects of the said Emperor of Morocco, upon Payment

of the fame Duties, and none other, as such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to upon

being imported into Great Britain directly from Africa.

XiL Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such Cafe, such Goods so imported shall be

accompanied with a Certificate under the Hand of the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Com-

mander in Chief of Gibraltar (or of any Person authorised by them, or either of them, to grant such

Certificate}, setting foith that such Goods were brought into Gibraltar in such Ship or Vessel as above

described.

Gibraltar in such Vessels as art required by this Act.

and from July 1,

1787, the Goods

therein enume-

rated of the

Growth, Sec. of

Europe, may bt

14 Car. ft. c. Il«

and 6 Geo. 1.

c. 15. in Ships

which, before

May f, 1786,

belonged to his

Majesty’1 Do-

minions, See,

Goods of Mo-

rocco imported

into Gibraltar,

may be imported

from thence, in

nions, or Ships

belorging there-

to, prior to

May 1, 17X6, on

Payment of the

fame Duties as

it imported from

Africa j

but such Goods

must be accom-

panied with a

Ctruncate, that

they were im-

ported into

XIII. 4 And, for obviating all Doubts which may arise touching the Meaning and Construction of the said

• Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

4 the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation,* be it enacted and declared, That all

Ships and Vessels which by the said Act are declared not to be intitled to any of the Privileges or Advan-

tages of a British-bu\\t Ship, or of a Snip owned by British Subjects, and’all Ships and Vessels not registered

according to the Directions and Regulations of the said Act, shall, although such Ships and Vessels may be

owned by his Majesty’s Subjects,-be held and deemed, to all Intents and Purposes, as alien Ships, and shall

in all Cafes be liable to such and the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as alien Ships, in the like Cafes,

are or flball by Law be liable to.

All Vessels

which by >6

Cto. 3. c. 60.

are declared not

to be intitled r»

the Privilege! of

a Brtti!h-built

Ship, Sec, to be

deemed alien

Ships.

CAP. XX.

An Act for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde

Navigation.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to purchase, of the Proprietors of

Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption

from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported.

CAP.

