A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 107. 219

shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to

the Amount or Value of three thousand Pounds : And every Field Officer shall respectively be in like Man-

ner (cited or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of threr hundred Pounds, or shall be

possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Ceiled or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount

or Value of five thousand Pounds : And the Qualification of a Captain shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of

the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, 'Tenements, or Heredi-

taments, or Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two

thoul

cerl

ar.d five hundred Pounds: And the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the

V Value of thirty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal

(late alone, to the Amount or Value of (even hundred and fifty Pounds: And the Qualification of an Enfigrt

shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, in Manors, iVIelfuages, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of four hundred Pounds : Of

aft which Real Estates respectively (except those for the Qualification of Lieutenants and Ensigns) one

Moiety shall be situate or arising within such City or Town, or within the County to which such City or

Town is united for the Pur poles afore laid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and

"in Manors, Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, or Hercdkaments, which are leased for one Life, or for

two or three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of one Life, or of two or

three Lives on reserved Rents, and which are to the Lcllce or Lessees of the clear yearly Value of

three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein before required as a Qualification of the

yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion to the several other Qualifications required by

this Act

X. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and

Benefit, in Possession, of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted for twenty Years, or more, of an

annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the fame) equal to the

Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer

of the Militia respectively, and lituated as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be fulfi-

ciently qualified to act in the Execution of this Act.

Qualifications, to be deemed

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenant

of any County, Riding, or Place, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant,

until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, for which he shall

be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a specifick Description in Writ-

ing* Signed by himself, of his Qualification, stating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Eft.ites

which form his Qualification is or arc situate; and the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall trunfmit to

the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Cornmilfion granted

after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it

be declared in the Commission, that the Officer to whom the Commission is given, hath delivered in his Qua-

lification as above directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy Lieutenant and every Officer now holding a

Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain in the Militia, who hath not transmitted a

specifick Description as before directed, of his Qualification for holding such Commission, to the Clerk of

the Peace as aforesaid, shall, within six Months from and after the hi ft Day of July one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-six, transmit such specifick Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission to

the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, and the Clerk of the Pecce, or his Deputy, shall forthwith transmit a

true Copy thereof to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or to the Deputy Lieutenants, who

shall be authorised according to the DireHions of this Act to execute the Office of Lieutenant; and in calc

any such Officer shall not transmit such specifick Description of his Qualification as aforesaid to the Clerk of

the Peace, or his Deputy, within the Time before limited for that Purpose, his Deputation or Commission

shall be void, and he shall be incapable of being a Deputy Lieutenant, or of serving as an Officer in the Mi-

litia again in the fame or any higher Rank.

XIII. And be it fuitherenadted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, and Place, shall, and

he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Directions of this Act upon

a Roll, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Dates of

the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whole Room

they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office, and he is

hereby authorised to charge the Expence of such Insert on in the Gazette for each Commission, to the Treasurer

of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby dircHed to pay the fame ; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his

Deputy, shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries

of S tate a complete Account of the Qualifications so le ft with him, and the Secretary of State receiving such

Accounts shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Hotifes of Parliament; and every Deputy

Lieutenant 2nd Commissioned Officer not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated,

and subscribed the Declaration as required by this Act, shall, at Tome General Quarter Session of the Peace,

or in one of his Mejtfty’s Courts of Record at /Hflmifficr, within six Months after he shall have accepted his

Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the fi irft, intituled, sin .del for the further Security rf his Ain} fly*s Person and Go-

vernment, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, he? nr Protfhints, and for ex-

tinguishing the Hopes-of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his o[eu and jeeret Abettors') and also by an Act

E f 2 passed

Lea (Vs on Lives

300I. per Ann,

to *'e detuned

equ*l to a Quali-

fication as here-

in before speci-

fied of rooi. per

A /n and so pro*

po - ti'inally.

Elfare granted

for 20 Years, of

an annual Va-

lue equal to the

V«j)ue of the

Eflatts herein

required for

Qualifications.

No Comni(lion

superior to a

Lieutenant to be

granred ttll the

Qual fication is

delivered in.

Commissions al-»

rraiy granted to

te void ur.lrfs

Qualifications

a.-< del.vered in

before Jan, I,

17S7.

Qualification?,.

See. to be inferr-

ed in the Ga-

zette j and Lifll

to tie annually

laid, by the Se-

cretary of State,

before Parlia-

ment.

Deputy Lieute-

nan's &c. to

taler the Oaths

within 6 Months

after Appoint-

ment.

