A. D. 1789» Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 68.

609

Tobacco or

Snuff ravrd

fn m any Wr'tk

to be lodged in

the neareib

Collom House

Warehouse.

Manufa£turerl

and Dialers to

crake Fntry

three Days

preview? to their

manufacturing

or felling To-

bacco, dec. or

Snuft*, of 1 heir

Warehouses,

Sec. on Penalty

or 200). and

being, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being,

or any three or more of them ; and such Coinrniinoners of the Customs in England and Scotland re-

flectively are hereby authorised and impowered to grant such Licences, and to take^ such proper Bond or

other Security as they shall respectively deem necessary, for the faithful and upright Conduct, in every

Respect, of such Person or Persons, and the Servants by him or them from 'Lime to Time employed in the

JJehclf aforesaid, in such Warehouse or Warenoufes.

LV HI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco or Snuff shall be saved from any Ship

or Vessel, being Wreck, or being (branded, or in Di it refs on the Coast of this Kingdom, all such Tobacco

shall be forthwith deposited, lodged, and secured in the Custom House Warehouse nearest to the Place where

the fame shall be found, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Conditions, Regulations,

Keftridtions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufadturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer

and Dealers in. Tobacco or Snuff, shall, three Days at the lead before he, (he, or they shall begin to manu-

facture or fell any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnufF

Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or SnufF, make true and particular Entry in Writing of all House?, Ware-

houses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, by him, her, or them respcdtivtly

intended to be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish,

Tobacco Staiks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnufF Work, 'T obacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, at the Office of

F.xcise within the Compals or Limits whereof such respective Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops,

Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places reflectively, shall be situate, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of

two hundred Pounds (or every House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other

Place, which he, (he, or they shall make use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco ^ or future of

Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Static Flour, SnufF Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, Tobacco, ku

without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid, together with the 'Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanjjh,

Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff* Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and SnufF, respectively,

which shall at any Time be found therein, and also all the Casks, Vessels, and Packages w'hatsoever, con-

taining the fame ; and all Lch Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for T obacco Stalk Flour,

SnufF Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnufF, Calks, Vessels, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of the Customs or Fxcise.

LX. And be it further enacted. That where any Entiy shall be made by any Manufacturer or Manu-

facturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in. Tobacco or Snuff, of any House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop,

Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks,

Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnufF Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, no other failing or

Dntry shall be made by any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Tobacco felling Tobacco,

or SnufF (not being in Partnership with such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, making

such first Entry) of the fame, or of any other House, Shop, Roo*n, Cellar, Vault, or other Place whatfo-

ever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for

Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff’ Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or SnufF, under the fame Roof, or within the

fame House or Tenement, in which such first Entry shall then be existing; but every such Manufacturer

or Alanufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, making such further Entry of the fame House, or of any other

such Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, under the fame Roof, or within the same House or Tene-

ment, shall, notwithstanding such further Fntry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a

Adanufadturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Tobacco or SnufF without Entry, and subjecF

to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Manufacturers of and Dealers in Tobacco or SnufF without Entry

are subjecF unto by virtue of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing within the Limits of No Entry of any

the Chief Office of Fxcifc in London, shall manufacture any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco To”U"

Staiks for 'Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, T obacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, unless such Person or Per- bacco, &c.or"

fons shall occupy a "Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Rent of ten Pounds or upwards, and for which Snuff, within

he, she, or they shall accordingly be allelled in his, her, or their own Name or Names, and shall also pay to the Limits of

the Pan(h Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing in any other Part of the Kingdom of o^YnLo j n

Great Britain, wheie there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall manufacture any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk?, to bYvTlid°n °n>

Spanish, "Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, unleis unless made by

such Person or Persons respectively shall be aileffed and pay to Church and Poor, in the several Parishes an Occupier 0/

and Places in which such Person or Persons shall respectively reside; and that no Fntry of any House, »Tenement of

Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place for the manufacturing Tobacco, »oI‘ycar,y-

Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, SnulF Work, Tobacco Staiic Flour, or any otherVhce

Snuff, shall be of any avail to any Person or Persons not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the unless the

Person or Persons so making such Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person manufacturing Manufacturer

Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, 'Tobacco Stalks for 'Tobacco Stalk PTour, Snuff Work, Tobacco £ahy to’he

Stalk PTour, or Snuff, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Fntry by him, her, or p0(Y^J"d

them made, be deemed and taken to be a Person manufacturing Tobacco or Snuff without Entry, within

the Meaning of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer

and Dealers in, Tobacco or Snuff* shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the haVe ^CCI* 0

outer Door, or in the Front, or on (bme conipicuous Part of each and every House, Warehouse, Work- Words hcreli

house. Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, by him, her,<or them respectively made use of for^ the mentioned,

manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobt;«co Stalks, Spanish, T obacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk P^ifl*fcd vn ,htIr

1’lour> Peaih) ””50I.'}

Where Entry

has been made

of any House,

Sec. for manu-

re. or Snuff, no

other Entry to

be made of any

Place under the

Lme Roof.

