. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. - C. 7$.

shall think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of Opinion that such Account or

Claim is fraudulent, then such Person shall be absolutely excluded from any Compensation or Provision

whatsoever.

VI. And be it further ena3ed by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Person or Persons, upon

Examination upon Oath, before the said Commissioners respectively as before mentioned, shall wilfully and

corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convi3ed,

shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subje3 and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law

now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subje3 and liable to.

4 VII. And whereas several Proprietors of East Florida, and the Agents of several other Proprietors of

t the said Province, respectively intitled to the Benefit of this A3, are resident in the Baha?na Islands, and

* other of his Majesty’s Colonies in America: And whereas it may be attended with great Inconvenience

4 to such Persons to come to Great Britain to substantiate their respective Claims, or to give their Evidence

* in Support of the Claims of other Proprietors for whom they have a3ed as Agents be it therefore en-

a3ed, That the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, for the Time

being, of ^ny such Island or Colony, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to enquire into the

Losses of all and every such Person or Persons, and to examine all and every such Agent or Agents as may

repair to them for that Purpose upon Oath, which Oath the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Com-

mander in Chief, or any Member of the Council for the Time being, is hereby authorised and impowered

to administer; and such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the

Time being, are hereby inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities for enquiring into such Claims as

the Commissioners appointed by this A3 are inverted with, and they are hereby dire3ed to proceed imme-

diately on all and every such Claim or Claims, Examination or Examinations, when tendered to them,

and to report from Time to Time, by the first Opportunity in their Power, their Opinion or Opinions

on all and every such Claim or Claims, with the Evidence on which such Opinion or Opinions was or

werfe formed, and alfoto report, from Time to Time, the Evidence of all and every such Agent or Agents

to the Commissioners appointed by this A3, in order that all and every such Claim or Claims may be

ultimately judged of and decided upon by such Commissioners, and be inserted by them amongst the Claims

to belaid before the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time be-

ing, and his Majesty’s Secretaries of State.

VIII. And be it further ena3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons upon

Examination upon Oath before the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and

Council, for the Time being, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every

such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convi3ed, shall be, and is and are hereby de-

clared to be subje3 and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convi3ed of

wilful arxf Corrupt Perjury are subje3 and liable to.

IX. And be it further ena3ed. That no Claim or Request of any Person or Persons for Aid or Relief,

on Account of the Lose of any Property in consequence of such Cession, shall be received in Great Bri-

tairiy after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or in the Bahama Islands,

or any other of his Mjyefty’s Colonies in America, after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-seven.

X. And be it further ena3ed, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, at their DiC-

credon, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as portible after the Determination of

their Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this A3, without any further Requifttion, give an Ac-

count of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and to his

Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

XI. And be it further ena3ed, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Trea-

surer. for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be paid, all such Sums

of Money, not exceeding one thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall

by Writing under their Hands desire or dire3, out of any Part of the publick Monies remaining in his

Majesty’s Exchequer, which Sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Mef-

fcngers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the

Powers of this A3? and in such Manner and in such Proportions as mall be appointed by the said Com-

missioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the

Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Ex-

chequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken on the parting of the said Accounts, other than

such Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XII. And be it further ena3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies,

by Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for

his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, as he may think proper, to supply such Va-

cancy or Vacancies, and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered

to be invested with all and the fame Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by

this A3.

XIII. And be it further ena3ed. That this A3 shall continue in force for two Years from the parting of

this A3, and no longer.

Y 2 CAP.

*6 3

Persons giving

false Evidence to

be deemed guihy

of corrupt Peiw

jurj.

Governors, Ae#

of the Bahama

Islands, or Bri-

tifti Colonies in

America, to

amine into the

LonTes of resident

Parti ei, and to

report thereupon

to the Commis*

fiooert.

Persons giviitf

false Evidence

before the Go-

vernor, Ac to

be deemed guilty

of Pcijury.

No Claim to be

received in Bri-

tain after Jan. vg

nor in the Ba-

hama Islands,

Ac. liter March

Commissionert

to give an Ac-

count of their

Proceed! ogt to

the Treasury,

and the Secrete*

rfes of State.

Treasury may

order ioooo 1. to

be iflaed for

Payment of

Clarks, Ac*

His Majesty to

nominate Cora-

mi shone? a as Va-

cancies happen.

Continuance of

ibis Ait,

