196

Bounty on Ex-

portation of

Cordage to so-

re fn Placet to

be continued.

If VfflTrls hite

not a furficient

Quantity of

Coidage for their

V fct orcr the

Qmntity flvpf ed

for Etportation,

the Officers to

detain them.

Ko Cordage to be

exported with-

out a Certificate

that it has been

refused by the

Navy Board.

Perfom passing

Entriei without

such Certificate,

to forfeit 1001.

C. 86. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, or any other Act

or Acts of Parliament contained shall extend, or be coni!rued to extend, to disallow the Bounty on the due

Exportation of such Cordage to any foreign Port or Place whatever, except the Ijle of Alan, bjut that

the fame shall be, and is hereby directed and required to be paid on such Exportation, other than to the Jjk

of Alan,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel, on board of which

any Cordage shall be shipped for Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounty herein before granted, (had,

and is hereby required to have on board (over and above the Quantity entered for Exportation) a sufficient

Quantity of Cordage for the Use of such Ship or Veilel according to the Nature of the Voyage, for which

no Bounty shall be allowed; and such Ship or Veil'd, before clearing at any Port of this Kingdom, (halbc

visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the^Culloms at such Port, who shall not permit or suffer her to

set fail on her Voyage, if it shall appear that there is not on board a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the

Use of fuen Ship or Vessel, independent of, and besides the Quantity entered for the Bounty*, and such

Officer or Officers shall be, and is and are hereby autiioriied and required to detain such Ship or Ve{Ie!, and

to prevent her from failing upon her intended Voyage, until there shall be provided a sufficient Quantity

ot Cordage for the Use of such Ship or Veilel, according to the Nature of the Voyage on which fuen Snip

or Veilel shall be intended to proceed, belldes the Cordage entered as aforesaid for Exportation, iaorderlo

obtain the Bounty.

VI. And, in order to prevent any Inconvenience which may arise by encouraging the Exportation of

4 Cordage,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry shall be permitted to pals for

the Exportation of any such Cordage, or the Veilel having on board such Cordage be permitted to go out

of Port, unless a Certificate shall be produced, under the Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Navy, or any three or more of them, iignifying that such Cordage hath been tendered to them for the Use

of his Majesty’s Dock Yards, at the fair and then Market Price of such Cordage in London, and that the same

hath been refused by that Board; and if any Person or Persons shall pass any Entry for such Cordage without

having such Certificate produced to hinr or them, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of

one hudred Pounds.

1

i

a

E

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act to settle bow far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for tbt

Alls of the Masters or Mariners \ and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of

Ships

Preamble.

A a 7 Geo. a.

«. 15. recited.

Owners of Ship*

noi liable for any

Loss of Goods

Hipped without

Pr vity,

further than the

Vtlue of the

Veilel. and the

Freight, after

Sept, 1, 17865

4 \XT HEREAS, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships jhatl be answerable for the f

the Masters or Mariners, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Owner or Owners of any Ship or

4 Veilel should be liable to answer for or make good to any Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage by

4 reason of any Imbezzlement, secreting, or making away with (by the Mailer or Mariners, or any of

4 them) of any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or other Goods or Merchandize, which

4 should be shipped on board any Ship or V ellel, or for any Act, Matter, or Thing, Damage or Forfeiture,

4 done, occasioned, or incurred by the said Matter or Mariners, or any of them, without the Privity and

4 Knowledge of such Owner or Owners, further than the Value of the Ship or Veilel, with all her Appur-

4 tenances, and the full Amount of the Freight due, or to grow due, for and during the Voyage wherein

4 such Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, or other Malversation of the Matter or Mariners,

4 should be made, committed, or done: And whereas all Matters or Captains, and Owners of Ships or

4 Vessels, are by Law respectively subject or liable to answer for or make good to any Person or Persons,

the full Value and Amount of any Goods or Merchandize by such Person or Persons shipped or put 0:1

4 board any Ship or Veilel, notwithstanding such Goods or Merchandise’be loft by Robbery, I ire, or

4 other Accident (other than by the King’s Enemies, the Perils of the Seas, or the Act of God), or unlds

the Matter or some of the Ship’s Company are privy to such Robbery, in which Cafe alone the Rclpon-

4 Ability of the Owners is by the said Act limited to the Value of the Ship and full Amount of the Freight:

4 And whereas it is of the utmost Consequence and Importance to the general Welfare of this Kingdom, to

4 promote the increase of the Number of Ships and Vessel?, and to prevent any Discouragement to Mer-

4 chants and others from being interested and concerned therein, which is likely to happen from the Respon-

4 Ability to w Inch they are now expoied, notwithstanding the salutary Intention of the said Act :* May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That no Person or Persons, who is, are, or shall

be Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vefiel, shall be subject or liable to answer for or make good, to any

one or more Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage by realon of any Robbery, Embezzlement, secreting,

or making away with, of any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or other Goods or Mer-

chandize, which, trom and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall

be shipped, taken in, or put on board any Ship or Veilel, or for any Act, Matter, or Thing, Damage or

Forfeiture, done, occasioned, or incurred, from and after the patting of this Act, without the Privity and

Knowledge of such Owner or Owners, further than the Value of the Ship or Veil'd, with all her Appurte-

nance?,

