5i

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 45, 46.

4 moting useful Industry, providing for great Numbers of poor People, and serving as a Nursery for able Sca-

4 men; and inalmuchas the fame canm.t be carried on witnout a Continuance of the said additional Bounty

4 of two Shillings :* May it Therefore pieafe your Majesty that it may be enacted.; ar.d be it enacted by

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coiifent of the Lords Spiritual and Tcm- AftijGeo. j#

pord, and Commons, in this p re lent Parliament assembled, and by.the Authority of the same. That the continued for

{aid recited Act of the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and every Power, Pro- five Year* from

viiion, Clause, Matt r, and Thing therein conta ned (except as herein after is mentioned), iball, from and Jun- 24» 1786*

after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighty-iix, be, and the fame are

hereby continued for and during the Term of five Years, and shall, during futh Term, be in full Force,

and be put in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated

and re enacted in the Body of this pretent Act.

II. Proviced always, and be it enacted, That in case the Quantity of Pilchards which {Fall be exported

from any or Place, Ports or i laces, in Great Britain, to Parts beyond the Seas, upon which the said

Bounty of (even Shdlings shall become payable, do or shall, in any one Year of the said Term of five

Years, herein before granted or limited ffr the Continuance of the said recited Act of the twenty*filth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, exceed the Quantity of twenty thousand Hogsfieads, the said addi-

tional Bounty of two Shillings shall not be payable or paid for or in respect of any Pilchards so exported

as afore said, beyond or exceeding the said Quantity of twenty thousand irloglheads; any Thing in the said

recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this present Act, or in any

other A61 or Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if a greater Quantity than twenty thoiifmd Hogsheads of

Pilchards shall be taken, cured, and exported, in each or any one Year of the said Term of five Years,

then, in each and every such Year, the said additional Bounty of two Shillings upon the Quantity of

twenty thousand Hogsheads shall become payable, and shall be paid to each and every Person and Per-

fons respetStively intituled to the said additional Bounty, in Proportion to the whole Quantity of Pilchards so

taken, cured, and exported.

tided proprrtkmlly am

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges incident to, and attending the ob-

taining and patting of this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons to whom the fed

additional Bounty of two Shdlings shall be payable and paid, rateably and in Pioportion according to me

Sum or Sums of Money so by them respcvSlively received, but not exceeding two Shillings on each Cask or

Vessel of Pilchards containing fifty Gallons; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary not-

withstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick A ft; and shall be taken Notice Publick A&.

of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Ad ’itional

Bk un;y of it- for

every 50 Gal-

lon* r>t Pik hards

expofrd, not to

be f«iH for a

Git-ci an i»y

t an 1^,000

Ho:fl cads in

one Year.

Ru*- the Paid

II ir>'v on

20,coo Hogs.

hc i.', -a , tre S

la*g i Qu..nii,y-

has 1 e n export

ed, (h !) He ji.

n g 111 c V t (V I«.

Exper.ce* a* tbit

“it one bora.a

determined by he l erf nt

ioticl-d to the

B.untj.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Com rr.iffionera

of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XT 7 HEREAS the stated Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, Preamble

c VV and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are inadequare to the

Dignity and Importance of their Offices: And whereas certain additional Allowances have been made to

(bme of the Judges of these Courts by Warrants under his Majesty’s Privy Seal in Scotland, which

Allowances ought to be permanent: And whereas the Lords of Session are possessed of a Fund called

4 The Stock of the Courts by Grants before the Union of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, amounting

to twenty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds Sterling, of Capital Money, the yearly Interest of which

4 they^ have been in use to divide among them, but which Sum ought now to be restored to the Publick

May it therefore pieafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Sum of

twenty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds, together with the Sum of one thousand one hundred and thirty-

five Pounds Sterling, being one Year’s Interest on the said Capital, shall, on the fifth Day of April, in the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be paid in to the Receiver General of his Majesty*s

Land Rents in Scotland\ in order to be by him remitted to the Exchequer in England, for the Use of the

Publick, and the said Receiver General for the Time being is hereby authorised and required to take aH legal

Steps, if necessary, for recovering the fame.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Time coming there shall be issued, paid, and

applied, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise from any the Duties and Revenues in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, which by Acts made in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign of

Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges,

allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session*

Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, the several Salaries following, to the Judges after mentioned; (that

is to say). The Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling to the Lord President of the Court of Session for the

Time being; the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling to each of the other Lords of Session for the Time

H 2 being;

Fund in the

Hanos of the

Lord* of Sr fliorf

to f e paid *0 the

Rec*iv^r Gene*

nl in SioiLnd

on April 5, 1787,

so Hr rc .'ted to

the Ex< hequer

in tnglinii.

Out of the Re-

venues appoint*

d by AlU 7 and

10 A nr*, for

support n* tie

Court ot Sef-

fi< ns Sec. ' here

shall I e p-*id to

the Judges the

Saline* heicift

Specified.

'by

