326 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo fejitimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

coastwise.

Coals, (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great

Britain, (except into the Port of London ;) viz.

——— in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton

containing 20 Hundred Weight — — —

-— — in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder or by

any other Measure reducible thereto, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels

Winchester Measure ——

N. B. For the Dimensions and Contents of the Coal Buftiel, Vide

12 Ann. Stat. 2, Cap. 17.

Culm, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, (except into the Port

of London,) the Chalder 36 Bushels Winchester Measure —

Cynders, made of Pit Coal, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, for

, every Chalder containing 36 Bu(lids Winchester Measure ~ —

Coals, Culm, and Cynders, carried from the Bridge of Sterling which is on the Firth

of Forth to the Town of Dunbar, or to Redhead, or to any Part betwixt

them, or from Ellen Foot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or

from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellen Foot and

Bank End aforesaid, are not by reason of such Carriage liable to any Duty of

Customs.

Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, brought Coastwise kito the Port of London,

c

Duty.

s. 1 d.

viz.

in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton

containing 20 Hundred Weight ——

— - in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder or by any

other Measure whatever reducible thereto, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels

Winchester Measure ——

Culm, brought Coastwise into the Port of London, the Chalder containing 36

Bushels Winchester Measure ——

Coals, brought Coastwise into the Port of London for the only Use and Service of the

Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 Chalder by the Year, the Chal-

der containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure — — —

»—■ For all Coals that shall be used for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the

Counties of Cornwall and Devon, or in Fire Engines for the draining Wa-

ter out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall,

there shall be repaid a Drawback of all the Duties paid thereon.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such

Drawbacks shall be repaid. Vide 9 Ann. Cap. 6; and 14 Geo. II,

Cap. 41.

T'or all Coals that shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead

Ores within the Ille of Anglesey, or in Fire Engines for draining Water

out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Ille, there shall be re-

paid a Drawback of all the Duties paid thereon, provided the Amount of such

Drawbacks shall not exceed the Sum of £1,500 in any one Year.

For the Conditions, Regulations, Rellrictions, and Limitations, under

which such Drawbacks shall I* allowed. Vide 26 Geo. Ill, Cap.

104.

Culm, to be used for the burning of Lime, viz.

Sent Coastwise in any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, not exceeding 30 Tons

Burthen, from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the

County of Pembroke to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke,

Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels

Winchester Measure ——

N. B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which

Culm may be sent as before mentioned, Vide 33 Geo. II, Cap. 9.

Wine, in Bottles exceeding Three Dozen, or in a Calk or Calks exceeding Ten

Gallons in Quantity, sent Coastwise or by Land Carriage into the rort of

London or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever within the Dif-

tance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to

the proper Officers of the Customs nearest to the Place from whence such

Wine is Intended to be removed; viz.

- of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, the Ton con-

taining 252 Gallons - —

- - of any other Sort, except Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wines, the Ton

- containing 252 Gallons ——

N. B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such

Wine may be so removed, Vide the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

£-

Drawback*

^.oooole

