A. IX 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III* C. 15-5-18. 525

CAP. XV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-nine.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to authorise, in case of Necessity, the Importation of Bread,

Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering

on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast

of Labrador.

WHEREAS by an Act pnfTed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- Pre.mhie*

tituled. An Act for regulating the Trade between the-Subjells of his Majesty s Colonies and Plantations *8 Geo. j.c. 6.

c in North America, and in the Wtit-India Ijiands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of veiled.

‘ America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Ijiands in the YVeft Indies; it is amongst

4 other Things enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the

4 Territories belonging to the United States of America, by Sea, or Coastwil>, into the Province of Quebec,

4 or into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint Lawrence, from

the Sea, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Veil'd importing the fame,

and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas it may be expedient, for

the better Supply of the Persons employed in the Fisheries carried on, as well within the said Province, as

in all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and on the Islands within the said Gulf,

and also on the Coast of Labrador, that certain Sorts of Provision should be imported into the fame from

the Territories belonging to the said United States, when the Neceftities of such Persons shall so require

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of Th« King, by

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- 9rder in CVun*

rity of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be c!*»

iilued and published, from Time to Time, to authorise, in case of Necessity, the bringing or importing of [J,ginr*

Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, as well into the said Province, as into all the Countries bor- &c. Bread, Hour!

dering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and into the Islands within the said Gulf, and also to the Coast of LiveS ock, and

Labrador, for tire then ensuing Season only, from any of the Territories belonging to the said United States Indian Com,

©t America, for the Supply of the Persons employed in carrying on the said Fisheries: Provided always, provided they be

That such Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, so authorised to be imported or brought, shall not

be imported or brought, except in Conformity to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as shall be spe- o!)*, by Brink

Cified in such Order or Orders, and except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships owned by his Subj*a«*in

Mr.jtfty*s Suhjefts, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together Brihfti Srio«;

with the Ship or Vefiel importing or bringing the fame, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, °lh/r"\,c 10 be

and Apparel. ... '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities, m*T

and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized by the Commander or Commanders of Cor^*ddrr< of

any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer, specially ships or w*r,

authorised by him or them, or by any Othcer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs; and that every For- kc and reco-

feiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in *crrd and *r-

such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively

dflposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any For- th^Cuaums.1

feiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted or re-

covered, disposed of and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in North

America, or the IVjl Indies, respectively, as the Cafe may happen to be,

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth; and for explaining and amending an Act,

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highway*, Bridges,

and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for-

th* belter securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County E/e&ions.

4 € X7 HEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, preamble.

intituled, An All for the better securing the Rights of Persons quahjica to vote at County EleStt ns: if Geo. 3. c. 3^

4 And whereas the carrying of the said Act into Efteft would be attended with a great and continua Ex- recuef.

3 Z 2 4 pence.

