THE

STATUTES at Large, ©V.

Anno Regni GEORG 11 III. vicesimo feptimo.

1 T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini

4 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our

4 JL -a- Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France»

* and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

c And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-third Day of January, one thousand

? seven hundred and eighty-seven \ being the fourth Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful

Lotteries.

WHEREAS the good ‘and wholesome Laws, from Time to Time made and provided for the

Suppression of unlawful Lotteries, and against: adventuring in Lotteries established by Acts of

4 Parliament, in Great Britain or Ireland, by unlawful Sales of Chances of Tickets, and by Insuring for or

4 against the Drawing of such Tickets, have not been found effectual for the Purposes intended thereby:

4 And whereas, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his

4 late Majesty King George the First, intituled. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malty Mumy Cyderf

4 and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

4 twenty-two ; and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Alt to the Land Tax for the said Tear; and

4 for giving Time for inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures ; and touching loft Billsy

4 Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppr effing

4 Lotteries denominated Salesy and other Private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant

4 General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer ; it is, amongst other

4 Things, enabled, That all and every Person or Persons who, after the twenty-first Day of December in

4 the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, shall make, print, advertize, or

4 publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertized, or published, rropofals or Schemes for advancing small

4 Sums of Money, by several Persons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them

4 by the Chances of the Prizes in some publick Lottery or Lotteries established or allowed by Ad of Par-

4 liament; or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Persons advancing

4 such Sums, to intitle them to a Share of the Money so advanced, according to such Proposals or Schemes;

4 or shall make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published, any Proposal or Scheme of

4 the like Kind or Nature, tinder any Denomination, Name, or Title whatever, and shall be thereof

4 convicted, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by two or morejustices

4 of the Peace of the County, Division, or Liberty, where such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender

4 shall be found, shall, for such Offence, over and above any former Penalties inflicted by any former Ad

4 or Acts of Parliament, made against any private or unlawful Lotteries, forfeit the Sum of five hundred

4 Pounds: And whereas, in and by two other Acts of Parliament, the one thereof made and passed in the

4 twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George^ the Second, intituled. An All for the more

4 effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; and the "other thereof made and passed in the twenty-

4 second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keeperr, and

4 regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets ; many good and wholesome Provisions are enacted, which require to

4 be maintained and carried more effectually into Execution: And whereas great Difficulties have arisen

4 upon the Methods of Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts, before Justices of the Peace,

4 and many Evasions of the said recited Acts are daily put in PradiceFor‘Remedy whereof, may it please

27 Geo. III. L1 your

Preimbfc

8 Gee. 1. e.*;

11 Ge«. 2.

c. 28.

and 22 Gen. 3.

c. 47, recited j

