27

A. D. 1786. Anpp vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 31.

of the eighteenth of King George the Third, charged upon the Duties on Wines and inhabited Houses by

the said Act; the Annuities granted for twenty-nine Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-nine, and, by an Act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, charged

upon an additional Duty -of five Pounds per Centum Excise, five Pounds per Centum Sublidy, Tax on Post

Horses, and Stamp Duties on Paper, by the find Act; and the Annuities granted by an Act of the seven-

teenth of King George the Third, for ten Years, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred

and fever^y-seven, and charged upon the Sinking Fund ; in every such Cafe, all Duties which ihail be ap-

{>licable to the Payment of such Annuities, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall continue to be

evied and collected, and shall continue to be applied to such Payment, in the lame Manner, and under the

fame Regulations respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as the fame were levied, collected, and

applied immediately before the Determination of such Annuities respectively ; and that from and after the

Determination of such Annuities, the Monies now payable thereon shall be iliiied, from Time to Time,

to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be placed to the Account of the said Co;n-

millioners. f

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so soon as any Part of

the Principal or Capital Stock of any Publick Annuities, or so soon as any Annuities for L ives or Years

shall have been placed, as herein before directed, to the Account of the said Commissioners, no Sum or Sums

of Money shall thenceforth be issued or paid for or on Account of the Charges of Management of such Stock

or Annuities.

the Duties appli-

cable io the

Payment ^hereof

/hall continue to

be levied,

and rhe M nie*

paN able there, ft

fl»ni be iflTm d tO

the Bank, 8cc.

When fly S oclc

/ha ) be placed

to the Accountof

the Cot million*

er», n 1 Money

/hall be i/Tued

for the Management thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies whatever, which shall be placed

from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be applied by them

either in Payments for the Redemption of such redeemable Publick Annuities as shall be at or above Par, in

such Manner and at such Periods as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, or to the

Purchase of any Publick Annuities below Par in the Manner herein-after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Monies whatever which shall be placed

from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, which shall not be

directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be applied in Payment for the Redemption of any re-

deemable Publick Annuities at or above Par, shall bejapplied by the said Commissioners in Payments for the

Purchase of Publick Annuities below Par, in the following Manner ; (that is to say). That all Monies so to

be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners between the fifth Day of

April in any Year, and the first Day of May then next ensuing, shall be applied to the Purchase of such An-

nuities, in equal Portions, as nearly as may be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which

the lame shall be transferable, between the said first Day of May and the first Day of August then next en-

suing; and in hke Manner, the Sumsfo to be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the

said Commissioners, between the End of any such Quarter and the first Day of the Calendar Month which

/ball commence next after the End of such Quarter, shall be applied to the Purchase of such Annuities, in

equal Portions, as nearly as may be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the fame

/hall be transferable, between the said first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the

End of such Quarter, and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of

the Quarter next ensuing.

XlT. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if at any Time it shall

happen that there shall be no subsisting Publick Annuities below Par, and that the necessary Measures shall

Jiot have been previously taken by Parliament, to enable and direct the said Commissioners to apply the Mo-

nies, which shall have been placed to their Account (by virtue of this Act) to the Redemption of any sub-

fiftingf Publick Annuities which shall then be at or above Par, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised

and required to apply the said Monies to the Purchase of any subsisting Publick Annuities at or above Par,

in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations and Restrictions, as are herein before provided with

respect to the Purchase of Publick Annuities below Par.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

for the said Commissioners, if they shall think it expedient, at any Time between the End of any Quarter

and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of such Quarter, to sub-

scribe any of the Monies which shall have been placed to their Account at the End of such Quarter; and

also all such Monies as shall be to be placed to their Account, by virtue of this Act, during the Remainder

of the-then current Year, computed as by this Act directed, towards any publick Loan, to be raised by vir-

tue of any future Act or Acts of Parliament, by such Annuities as are herein after mentioned, that

is to say. Perpetual Annuities, subject only to Redemption at Par, for which the Sinking Fund shall

be collateral Security : Provided always. That the Capital Stock of such Annuities so to be granted shall

bear the Came Rate of Interest with Lome Capital Stock of redeemable Publick Annuities then subsisting;

and that the Amount of the Capital Stock to be given for every Sum of one hundred Pounds so to be

subscribed, shall be estimated according to the Market Price of such subsisting Stock at the Time of such

.Subscription.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Speaker of the House of Commons,

the Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, the Accountant General of the Court

of Chancery, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, for the Time being respec-

tively, shall be Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act ; and that all Powers

and Authorities, which the said Commissioners are or may be enabled or required to exercise, by the pre-

E 2 sent

Monte* pUceJ to

ihe Account of

the Cummission-

ers to be applied

in Redem - ion

of Ann jiti? $ At

or above Far.

Mo't paiticulaf

Application of

the Moniei to be

placed to the Ac-

count of the

CommUfioner*

Direction* for

the t'ommi/Ii on-

er* when there

are no Annuities

below Paf.

Cotnmissionert

impowered to

subscribe to-

wards any future

Publick Loan,

dec.

Who frail be

Commiffiemen*

