346 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

: 1

. i

ii

Hides, continued. \£.

have been paid) and exported as Merchandise to Foreign Parts, Two Thirds of the Duties of

Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereot respectively.

For all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins respedivdy which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed in Great

Britain (for which the Duties by this Act iir posed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and ex-

. ported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, T*o Thirds of the Duties of Excise by tills Ad imposed

in respect thereof respectively.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides and Calve Skins respectively wh;ch shall be dressed

or curried in Great Britain (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have

been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny. — —

For every Pound Weight of Avoirdupois of Seal Skins which shall be tanned or tawed in Great

Br itain (fnr. which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and ex-

ported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny. — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, chargeable by this Act

to pay a Duty by Weight (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been

naid) which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as

Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Halfpenny. — — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves, or other Manufactures, made of

any Kind of tawed or dressed Leather, chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight (for

which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) exported as Merchandize

to Foreign Parts, Two Thirds of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof re-

(j>edively.

HOP S.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which

shall be cured or made fit for Use, and on which the Duties of Lxcise by this Act, imposed in re-

sped thereof shall have been duly charged, exported as Merchandize to Ireland, One Penny and

Twelve Twentieth Parts of a F arthing. — —- — —

PAPER. -

For all Paper which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect

thereof mall have been paid) and exported as Merchandise to Foreign Parts, the Whole of the

Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

PRINTED GOODS.

‘For every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain,

for Hangings or other Uses (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have

been paid) and shall be exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Three Far-

things. — — — — — — —

For all Linens, Stuffs, F.uftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, Figured Stuffs, Stuffs wholly

made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, Callicoes

and Muslins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed inXjreat Britain (for which the

Duties hereby imposed4n respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to

Foreign Parts, the Whole of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

:For all Silks and Silk Handkerchiefs which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great

Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported

as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the Whole of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in re-

sped thereof.

S ° A P.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made in

Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and

exported as Merchandize toJForeign Parts, Two-pence Farthing. — —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap which shall be made in Great Britain (for

which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Mer-

chandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Three Farthings. — — —

STARCH.

;For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch which shall be made in Great Britain (for which

the Duties hertby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to

F'oreign Parte, Three-pence F'arthing. — —- — 1 ~ —

TEA.

For all Tea (for.which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereoflhall have been paid) which shall,

be exported to Ireland or His Majesty’s Plantations in America, the Whole of the Duties of Excise

by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

W I N E.

For every Tun of French Wine which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any

L

it

H

«l

i

