Plwnbroken to

produce their

Book* when ne-

ed lary.

384 C. 37. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Satisfaction, in respectto such Damage, as any such Tuftice or Justices shall order or award; and, upon lb

doing, the Justice or Justices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Ad-

mini lfratois, or AiTigns, had paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal and Profit as aforesaid;

and if the Satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels shall

be equal to, or exceed the Principal and Profit aforesaid, then, and in such Cafe, the Person or Persons to

whom the lame were so pledged or pawncJ, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall

deliver the Goods or Chattels so pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof, without being paid any Thing

for Principal or Profit in respect thereof, and shall alto pay such Excel's if any, to the Person or Persons

entitled thereto, under the Penalty of ten PounJs, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after

mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him, on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible

Witnt fs or Witnesses, where any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended

against this Act, or respecting any Dispute between any Pawnbroker and Person having pawned Goods, or

the Owner or Owners of Goods pawned, or respecting any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Oc-

casion whatsoever, which, in the Judgment of any Justice or Justices, shall make the Production of any

Book, Note, Voucher, or other Paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or

Power of any Pawnbroker, to summon such Pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any

Book, Note, Voucher, or Paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her Custody or Power,

relating to the fame, which he or Ihc is hereby required to produce before such Justice or Justices in the State

the fame was or were made at the Time the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erase*

ment, or Obliteration whatsoever; and in case such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to pro-

duce the lame in its true and perfjdl State, such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good Cause

for such Neglcdl or Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds,

for the Ufc, and to be levied in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall, from and

after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, in any wise offend against

this Act, every such Pawnbroker shall, for every such Offence, in neglecting to make, or cause to be made,

in a fair and regular Manner, in such Book or Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be

made by him, her, or them, by this Act, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and for every other Offence against

this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specifick Offence

against any Part of this Act, the Sum of five Pounds; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence

committed against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or justices

of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be

committed; and it shall be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices to award to the Party complaining, out

of the said Penalty, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or

Penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied by this Act, to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the

Poor of the Parish or Place where the Off’ence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers

of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided always, And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subjeSor liable

to any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, for any

Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within

twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overieersof

the Poor of any Parish or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawn-

broker against this Act, or feme or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justice of the

Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence being supposed to have been com-

mitted, shall, and they, oY some or one of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is

hereby required to prosecute every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to haie

been committed agi.inst this Act, at the Expence of the respective Farish whereof they or he are, is, or shall

be, for the Time being, such Officers or Officer.

£nd?oVerfon* XXIV. Provided always. T hat nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,to

lEdii Money any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall end Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever upon Pawn

at 51. per <'ent. or Pledge, 2t the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or greater

without further Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Profit.

Penalty on

Pawnbroker* of.

fending against

Chit A A.

Churchwardens,

he. to prosecute.

Justices rot to

»Mve any Fee* or

Gratuitie for

»Aing under thin

Ad.

The A A to ex-

tend to Eiecu-

ton, Ac. of

Pawnbrokers.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gratuity

whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received by any Justice of the Peace, his or their Clerk, or by any Per-

son whomsoever, for any Summons or Warrant, or other Proceedings whatsoever to be granted or made

by any [ultice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Provisoes, Regula-

tions, and Clauses contained in this present Act, shall, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one tftou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-iVvtn, extend to, and include the Executors, Administrators, and Affigto,

of all and every deceased Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the fame extend to and include the Pawnbroker,

when living, save and except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker (bail

be answerable for any Penalrv or Forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies

or Estate, unless the lame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, 'her, or their own Act or Neglect.

7 XXVII. And

