A.D.i78g* Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 26. 531

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the Evidence, and without alledging more than the Sub-

fiance of the Offence, in all Cales wherein any Justice of the Peace hath Power to convict by virtue of the

present ;

“ *pE it remembered, Th’t on tbc Day of in the Year of our Lord

at in the County of vf. B. came

44 before me, C.D. Esquire, one of his Majesty’s JtsAfC-rr of the Peace for the said County, ref.ding near

44 the Place where the Offence herein-after mentioned was committed, and infer*!'*'* me that E. t\ of ^

44 in the said County of [Here Jet forth the Fast for which the Information is Inn!j i

44 whereupon the said E. F. being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me, and

44 having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, acknowledged and voluntarily confcffed the

44 FaCts therein stated to be true, but in his {or her) Defence alledged f here Jetting forth the Suhflance of tb*

4< Defence] ; or voluntarily contested the said Charge to be true, or did net make any Defence against the

44 said Charge, whereupon the fame was fully proved on the Oath of G. H, a credible Witness ; or said

44 that he {or (he) was not guilty of the said Offence, whereupon the fame was fully proved on the

44 Oath of G. H. a credible Witness [or ns the Cafe shall &?], or did not appear before me pursuant to the

44 said Summons, but the said Charge was fully proved on the Oath of G, //. a credible Witness [or ns the

44 Cafe shall be] \ and therefore it manifestly appearing to me that the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence

44 charged in the said Information, I do hereby conviCt him (or her) of the said Offence, and do adjudge

44 that he (or (he) hath forfeited the Sum of (or his (or her) Licence, and the Sum

41 of ) of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the Law direct*:, accord-

44 ing to the Form of the Statute in such Cafe made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the

44 Day of

Form of Con-

vidio.i.

XXVp. And bo it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Conviction upon this Act (hull be ^0bCor”^fv!^

removed or removeable, by Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, into his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, or into\nyo°h'r

any other Court, save upon an Appeal, as by this Act is directed. Court, raveup n

v Appeal as directed by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice, before whom any Justices* ho

Person hath already been convicded of any Offence, under or by virtue of any of the Acts hereby repealed, 0*5re^citedhi«

and having received for his Majesty’s Use any Part or Share of any Penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, under 0p penalties*

or'by virtue of such Conviction, for which he has not already accounted, (halJ, within fix Adonths^fter the e°*

pa fling of this Act, transmit to the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, a

Schedule or Schedules, containing the Names of the Persons so convicted, the Day on which they were

convicted, their respe&ivye Offences, and the respective Sums now remaining in the Hands of such Justice

for his Majesty’s Use, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of such Convictions, arranged accord-

ing to the several Counties, Ridings, or Places within which such Convictions hath been made ; and that every

Justice, before whom any such Person shall be convicted of any Offence under or by virtue of this Act, shall

take and receive his Majesty’s Share of the Penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction ; and

that every such Justice, his Executors or Administrators, shall pay, or caule to be paid, all such Sums of

Money as shall be remaining in his or their Hands at the Time of the passing of this Act, at the next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace after the passing of this Act, and all such Sums which he shall

so take or receive upon any Conviction under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, at the next Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, after he shall have so taken or received the fame, into the Hands of the

Clerk o? the Peace, or other such like Officer, for the County, Riding, or Place within which such Convic-

tion shall have been made, who is hereby directed to remit the fame forthwith, without Fee or Reward, to the

laid Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, or to such Person or Persons as the

greater Part of them shall appoint; and that every such Justice, his Executors or Administrators, shall im-

mediately on such Payment made to any Clerk of the Peace, or other such Officer, transmit a like

Schedule to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or the greater Part of them, shall

appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, iMatters, and Things whatfo-

ever, which in and by the said Act, made in the Reign of King William the T hird, or by any other Law now

in force relating to or concerning the Duties by that Act granted, are provided, settled, or establdhed, (other

than so far as the same is, are, or shall be inconsistent with, or contradictory or repugnant to any Thing in

this Act contained, and other than in such Cafes for which different Provisions are prescribed by this Act,)

shall be.exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying,

cplleCting, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, and be in force, with RefpcCt to the

same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Di-

rections, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particu-

larly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be

summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace,

touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, or to the herein-before mentioned Act, made in the Reign

of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Pur-

pose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Reftifal, to be allowed of by such Justice or

zg Gjlo. ill. 4 A Justices

under the re-

pealed Ad», to

transmit an

Account thereof

within fix

Months after

p fling this Act.

Justices to re-

ceive his Ma-

jesty’s Share of

Penalties under

this Act.

Justices to paj

Money received

by them to tbc

Cleric of the

Peace, who is to

remit it to the

Commissioners

for licensing

Hawkers, Sec,

Powers of 9

10Gul. 3.C. 27.

Sec. to be its

toice, except

hereby altered.

Witnesses re-

fusing to attend,

Sec. to forfeit

101.

