Militia Men

falling sick on

the March ro bp

relieved* and ibf

Expeiice to be

repaid by the

County Tiea-

furcr.

Justices mty

grant Warrants

for impressing

Carriages for tht

Militia on its

March.

A.D. 1786V Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 107. 2^

other Chief Magistrates, or Officers, by his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or bjrthe Colonel or Commanding

Officer of the Militia of the Gounty, Hiding, or Placte, where they shall be so called out to exercise as afore-

feid ; and when the Militia fe not embodied, all Mayors and other Chief Magistrates, and Officers afore*

said, or (in their Default or Absence) any one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they or he are or

is hereby required to order and provide convenient Lodging, in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants,

Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted. That in case any Militia Man shall on his March, or at the Place

where he shall be called out to Annual Exercise, be difebled, by Sickness, or otherwise, it mall be lawful for

any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any

City, Town, or Place where such Man (Kail then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him

such Relief as such Justice, Mayor, oj Chief Magistrate, shall think reasonable, and the feme shall be given

by the Officers or the Parish, Tything, or Place where such Militia Man shall then be; and the Officers

giving such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Treasurer of the County,

Hiding, or Place, for which such Militia Man shall serve (such Account being first allowed under the Hand

of a Justice of the Peace), be reimbursed such Expences by such Tneafurer, and he shall be allowed the feme

in his Accounts.

LXXX. And be it further enacted. That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised,

any Justice of the Peace of any County,' Riding, or Place, being thereunto required by an Order from the

Lieutenant, or from any Deputy Lieutenant, of such County, Hiding, or Place, or from the Colonel, or

other Chief Commissioned Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Company, or Detachment of Militia, be-

ing within such County, Riduig, or Place, to issue his Warrant to the.Chief Constables of Hundreds,

Rapes Laths, Wapentakes or Divifiotis,‘or to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head boroughs, or other

Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings, or Places, from, through, near, or to which any such Regiment,

Battalion, Company, or Detachment of Militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such

sufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Powder, Match, Bullets, and other

Stores, with able Men to drive such Carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said Order; and in case such

(efficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lath,

Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any adjoining County,

Riding, or Place, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief

Constables, Constables, T'ythinemen, Headborough*, or other such Officers of any Hundred, Rape, Lath,

Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place within such adjoining County, Hiding, or Place, for the

Purposes aforesaid, to make ud such Deficiency of Carriages and Men; and such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieu-

tenant, or Colonel, or other Chief Commissioned Officer, requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided

as aforesaid, shall, at the fame Time, pay to every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Head-

borough, or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men,

the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with five Horses, and any Wain with l*ix Oxen, or

with four Oxen and two Horses, shall respectively travel, and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any

Cart with four Horses shall travel, and so in Proportion for any Carriages drawn by any less Number of

Horses or Oxen, for which respective Sums every Chief Conftame, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough,

or other Officer receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the feme;

and every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall order and

appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, \\rapen-

takes, Parishes, Tythings, or Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and

Men according to the Warrant aforesaid, and every Person so ordered is hereby required to provide and

fumtfb the fame accordingly for one Day’s Journey, and no more ; and in case any such Chief Constables,

Constables, Tythingmen, neadboroughs, or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such Carriages,

over and above the Money which shall be so received by them as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be borne

by every County, Riding, or Place where such additional Expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to

them, without Fee or Reward, by the Treasurer of every such County, Riding, or Place, out of the pub-

lick Stock.

LXXXI. And be it further enaffed, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regi-

ment, Battalion, and Independent Company of Militia, shall, and is hereby required, as often as the Regi-

ment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall be called out to Annual Exercise as before directed, to re-

turn, to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which the fame belongs, a true State of such Re-

giment, Battalion, or Independent Company ; and in case any such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall

refuse or neglect, for six Months after the said Annual Exerci(e, so to do, he shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and nay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted. That every Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity in-

capacitating him) who shall not appear at the l ime and Place appointed for Annual Exercise, according to

the Directions of this Act (Notice having been published as this Act requires), shall be deemed a Deserter,

and if not taken until after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and

also every Militia Man who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which he

belongs, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of Annual Exercise, and shall not be taken until afterv

the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be

immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Militia Man shall be convicted of any such

Offence shall commit such Militia Man to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize,

for the Space of six Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty,

a6 Geo. HI. H h LXXXIII. And

Rates to be paid

for such Clf-

riages.

If the Expeiiee '

exceed the Ratct

of Carriage, the

Surplus t» be

paid by thcTrea*

surer of the

County, Arc.

When the Mi-

litia is called out

to Annual Exer-

cife, Sta^e there-

of to be sent to

the County Lieu*

tenant.

Militia Men not

appearing at, «X

absenting them-

lelves during lb*

Annual Bxer-

cife, and not

taken up fill

after the Ere*.

«»fe, to fetfelt

•9 k

y

