460 G. 38. . Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

4 after the first removing within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the said Counties, upon Pain of forfeiting all

4 inch Wool if found ; but if carried away, then every Person or Persons who were the Owners of the said

•4 Wool to forfeit, for every Pound Weight, the Sum of three Shillings: And whereas Buyers and Manu-

4 faclurers of Wool reiiding within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the fa;d Counties of Kent and SuJJe*, who

4 purchase Quantities of Wool, are often obliged to fill again the Whole, or some Part of the Wool which

4 they have purchased, and which they, by the said Act, are prevented from felling to any Person or Persons

4 in the said Counties within fifteen Miles of the Sea, which is attended with great Hardship to the said

4 Buyers and Manufacturers of Wool P For the Remedy whereof,be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Buyer or Manufacturer of

Wool within the said Counties of Kent and Sujjexy refiling within fifteen Miles of the Sea, having given

such Bond, with Sureties, as is before-mentioned, to fell any Wool to any Buyer or Manufacturer of

Wool within the said Counties, who has also given such Bond with Sureties, as is aforesaid, and to remove

and 1 )dge the fame at the Warehouse or other Place belonging to the Petfon or Persons to whom the fame

shall be fold, and who has entered into such Bond, with Sureties, as is aforesaid, as often as shall be thought

necessary, although the Person or Persons purchasing the fame shall live wthin fifteen Miles of the Sea, such

Wool b ing removed, and such Person or Persons giving such Notice of the lodging and housing thereof,

as is required by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King IViUiain

the Third.

XXL Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in die said recited Act contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Wool (horn, or housed, laid up or lodged within ten

Miles of the Sea Side, within the Counties of Kent and SuJTex, or either of them, from being removed or

carried to any Town, Field, or Place, where a regular and established Fair shall be held for the Sale of

Wool; and in case the fame shall not be fold or disposed of at such Fair, to bring back such Wool to the

House or Place from whence the fame had been taken; provided that, previous to the Removal of such

Wool, a Permit be taken out containing the Quantity of the Wool to be removed, and to continue in

force for and during such Time as may be necessary for the Removal of the fame to the Fair as aforesaid, and

the returning thereof to the House or Place from whence the fame had been taken, in case the fame shall not

be fold or disposed of.at such Fair, and the proper Officers are hereby required to grant all such Permits upon

Application to them made for that Purpose from the Grower of the Wool.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That every Permit shall accompany the Wool for the Removal of

which the fame shall have been granted, and shall, in case of such Wool being fold or disposed of at the Fair

where to the fame shall be carried, be produced by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof to the proper Officer

or Officers, who shall then grant to such Purchaser or Purchasers another Permit, or other Permits, for the

taking such Wool from such Fair, and which Permit or Permits shall specify the Quantity of Wool to be

moved, and the Time during which it shall be to continue in force.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Return of any such Wool unfold to the House or

Place from whence the fame shall have been taken, the fame shall become subject and liable to the feme

Rules, Rest r let ions, and Laws, as it would have been in case the same had never been moved, or taken to

any Fair-as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whosoever

shall counterfeit, erase, or in any wise alter any Certificate or Acknowledgment in the said recited Act men-

tioned, or any Licence, Certificate, or Instrument hereby directed to be made or given, or shall cause or

procure the fame or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any Respect, or shall

knowingly make use of any counterfeited or altered Licence, Certificate, or Acknowledgment, he, (he,

or they (o offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence to any Person

or P< dons who shall iue for the fame.

XXVc And be it further enacted. That no Wool, or any other the aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Ar-

ticles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be removed or carried towards the Sea,

within five Miles of the Sea Couft of any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon any Pretence what-

ever, between Sun-setting and Sun-rising, upon Pain of the fame being forfeited, together with the Horses,

Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, in and by which such Wool, and other the said Woollen and Worsted Ar-

ticles, shall be so conveying, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons seizing the fame; and the Driver or

Drivers of every such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, shall

be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one Month, there to remain without Bail or

Main prize.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the last aforesaid Clause contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Farmer or Grower of Wool from remov-

ing or carrying at any Time after Sun-setting, such Wool as shall have been (horn that Day, from the Place

or Places of (hearing the fame to the Dwelling House or Store House of such Farmer or Grower, although

such Removal shall be towards the Sea, and within five Miles of the Coast thereof.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder any

Person or Persons from carrying and conveying, at any Time, any Parcels of Woollen or Worsted Yarn

twisted, of two or more Threads, and manufactured and prepared for Knitting, so as each Parcel be bena

fide directed to, and carrying for and to the Residence or Shop of some Retailer or Retailers of such Woollen

or Worsted Yarn, and lo as there be not more than fourteen Pounds Weight directed to and carrying for

any one Person at the fame Time, and so as such Parcel be marked according to the Directions of the A£tor

Acts of Parliament requiring the marking thereof.

XXVIII. And

x Wool may be

fold, &c. within

15 Vfiles of the

Sea in Kint and

SulTey, where

the lJar its have

given the Bond

required, &c.

Wool shorn or

ho'il-d winin to

M ilesoft htSeain

Kent and Sutfex,

may be carried

to Fairs for Sale,

&c. on Permit.

Permits for

Wool so sold to

be produced to

the Officer, See.

Wool retarned

unfold 'romFairs

to be ful>je& t

the same Rules

as before Remo-

val.

Persons counter*

feitinz Ortifi-

ca'es, See. to

fotfeii 201.

Wool, Sec. re-

moving bei ween

fiun- fe’ting and

Sun-rising,with-

in five Miles of

the Sea, to be

forfeited, Sec.

but not to ex-

tend to Wool

ihrrn, and car-

ried after Sun-

setting, th* fame

Day t-»ilie Own-

ers Houses.

Worsted Yarn,

not exc-ed.ng

14.I . prepaicd

fur ting,

imv be carried

to Retail Shops,

Ire.

Gopgle

