564. 0.56, 57. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III# A.D. 1789.

From Jan, r,

1790, if any of

the Articles

pcimitttd by the

recited AO* 10

be imported into

the Brit (h

West-Indi 1

Islands from

Foreign Writ*

India IfJards

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January one

thousand (even hundred and ninety, in cate the said Articles, of any of them, which shall have been imported

from any Island in the U'ejl InJhsy under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into

any of the fiid Islands in the ITc/i Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, shall after such Importation be

exported, or shall be shipped or laden on hoard any Ship or Veil'd, or shall be put on board any Boat or other

Veil'd, or (hill be brought to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place whatever, with Intention to be shipped on

board any Ship or Yeti el for Exportation, then, not only the said Articles, but also the said Vessel or Boat on

board of which the fame shall be shipped or laden, or intended to be shipped or laden, shall be forfeited and

loft, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

ihail be exported, they shall be ferfelted with the Veil'd, &c.

Exporters of

imin Ar icln

from the Weft

Joules to rruke

Oath that they

have not been

imported unr-er

the Authority

of the recited

AO.

Persons taking a

false Oath to be

deemed guilty of

Perjury.

By whom for-

feited VefTtls

may be leized.

How Penaltie*

tray be iccorer-

cd and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Articles which may be legally

exported from the said Islands in the//'*// Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, and which arc of the

Description or Denomination of any of the Articles herein-before particularly enumerated and described,

whether in their unmanufactured or manufactured State, shall be fliipped for Exportation from any of the

laid Islands, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall make Oath, before the Collector of his Majesty’s Cuf-

toms for the Island from which such Articles are to be so exported ( who is hereby authorised and empowered

to administer the fame) that such Articles, or any Part of them, have not been so imported as aforesaid into

the said Island under such Authority as aforesaid, from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of

any Foreign European Sovereign or State.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall

be convicted of taking a false Oath, touching any of the Facts directed or required by this Act to be testified

on Oath, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be

liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall and may

be prosecuted in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Judicature in

the West Indies.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodi-

ties, and all Ships or Veflds forfeited by this A A, shall and may be seized by the Commander or Com-

manders of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vefl'els of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer

specially authorised by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs; and that every

Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Afl shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered

in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof rerpeflively

disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any For-

feiture incurred by any Law respefling the Revenue of the Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or

recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s Islands in tie Weft

Indus respectively, as the Cafe may happen to be.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

Preimble.

27 Geo, 3. C.37.

28 Geo, 3. c. 50,

Pzw brokers

allowed to take

the fcllovong

Kates for Profit.

€ \\7 HEREAS an Afl was passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the Third, for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers; which Afl

4 was to continue in force for one Year, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred andeighty-

4 seven: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session. of Parliament, to amend and continue^ for a

4 limited Time, the above-mentioned Atl; which was made to expire on the first Day of June one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-nine, or at the End of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is ex-

4 pedient that Provision should be made for further regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers:’ May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majtfty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful horn ami after the End of

this present Session of Parliament, for all Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of a Pawn-

broker, to demand, receive, and take, of 2nd from all and every Person and Persons applying or offering

to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the follow-

ing Rates, over and above the principal Sum and Sums which shall have been lent and advanced

upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the

lame \ videlicet:

\

For every PleJge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Six-

pence, the Sum ot one Halfpenny, for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not

exceeding one Calendar Month, and the fame for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current

Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and Sixpence, one Penny Half-

penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, Twopence:

For

