33

A.D. 1786. Ahtio vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 39, 40.

of the Acts constituting such Courts: Provided always. That such Action or Suit shall be commenced

within £x Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County,

City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lancs, and other publick* Places, and for

opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle ubon Tyne, and the Liberties

thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the publick Markets,

and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

CAP. XL,

An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing

fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine

re-landing of Goods,

* \\7 HE REAS the Laws now in force, made to secure the Payment of the Duties due on such

1 W Goods as are admissible to an Entry upon Importation into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, and

4 to prevent the clandestine and fraudulent Importation and Exportation of prohibited Goods, and the re-

4 landing of Goods shipped for Exportation, intitled either to Bounty or Drawback, have been found

4 inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

Times herein after mentioned, no Goods or Commodities shall be imported or brought into Great Britain,

from any Port or Place whatever, in Parts beyond the Seas, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, belonging

in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty’s Subjects, unless the Master or other Person Having or taking the

Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, respectively, importing such Goods, shall have on board

a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, signed by such Master or other Person,

containing the Name or Names of the several and respective Ports or Places where the Goods in such Ma-

nifeft or Manifests, or Content or Contents, mentioned, shall have been respectively laden or taken on

board, the Name and Built of such Ship or Vessel, and the true Admeasurement or Tonnage thereof, ac-

cording to the Register of the fame, together with the Christian and Surname of the Master, or other person

having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to which such Ship

or Veilel truly belongs; and a just, true, correit, and particular Account of all the Cargo, and of all

Packages of Goods so laden or taken on board, with the several and respective Marks thereon; and of the

Particulars of the Cargo which is stowed loose; and of the following Particulars, in Words at Length ;

(that is to say). The several and respective Numbers of the Packages, with a particular Description thereof,

whether Leaguer, Pipe, Butt, Puncheon, Hog(head, Barrel, or other Cask or Package, describing such

other Calk or Package by its usual or ordinary Name; or whether Cafe, Bale, Pack, Truss, Chest, Box,

Bundle, or other Package, or by such other Name or Description as the fame is usually called or known.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wine of any Sort shall be imported

or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever in foreign Parts, not belonging to or

under the Dominion of the Crown of Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, unless the Master.

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Wine shall

be laden, shall have on board, in like Manner, a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in

Writing, made out and signed by such Master or other Person, on of before the Clearing or Departure of

every such Ship or Vessel from each and every such Port or Place where such Wine shall be laden on board,

containing the Name of the several and respective Ports or Places where the Wine mentioned in such Ma-

nifeft or Manifests, or Content or Contents, shall have been so respectively laden or taken on board; the

Name and Built of such Ship or Vessel, and the true Admeasurement or Tonnage thereof; together with

the Christian and Surname of the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of

such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel truly belongs; and a just, true,

correct, and particular Account of the whole Quantity of Wine, distinguishing the Quantity of each dif-

ferent Kind, so taken on board as aforesaid, and of the several and respective Marks upon the different

Packages respectively, ^nd, if known, the Names of the Persons to whom the Wines are respectively

con signed; and also, in Words at Length, the several and respective Numbers of the Packages, with a

particular Description thereof, whether Leaguer, Pipe, Butt, Puncheon, Hogshead, Barrel, or other Cask

or Package, or by what Name or Description such other Cask or Package may be usually called or known :

Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend^ to permit any

Goods or Commodities whatever, which are now by Law required to be accompanied with Certihcates or

other Documents, to be imported into Great Britain without all and every such Certificate or Certificates, or

other Documentor Documents, so required; but the fame shall, and are hereby directed and required to be

accompanied, as^ well with such Certificate or other Document, as with the Manifest or Manifests, or Content

or Contents, herein before directed; and, on Failure thereof, the Goods shall respectively continue to be

liable to all and every the Duties, Regulations, and Rcstrictions, and to the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

in all Respects, to which the lame are or shall be subject and liable by Law, as if this Act had not been made.

*6 Geo. III. F HI. And

Preamble,

No Good* to be

imported inte

Grra* B*ita n m

any Vessel be-

longing to Bri-

f:fll .ubjefts,

an «fs the Mat-

ter have<»n board

a Manifest, con*

taining the Par-

ticulars herein

mentioned.

No Wine to be

imported from

any Place not

subject to the

Crown of Great

Britain, eolefs

the Master ba« a

proper Manifest

on board.

Certificate# re-

q*iifite on the

Importation of

Condi at here*

tofore.

