258 ,C. 10. Anno vicesimo fentimo G eo rg 11 III. A.D. 1787,

CAP. X.

An AcSt to extend the ProviHons of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At1 for the wore Encouragement of the British

Ftfh eries.

Prc.mWe, retit-

inp 26 Geo. 1,

c, Si.

Tkat Part of the

Clause of recited

Act, which re-

folds the Boun-

ty of ao*. per

'Ton to decked

Vessels, repealed

4 \T 7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti—

4 V V tulcd, An A Si for the more cfjeShial Encouragement of the British Fisheries, it is enabled, That from

* and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of

* seven Years then next enluing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a Bounty

4 of twenty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annu'diy, in the Manner therein after prescribed, to the

4 Owner or Owners of every decked Vessel of not Ids than fifteen Tons Burden, manned and navigated

4 according to Law; which thall be fitted out for and employed in the British White Herring Fishery, in

c the Manner and under the Regulations therein-after directed and provided : And whereas, by Part of a

4 Clause in the said Act, it is also enacted, That every Buss or Vefiel, in order to be deemed properly fitted

4 out for and duly employed in the said Fishery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners thereof to the said

4 Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton thereby granted, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the

4 said Act, should be a decked Buss or Vessel built in Great Britain, after the first Day of January one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty : And whereas it is just and expedient that the said Bounty should be

4 extended and paid to the Owners of all Bufles and Vessels whatever built in Great Britain? and em-

4 ployed in the said Fishery, subject to the Directions and Provisions of the said Act:’ May it therefore

please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. T hat, from and after the passing of this prefect

Act, that Part of the said Clause above recited, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

from the passing of ibis Act,

and the said

Bounty extended

to all Vessels

whatever built

in Great Britain,

and employed in

the said Fiifhery,

agreeable to the

said Act.

96 Geo. 3.

x. «i. recited.

v

No Vessel to

deemed tn have

a foil C*rgo, it

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounty granted by the said Act, passed in the

twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to the Owner or Owners of Bulies or Vessels, built after

the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be extended and paid, and the feme

is hereby extended and directed to be paid to the Owner or Owners of all Bufles and Vessels whatever, built

in Great Britain, and employed in the said Fishery, subject to the Directions and Provisions of the said Ad,

which is hereby declared to be i 1 full Force, in all the Provisions, Directions, and Clauses thereof, except

in so far as the same are hereby altered.

III. 4 And whereas by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

4 intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, it is, amongst other Things,

* enacted. That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the

4 Space and Term of seven Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

4 Parliament, a Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annually, in the Manner therein pre-

4 feribed, to the Owner or Owners of every decked Vessel, of not less than fifteen Tons Burthen, manned

4 and navigated according to Law, which mail be fitted out for, and employed in the British White Her-

4 ring Fishery, in the Manner and under the Regulations therein-after directed and provided ; and that every

4 Buss or Vessel. in order to be deemed properly fitted out for, and duly employed in the said Fisheiy.

4 so as to entitle the Owner or Owners thereof to the said Bounty, mall be a decked Buss or Vessel

4 built in Great Britain, after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and shall

4 have on board (barrelled up in new Barrels) twelve Bushels of Salt for every Last of Fish which

4 such Buss or Vessel is capable of containing, and as many more new Barrels as such Buss or Vef-

4 fel is capable of carrying, and also two hundred and fifty square Yards of Netting for each Ton of

4 Buss Measurement, together with the customary Quantity of other Materials for the Equipment and

4 Mounting of the said two hundred and fifty Yards of Netting in the Fishery Business, but with Liberty to

4 make use of such Nets therein as shall be best adapted to the said Fishery ; and shall have on board not less

4 than five Men for the first fifteen Tons, and one additional Man for every five Tons by which such Buss

4 or Vessel shall exceed fifteen Tons; and so stored, accoutered, furnished, and manned, shall clear out of

4 some Port of Great Britain, at some Time between the first Day of June and the first Day of October in

4 one and the same Year, and shall proceed immediately on the Fishery, and shall there begin and con-

4 tinue to fish in an orderly regular Manner, without impeding or obstructing any other Vessel which shall

4 be employed upon the Fishery, for the Space of three Months at the lea ft, to be computed from the Day

4 upon which the Master and Crew of such Buis or Vessel shall first (hoot or wet their Nets, unJefe

4 such Buss or Vessel shall within that Space of Time return into Port with a full Cargo of Fish, taken

4 wholly by the Master and Crew of such Buss or Vessel: And whereas it is expedient, in order to

4 prevent Difficulties and Misunderstandings in regard to what is meant by a full Cargo of Fish, to declare

4 what shall be deemed and taken to be a full Cargo of Fish, according to the Intent and Meaning of

4 the said herein-before recited Act; and it is also expedient to make further Provisions for encouraging the

4 said Fishery, which is a valuable Nursery of Seamen, and is the Means of employing a great Number of

4 industrious Men, who have no other Way of living but by the Sea;* be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That no Buss or Vessel shall be deemed or taken to have a full Cargo of Fish on

board.

