A\

ui j.,

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptlmo Georgii III. C. 13. (F.) 34.3

s T a r c H.

For every PownJ Weight Avoirdupois of Starch of what Kind soever which shall be made in

Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity j to be paid by the Maker

thereof, Three-pence Farthing. —r. — — — —•

SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor which- fha’l made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fer-

mentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixt with any other

Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the

Name of Made Wines, and so in Proportion for a greater or leller Quantity; to be paid

by the Maker thereof. Eighteen Shillings and Four-pence Three Farthings. —*

T E A.

For and upon all Tea which shall be fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the East Indies, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, to be com-

puted upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold ; to be paid by the Purchaser or

Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United

Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being* — — —

VERTUICE.

For every Hogshead of Verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale; to be paid by

the Maker thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or leller Quantity, Seven Shillings and

Eight-pence. — — — — — — . —

VINEGAR.-

For every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be

brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale ; to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so in Proportion

for a greater or lesser Quantity, Ten Shillings and Three Farthings* — —

WINE.

For every Tun of French, Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, which shall be imported into

Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or leller Quantity ; to be paid by the Im-

porter thereof before the Landing thereof, Seventeen Pounds ‘Seventeen Shillings. —

For every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion

for any greater or lesser Quantity ; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof,

Eleven Pounds Eighteen Shillings* — — — —

1 WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Gilt Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Pro-

portion for any greater or leller Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Nine-pence

For every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in-Proportion

for any greater or lesser Quantity,; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Seven-pence.. —

f.

— 18

10

17

XI

3i

4 \

7

ALLOWANC ES*

BREWERS.

UPON every Barrel of Beer or Ale abovfe Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty

hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale, and not being Beer or Ale commonly calico

Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid], which shall be brewed by the Com-

mon Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out-Beer or Ale.

publickly or privately, within the Cities-of London-and Westminster, or within the Limits of thr

Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Four-pence. — — — —

Upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exdufive of the Duty hereby

imposed on such Be^r or Ale, not being Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the

Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, or such Table Be^r) which shall be brewed by th.

Common. Brewer or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell on tap out Beei

er Ale? public kiy or privately, in that Part of Great Britain called England, not within the

said Cities of London and West minder, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and re-

turned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and

Eight-pence* — — — — — — —

£■

