A.D. 1786. Anno vicertmo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 68.

mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offendirg, and being

thereof duly convi£led, shall be, and is and are hereby deebred to be subject and liable to such Pains and

Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and

liable to.

4 VII. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 it was enabled, That Colonel Thomas Dundas and 'Jeremy Pemberton Esquire, should, and they were

4 thereby directed and required to repair to Neva Sect)a, or any other of his Majesty’s Colonies in America,

4 to esquire into such Claims : And whereas the said Colonul 'Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton Esquire,

4 did, in purfuanre of the Directions, and for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, repair to Nova Scctia^

4 and it is therefore proper that the Powers and Authorities verted in them by the said Act, should be conti-

4 nuedHe it therefore enacted, That the said Colonel Thomas Dumlas and Jeremy Pemberton Esquire,

shall, and they are hereby directed and required in AW? Scotia*, or any other of his iVlajerty’s Colonies i j

sin:eriCGy to continue to esquire into such Claims, with the fame Powers and Authorities for enquiring into

such Claims as the Comrr.illioners appointed by the said recited Acts and this prclent Act, for enquiring into

the Lolies and Services of all such Persons who have fufibred in their Rights, Properties, and Profertions,

during the late unhappy Dirtentions in AAmerica, in consequence of their Loynlty to his Majesty, and At-

tachment to the British Government, are inverted with; and in cife the said Commissioners shall differ in

Opinion with respect to any Claim, then, in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to call

to their Aflitlance the Governor of any Colony to which they mav judge it necelfury to repair; and the

laid Governor agreeing in Opinion with either of the said Commissioners, fiiu.ll decide the Matter or Qudlion

in Dispute ; and in case of the Death of either of them the said Thomas Dundas or Jeremy Pemberton, that

then the Governor of the Colony, where fuc h Enquiry shall from Time to Time be cairied on, shall be

added to and joined with the Survivor of them the said Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, and

flxall be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as 'the Person so dying is hereby inverted

with.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, arc hereby impowered, if

they shall think proper, to appoint, under their Hands and Seals, a proper Person or Persons to repair to

any Part of the United States of Americay to esquire into such Fadts and Circumstances as they may think

material for the better ascertaining the several Claims which have been presented under the Authority of the

laid Acts.

4 IX. And whereas an Act was passed in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to fro-

4 bibit all Trade and Intercourje with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Mallachufets Pay, Rhode liland. Con-

4 nedlicut. New York, New Jerley, Pensilvania, the three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Vir-

4 ginia. North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within

4 the said Colonies respeedively ; for repeal'ng an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty, 44 to dfcontinue the landing and dischargingy lading or shipping of Goodsy IVareSy and Merchandhsey

44 at the Town and within the Harbour of Bolton, in the Province of MalTachufet’s Bay and also two Acts

4 made in the loft Scffton of Parliament, for rest raining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts

4 respedhely mentioned ; and to enable any Person or PerforiSy appointed and authorised by his Ala) fly to grant

4 PardcnSy to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned); whereby it was en-

4 acted. That all Trade and Commerce should be prohibited with the Colonies therein mentioned, and that

4 all Snips and Vessels of or belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, together with their Cargoes,

4 Apparel, and Furniture, and all othei Ships and Vessels whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel,

4 and Furniture, which should be found trad.ng in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going ro trade,

4 or coining from trading in any such Port or Place, should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the fame

4 were the ships and Eflbdls ol open Enemies, and should be so adjudged and taken in all Courts of Admi-

4 rulty, and in all other Courts whatsoever: And whereas Vessels, Efl'edts, Goods, or Merchandize, belong-

4 ing to Inhabitants of the said Colonies, who were loyal Subjects to his Majesty, may have become for-

4 fetted, and may have been adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize under the said Act be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed by this Act,

to esquire into Losses sustained in consequence of the said Act, by any such Inhabitants who shall give luffi-

oent Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment

to the British Government.

X. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, at their Difcre-

tion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as portible after the Determination of

their Examinations and Proceedings, by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Ac-

count of their Proceedings in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and to his

Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

XL And be it further enacted. That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to ifl'ue and cause to be paid all such Sums of .Mo-

ney, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Publick

Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer; which Sum so issued and paid, shall be employed for the

Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or

about the Execution of the Powers-of this A61, and in such Manner, and in (itch Proportions, as shall be

appointed by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals

in that Behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be issued and

paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charge to be taken or

26 Gbo. IiL T demanded

137

PenOtiet of

ferjur/.

CoTirntfli-ner*

n i:»c V'.l n e*

to continue o>

enouirc iiito

Claims;

and in case of

Dili ere nee of

Opinion, to te-

quirr tt.c A iTW-

a/!te of the (3

verror, who, in

cfe or the Dejih

of j Com mil*

ft«ner, it to flip-

py hii Place.

Commi/Ti. nrr*

may appoint

Persons so travel

in Amrrua to

esquire into

Fatti.

CommMtioners

to esquire into

LofTes fuilainrd

in consequence

of an Act 16

Geo. 3. c. 5.

Commissioner*

to p,i»e an Ac-

count of their

Proceedings ro

theTr«*.ilury and

Secretarie* of

State.

Treasury to pay

%,coo 1. to the

Commissioncjr«3

for paying

Clciki, &c»

