A.D. 1786* Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C. 107.

CIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the

Tinners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall; but that the Warden of the Stannaries in pursuance of his

Majesty’s Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate and authorile under him* shall have

and use the like Powers, and array, alfefs, arm,muster, and exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties,

or either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customsof the

said Stannaries.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenants who are or shall be commissioned for die

Militia of the City of London, shall continue to lift and levy the Train Bands and Auxiliaries of the said City,

in Manner as heretofore.

4 CXI. And whereas the Militia of the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex,common!y known

4 by the Name of The Tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the Command of his Majesty’s Con-

4 (table of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the Service and Preservation of that Royal

4 Fort \ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Constable or Lieutenant, from 'Lime to

Time, to appoint his Deputy Lieutenants, and to give Commissions to a proper Number of Officers to

train and discipline the Militia, to be raised within and for the said Division or Hamlets, pursuant to ati Act

of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Kir,g Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for

ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, and to form the fame in two Regiments, of eight

Companies each, in such Manner as the said Constable or Lieutenant hath used to do; and for defraying the

Decenary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expences of the Militia of the fame Division or Hamlets,

it shall be lawful for the said Constable or Lieutenant to continue to raise, in every Year, the Proportion of a

fourth Part of one Month’s AITefTment of Trophy Money within the said Division or Hamlets, in such Man-

ner as he hath used to do, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of

the Reign of King Charles the Second,

CXII. And be it further enacted, ^ That when and so often as the Lieutenant of the said Tower

Hamlets shall be out of the Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Deputy Lieutenants of the

said Hamlets for the Time b6ing, or the major Part of them, airembled at a public Meeting to be

called for that Purpose, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, relating to the said Militia of the said

Hamlets, which might lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant, and the fame shall be good and valid

in Law, as if done by the said Lieutenant; and that no Commission, Warrant, or Appointment, granted

or made to any Deputy Lieutenant, or other Perfom of, for, or concerning the Militia of the said Tower

Hamlets, shall be vacated or become void by reason of the Death or Removal of such Lieutenant of the said

Ttnver Hamlets.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Constable of the Tower% or Lieutenant of the Tower

Hamlets, shall appoint a Treasurer of the said Trophy Money, for receiving and paying such Monies as shall

be levied by virtue of the said A ft of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles

the Second 5 which said Treasurer shall yearly account, in Writing, and upon Oath, for the fame to the said

Constable or Lieutenant, or his Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, and which Accounts

for the feme shall be certified to the Justices of the Peace for the said Division or Hamlets, at their next

General or Quarter Sessions; and that the said Constable or Lieutenant shall not issue out Warrants for raising

ukf Trophy Money, until the Justices of the Peace^or the major Part of them, at such Sessions, shall have

examined, rated, and allowed the Accounts of the Trophy Money raised, levied, and collected for thepre-

Ceding Year, and certified the same under the Hands and Seals of four or more of such Justices, unless in Cafes

where it shall appear to such Justices that, by reason of the Death of such Treasurer, or otherwise, such Ac-

counts cannot be passed.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their

Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall put in Execution, within the said Ports,

Towns, and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, in like Manner as

Lieutenants of Counties, and their Deputy Lieutenants, may do, and shall keep up and continue the usual

Number of Soldiers in die said Ports, Towns, and Members, unless he or they find Cause to lessen the fame 1

aOd the Militia of the said Ports. Towns, and Members, shall remain separate from the Militia of die several

Counties within which the said Ports, Towns, and Members are situate; and it shall be lawful for the said

Warden, or his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, in pursuance of Orders from his Majesty, in the Manner pre-

feribed by the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, notwithstanding

one or more Months Pay advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the Soldiers into actual Service,

and to cause the Persons charged as by the said Act, to provide their Soldiers with Pay in Hand, not exceed-

ing one Month’s Pay, in such Manner as if all the ray advanced and provided had been reimbursed, and to

use the like Powers, and to array, affels, and arm, tnufter, and exercise, the said Soldiers, and to make Assess-

ments, and rflue Warrants for the Assessments made, or to be made, for raising any Trophy Money, and for

defraying the necessary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expences of the Militia of the said Ports,

Towns, and Members, as hath been heretofore used, and according to their ancient Privileges and Customs,

any Thing in the said Act, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 CXV. And whereas, for the different Rapes in the Counties of Suffix and Eqjl Kenty there arc no

€ Peace Officers who can aft officially for such Rapes: And whereas the Rapes in the said Counties arc the

ooft convenient Districts to be appointed as the Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the

several Purposes directed by this Act, and do contain within their Boundaries several Hundreds, to each of

which there is a Peace Officer belonging: And whereas the Boroughs and Ty things over which there arc

Headborough$, Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers, are uncertain in their Boundaries, and often include

€ Parts of various rarifljes, from which great Inconveniences arise, both ia ballotting for the Men to be

‘drawn

2S*

Warden of the

Stannaries to

con inue to ar-

ray, Stc. the

Tinners of De-

von and Corn-

wall.

The Lieutenant*

for London to

continue to till

thtTrain Band'.

The Constableof

the Tower to ,

appoint Deputy

Lieutenant, 5sc.

for the Tower

H-imleti, ac

cording to Act

13 St LfCar. x.

c. 3.

Drputy Lieu-

tenants to act

when the Lieu-

tenant of the

H*miets is out

of the Kingdom.

Commissioni not

to be vacated by

Death of the

Lieutenant.

Constable to ap-

point a Trea-

lurer of the

Trrphy Money,

who is to ac-

count for the

fame yearly. See.

No Trophy Mo-

ney for a (tic-

ceeding Year to

be levied, till the

Account of the

former Year hat

been allowed.

Warden of the

Ctpquc Ports,

See, may ad as

L;eutenants,fttc»

of Counties mm

do.

Militia of the

Porta to remain

separate from

the Militia of

theCbuntica^and

may be called

out not with-

standing the Pay

advanced may

not have been

reirabutfedy

