586

C. 66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Mist^rsor Sur*

(eons a ling

conttary hereto

to forfeit tool.

Ad (o extend to

Ship v» hich

failed before

Au*. 1, 175“'9»if

a Copy be deli-

vered to the

Co 1 minde*- be-

fore he has taken

in more than the

limited Num-

ber ;

and if at ruch

U« livery there

<h»ll be oft

board a Number

or any Drfoip-

ti m beyond the

allowed Propor-

tions, no more

of that Defcrip-

tion is to be re-

Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where they shall first land, which the Cdl^or

or other Chief Officer is hereby impowered and required to receive and administer, and the said Collector

or other Chief Officer shall forthwith transmit the lame to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs

in London; and if such Mailer or Surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such Master or Surgeon shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majestyv

his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for

the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Provisions contained in this

A61 shall extend and be in force with respefit to such British Ships as aforesaid as shall have failed before the

first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, from any Port of Great Britain, and shall

on the Coast of Africa take on board and convey any Slaves to any Parts beyond the Seas, in all Cafes

where a printed Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Commander or principal Officer of any such Ship,

before such Ship (hull have taken in a greater Number of Slaves than in the Proportions herein-before

limited: Provided always. That if any such British Ship as aforesaid shall have on board a greater Number

of the said Slaves than in such Proportions as aforesaid at the Time the Copy of this Act is delivered to such

Commander or principal Officer, or other Person having charge of the fame as aforesaid, it shall not be law-

ful for such Commander or principal Officer as aforesaid, or any ether Person having charge of the fame, to

receive on board any more of the said Description of Slaves than shall have been on board at the Time of the

said Copy of this Act being delivered as aforesaid, or of any other Description of Slaves, so as to exceed in

the whole the Proportions herein-before described, reckoning five Children who shall not exceed four Feet

four Inches in Height as equal to four grown Slaves as aforesaid; and if any such Master or other

Person as aforesaid shall act contrary hereto, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful

Money of Great Britain for every such Slave so taken on board, one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall ro

to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall sue for

the fame.

ceived, nor of any other, so as to exceed in the wh. le the p*escribed Pioportions. Master* ailing contrary hereto, to forfeit 301* for each Slave.

Admiral ? to V. A nd, in order to the due Execution of this Act with respect to such Ships as shall have failed previous

a; pom: » erf ni first j}ay Qf Angiji one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

thef «rnmincer* Admiral of Great Britain to appoint a proper Person or Persons to deliver Copies thereof to the Corn-

er ship* (hat manders or other principal Officers who shall be on board such Ships or Vessels, which Person or Persons so

luilid pri, r to appointed shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorised to take an Account of the Number of the

A«jg 1, »7‘*9» Slaves, their Sex, and such of them as shall exceed the Height of four Feet four Inches, on board such

Account of the Ships as they shall find on the Coast of Africa, or the Seas adjacent thereto, at the Times the/ shall deliver

Slave-. the printed Copies of this Act on board the fame, by muttering the said Slaves; and the said Person or

Such; erfonsto Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall, with as little Delay as possible, transmit to each of the Collectors

Oou Lifts of the of the Customs in the Brit if) Islands in the West Indies a List of the Ships on board of which Copies of

Ships to which this Act shall have been delivered as herein-before directed, and of the Names of the Commanded

the vtf h-.s been thereof, together with such Account so taken in each Vessel as aforesaid, Copies of which Lifts and Ac-

toIh-T-oi c lots C;VJ, US Coliedors shall forthwith transmit to the Coinmiilfoners of his Majesty’s Customs in

©I the: u.'toin* Loni.cn,

i 1 it.e ijiiulli Weft indies, Ac.

Comrrand-*r*,

tec. obstrueful?

t-ie P rl m ap

jtotr.ted by he

sidmirjity, to

forfeit ico U

A-fl not to ex-

tend ro Ships

Sa ving on b< ard

Sla* trs f^un I

£.ipw recked, Ac.

The upper and

lower Cabin, and

the >pace be-

tween Decks, to

be also ted to

the Slaves.

If «ny Pe Ton

take the V harge

of Vessel, who

is not qualified

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Officer, or other

Person on board of any such British Ship as aforesaid, shall obitrud or hinder any Person or Persons to be

appointed by the Commissioners (or executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, as here-

in* before diredeJ, from examining and ascertaining the Number of Slaves in any such Ship or Vessel in

Manner aforesaid, such Commander or Officer, or other Pcifon so obit rut ling or hindering as aforesaid, shall

for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain,

one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other

Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame: Provided always. That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Cale of a Ship taking on board any Number of

Slaves that (hull be found (hipwrecked, or from on beard any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mu-

tiny or iniurrefition among the Slaves or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the

Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship or continuing the Voyage, the

Proof of which shall lie upon the Master or other Person having charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on

board such Slaves.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Ship or Vessel the upper as

well as the lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Re-

ception of* such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two-third Parts of her Com-

plement of Slaves on board, in the Proportions herein-before limited, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandise

shall ever be flowed or put in any such Cabin or Place in which any such Slave shall be.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afbrefsud, That, from and after the first Day of Augtfi

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or

t ke or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel at the Time he shall clear out from any

Port of Great Britain for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless (ueb Master or

Perfofl

