A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 107.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole, or any Part of the Militia

directed by this A& to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of

Great Britain.

XCVII. And be it further enaSed. That whenever his Majesty shall cause the Militia to be drawn

out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Proroga-

tion as will not expire within fourteen Days, his Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for

the Meeting of the Parliament within fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet

And fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and ail,

in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the feme

Day.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, or (on

the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Ruling, or Place) any

three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any such Order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be tiire&ed,

shall issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers, of the several Hundreds, Rapes,

Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, with Di-

rections to forward the fame immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officeis,

of the several Parishes, Tythings, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes,

and Divisions, and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon

Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their

usual Places of Abode, within their respective Pariftes, Tythings, or Places, to attend at the Time and

Place mentioned in such Order: and if any Militia Man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore-

6td (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and

march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended, and punuhed as

a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any A& which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and De-

fcrtton, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if any Person shall harbour or con-

ceal any Militia Man when ordered out into actual Service, knowing him to be a Militia Man, every such

Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of five rounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the Militia shall fit in any Court Martial,

tipon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces; nor shall any Officer

serving in any of his Majesty’s other Forces fit in any Court Martial, upon the Trial of any Officer or Pri-

vate Man serving in die Militia.

C. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of

Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, and during (he Time they shall continue in actual

Service, the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer thereof, shall and may ap-

pointan Agent to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, and shall take Security from such

Agent; and such Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer, shall be and is hereby

made subje&and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen, from the said Agent or from him-

IHf, upon Account of the Pay, Clothing, or publick Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be ordered

out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place shall and

is hereby required forthwith to pay, to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Mi-

litia lo ordered out, the Sum of one Guinea, for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Com-

pany; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a

Company as aforesaid the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall

have joined his Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money, so paid by the said

Receiver GeneraL shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money so received by any Captain or other

Commanding Officer (or lb much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper), shall

be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain

or Commanding Officer shall, before any Militia Man of his Company receives his Discharge, account to

such Militia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the Re-

mainder of the Money (if any) to the said Militia Man.

Cl I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Person so bal-

lotted and inrolled for any Regiment of Militia shall be prolonged, as aforesaid, beyond the Term of five

Years, then and in such Cafe the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to

which such Militia Man shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain, or

other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose

Term of Service (nail be so prolonged; and in case such Term shall be prolonged for more than three Years,

then at the Expiration of three Yckrs he shall pay the like further Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose

Term shall be so further prolonged $ and shall in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of

three Years, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall

be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer (or

so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner

he shall think most advantageous for each respediVe Militia Man; and such Captain or Commanding

Officer shall, from Time to Time, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum or Sums have been

applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such Militia Man receives his Discharge, pay over to him

the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, dilpoied of, and accountei

for

4 ClII. And

m

Not to he order-

ed out of Great

Britain.

When the Mi-

litia is called "

out, hi» M

may issue a Pro-

clamation, for

the Meeting oft

Parliament in

14 Days.

When the Mi-

litia is ' rdered

to be called oii%

the County Lieu-

tenant, fee to

iflut.Orderi ac-

cordingly.

Militia Officers

not to fit on ibe

Trial of Officers

of the other

Forces.

An Agent aiiy

be app tntrd by

the Colonel,

from whom he

is to take Se-

curity.

When the Mi-

litia is ordered

our, the Re-

ceiver General

of the Land Tax

to pay one

Guinea for the

Use of each

Maa.

Captains to ac-

count with the

Men for the

fame.

Bounties to be

paid when the

Terms of Ser-

vice are pro-

longed.

