53

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 48.

receive joint Fees or Perquisites, ard where the Judges are not in future to receive them, the said Judge

and Judges of the two Courts aforesaid reflectively are hereby impowered and required, on or before the first

Day of November, in the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-iix, to establish Regulations for the

Payment of the Clerics and Fifcals Dues in their Teveral Courts, according to the just Amount of the Pro-

portions or Sums which the said Clerks and h deals have been in life to receive in Time past in the Cafes

P aforesaid, and which Regulations shall be entered in their Books of Sederunt; and it shall be lawful and com

petent to any Party concerned to complain to the Court of Session against such Determination, at any Time

within six Months thereafter;, whose Judgment given upon the fame, or that of the said Judges not con-

plained of, ill a 11 continue to be die Rule lor levying the said Dues in Time coming.

V. And be it enacted,-That in Time coming, no Person ih.dl be appointed to the Office of Judge of the

said Court of Admiialty, or to the Office of any of the said Commillaries, unless he has, durn.g three

Years immediately preceding his Appointment, attended the Court of Session regularly and bona jide as a

Practitioner in the Time of Session ; and if any* Appointment shall happen to be made contrary to the true

Intent and Meaning hereof, the fame shall be null and void.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, within that Parc of Great Britain called Scotlandr to replace to the Revenue

the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Aug-

mentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, Ex-

chequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland* and Commiflfary Court of Edinburgh,

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7 E> your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parlia-

4 VV ment aftembried, being desirous to replace to your Majesty’s Revenue, arising in that Part of Great

1 Britain called Scotland, by the most easy Means, the Sums granted out of the fame in this present Session

4 of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary*

4 Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commiffiary Court of Edinburghdo therefore most

humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Exellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament sflenibkd, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one

thousand (even hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout that

Part of Britain called Scotland, unto and for the Use of his’Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several

and respective Rates and Duties following ; that is to say,

I That for and upon every Skin* or Piece of Vellum or Parch me nf, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon

* which shall be engrafted, printed, or written, any Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or YVitneiles

! fcken in any Cause or Suit before the Court of Session, or Commission of Teinds, or Court of Admiralty

in Scotland, or CommilTary Court of Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court in Scot-

Innd, or whereupon any Affidavit, or written Deposition produced in the Court of Exchequer in Scot-

land, shall be engrafted, printed, or written, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Shilling

Sterling.

7’hat for and upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upoa

which Quh be engi oiled, written, or printed, any Extract or attested Copy of or from any Deed, Instrument,

or Writing (except Protests upon Bills or Promffibry Notes under forty Shillings Sterling), given out from

{ any Publick Register, or from the Books or Record of any Court in Scotland, there shall be charged a

\ Stamp Duty of one Shilling Sterling.

t

j II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enabled. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

} construed to extend, to charge with the said Rates and Duties any Deposition or Depositions taken ip any

« Caule or Suit before any of the said Courts in Scotland, which is iniifted in at the Instance of the Publick.

.$ Prosecutor, for the Publick Interest, or where the Publick Revenue is concerned; or any Deposition or

’ Depositions taken in any Civil Cause, before any inferior Court aforesaid, where the Stun or Sucjeft con-

eluded for is under the Value of five Pounds Sterling, exclusive of Costs ; or any such Deposition or De-

* portions, taken in any of the Courts aforesaid, by or at the Instance of any Person or Perlbr.s on the Poor’s-

Roll of such Court, and who is, are, or shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis \ or any Ex-

lf2fts of the Decrees of Courts, other than such forma! Decrees of Registration as are usually annexed to*

the Extracts of Writings.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectuallevying-

and collecting the said Duties herein before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and

Management of the Commissioners for the T ime oeing appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to

J employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may

be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requilite in

that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for puttingthis Act in Execution, with relation

to

Regulation! to

be Hlablifhrd

for Pivment to

the Chiles snd

Fifcalt (hei- ac-

customed Duee.

Vo Person to be

appointed fudge

o Commissary

v> ho has not

practised in the

t ourt of Session

three Years.

Preambles

From July

1786, the f.-la-

lowing Stamp

Duties shall be

paid on Vellum,

See.

For every Skin

of Dcpofuiona

before the Court*

of Session, or

Affidavit in the

Exchequer, x

For every Er-

tra£> from any

Publick Regi*

flee, i«. per

Skin.

Not to extend fo~

Matters where

the Publick In-

ter* ft is cone rn»

ed, nor to Civil

cause< under ’he

Valueot yl.&c*

Duties to be nn*

der .be Manage-

menl of the

Commissionert

fwf Stamps.

