*59

A. D. 1786# Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 73.

c tional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted and imposed upon the Produce and Amount

4 of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as therein is excepted), then

* payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the Management of the respective

4 Commissioners of Excite in England and Scotland: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-

c second Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties Alt 21 Geo*

4 upon the Produce of the fevered Duties under the Management of the respeSlive Commissioners of the Customs and c* 66. recited.

4 Excfe in Great Britain, a further additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted to

4 his Majesty upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and

4 Charges (except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected

4 under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland: And whereas

4 it is expedient to suspend the several additional Impolts, Rates, and Duties by the said several Acts made in

4 the nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, imposed

4 upon Rum, and upon other Spirits imported into Great Britain, from his Majesty’s Sugar Plantations in

4 the H'cjl Indies;* be it therefore enabled, That the several additional Rates and Duties in and by the said Andtheadditi-

Abls of the twentieth of his present Majesty’s Reign, granted and imposed upon Rum and Spirits imported onai Duties

into Great Britain, being the Produce, Production, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Islands, or Sugar thereby imposed

Plantations, in the West Indies; and also the several and respective additional Imports, Duties, or Charges, ©nRumandSpi-

aiter the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, imposed and granted in and by the aforesaid three several Acts. Wei/lodils,6

made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of. his Majesty’s Reign, upon Rum and suspended for

Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture aforesaid, imported into this Kingdom ; and all Penal- two Years,

ties and Forfeitures in respect of the said additional Imports, Duties, or Charges therebyJimposed upon the

Rum and Spirits aforesaid respectively, shall be, and the lame are hereby suspended for the Term of two Years,

to be computed from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six •, but that such Sufpen-

fion shall not extend to or affebt any of the Arrears of the said additional Imports, Rates, or Duties, or any of

them, now remaining due and unpaid, or any Penalty or Forfeiture, or Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred

in respea thereof.

FORM of the ENTR Y*

For a Corn Distiller»

I A. B. of Street, in the Parish of Distiller, do hereby revoke all former Entries^

by me made, and do make Entry of the undermentioned Utensils for preparing and distilling Wash front:

Corn and Grain 5 videlicet •,

One Copper, for preparing and brewing Worts*

One Math Tun, for mashing Grain.

One Under Back, for receiving Worts from the Mash Tuit*

Six Coolers for cooling Worts.

One Bub Back, for making and keeping Bub.

Ten Wash Backs, for fermenting and keeping Wash.

One Tack Back, for receiving Wash from the Wash Backs to be pumped into the Wash Still.

One Still for distilling Wash into Low Wines.

One Still for distilling Low Wines into Spirits.

One Low Wine Cask, for receiving Low Wines from the Wash Still.

One Spirit Cask, for receiving Spirits from the Low Wine Still * and One Feint Cask, for receiving and*

keeping Feints.

All these Utensils are situate in my Distil House in Street aforesaid, and this Entry is for

Home Consumption (or Exportation, as the Cafe may require).

JfiTitnefs my Hand, this Day of one thousand

A. 5.

Witness

For a Melajfes Distiller, ReRifitr, or Compounder.

I A. B. of Street, in the Parish of Distiller, do hereby revoke all Entries by me made*

and do make Entry of the un ier-mwntioned Utensils for preparing, fermenting, and distilling Waflj*

from Melasses or Sug .r 5 videlicet;

Fourteen Wash Backs, for fermenting and keeping Wash.

One Jack Back, for receiving Waih from the Warn Backs to be pumped into the Waft Still.

Foufc

