IOO

Th* Qu ality and

Qj n it\ of

W nr to be

tr.a kcd on all

Vefld% contain-

ing fpor<? than

thr-r Gallons, or

to be loifeited.

Colics and Place*

for keeping

Wine to be

fhrwn to the

C-ffner, or the

Wine to be for-

feited.

Ktaiki on Calks,

ScC. made by the

Officer, not to

be defaced, on

Penalty of 50 1.

No Bin, frc.

containing more

than 3 Gallons,

to be erected,

enlarged, or

used, without

No ice being

£i»en to the Ex-

cise, on Peaalty

of 501»

\

'Notice to be gi-

\en of an Inten-

tion to draw off

Wine, with the

fjnantity, that

the Officer may

attend ; and De-

claration to be

irude of the

Phce where it

is to be depefit-

ed.

No Wine to be

removed with-

out Notice,

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples, such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers ofy

Foreign Wine, shall, for each and every Inch Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in and* Sellers of Foreign

Wine, who shall have or receive into their Custody any Foreign Wine, {hall, from Time to Time,

diflin£tly mark in the moll conspicuous Part of each and every Calk, Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel capable

of containing above the Quantity of three Gallons, and in which they shall keep any Foreign Wine, the

Number of Gallons which such Calk, Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel is capable of containing, and also the

Sort of such Wine then kept or contained therein, specitying, if it be French Wine, whether the fame is

French Red Wine cr French White Wine; and, if the fame be Foieig'n Wine, other than French Wine,

whether the fame is Foreign Red Wine or Foreign White Wine, on Pain of forfeiting such Wine as shall

at any Time be kept or contained in any such Calk, Jar, Bottle, and other Vellel, together with such Cask,

Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel containing such Wine; and all such Wine, together with such Calk, Jar,

Bottle, or other Vessel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise'

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or

Sellers of, Foreign Wine, is and are hereby required to shew to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he,

(he, or they shall then be, each and every Calk, Veiled, and Utensil capable of containing above the

Quantity of three Gallons, and every Bin, or other Place, in which he, she, or they shall keep any Foreign

Wine, on Pain of forfeiting all such Wine as (hull at any Time be found in any such Calk, Vessel, Utensil,

and Bin, or other Place, uled for keeping of Wine, which has not been lo Ihewn to such Officer as aforesaid,

together with such Calk, Vessel, or Utensil; and such Calk, Vessel, or Utensil, so forfeited, together with

such Wine found therein, shall apd may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise ; and such Officer

shall mark such Calks, V7 die Is, Utensils, Bins, or odier Place, u fed for keeping of Wine, so shewn to him,

or any or either of them, with a particular, diltin£f, and durable Mark ; and if any Person or Persons

whatsoever shall, at any Time alter any such Bin, Calk, Vessel, or Utensil, shall have been so marked

by such Officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such Mark so fixed upon any such Cask, Vessel,

Utensil, or Bin, or other Place, uied lor keeping of Wine, by such Officer as aforesaid, he, (he, or they

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers

of, Foreign Wine {hall, without Notice first thereof given at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Li-

mits whereof his, her, or their respebiive Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other

Places {hall be situated, eredfc or set up any Vessel, Utensil, or other Convenience for keeping or containing

Wine, and capable of containing above the Quantity of three Gallons, or alter or enlarge any Bin, Vessel,

or Utensil for keeping or containing Wine, and capable of containing above the*Quantity of three Gallons,

which is already erected or set up, or shall hereafter be erected or set up, or shall have or keep any Bin,

Vessel, or Utensil for keeping or containing Wine, and capable of containing above the Quantity of three

Gallons, other than such as are openly kept and used in his, her, or their entered Warehouse, Storehouse*

Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place made use of by him, her, or them for keeping of Foreign

Wine, and discovered and known to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or

Seller or Seilers, shall then be, on Pain to forfeit and lose, for every such Bin, Vellel, or Utensil so eredfed

or set up, or hereafter to be erected or set up, or altered or enlarged, or kept, without such Notice given as

aforesaid, or without being so discovered and known, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Dealer and Dealers in,

and Seller and Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, {hall, before he, {he, or they {hallbegin to drawoff

or bottle any Foreign Wine, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or

Seller or Sellers, shall then be, fix Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise

in London, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing, in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their Inten-

tion to draw off or bottle any Foreign Wine, and of the Time when, and the particular Warehouse, Store-

house. Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, in which such Foreign Wine is intended to be drawn

off or bottled, and the Quantity thereof, and into how many Calks, Bottles, or other Vessels the same is in-'

tended to be drawn off or bottled ; and if such Wine, so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be French Wine*,

whether the fame is French Red Wine or French White Wine ; or, if such Wine, so intended to be drawn

off or bottled, be not French Wine, whether the fame is Foreign Red Wine, not trench, or Foreign White

Wine, not French, and from what particular Cask or other Vessel, or Casks or other Vessels, such Wine is

so intended to be drawn off or bottled ; and such Officer {hall, if he {hall deem it expedient so to do, attend

to fee such Foreign Wine drawn off or bottled, and the fame {hall be drawn off or bottled in the Presence of

such Officer, if he {hall attend pursuant to such Notice; and such Wine {hall also be packed or piied in the

Prefehceof the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, {hall then

be, or, in Default of the feme being packed or piled in the Presence of such Officer, such Dealer or Dealers, or

Seller or Sellers, {hall, immediately upon such Wine being drawn off or bottled as aforesaid, or in case thfc

Officer shall not be then present,* then upon such Officer's next Survey, make to such Officer a Declaration.

into what particular Bin, or in what particular Part of his Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars*

Vaults, or other entered Places, such Wine is intended to be, or {hall have been, packed, piled, or depo-

sited, and when such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, intends or intend to pack, pile, or depoiit the

fame, according to such Declaration, and such Wine {hall be piled or deposited according to such Declara-

tion; and no Foreign Wine {hall be removed from the Bin or Place in which the fame {hall be packed*

piled, or deposited, according to the Directions of this Act, into any other Bin or Place, in any such Ware-

houses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, before such Dealer or

Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have given to such Officer fix Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits

