A.. D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 33. 427

one Farthing upon every one hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of green Glass every nalb. of

Bottles of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported or brought into £rcen G,act

Great Britain direitly from thence, either in built Ships, or in Ships of the Built of the European Manufafl^re of

Dominions of the French King; which said additional Duty, so charged and imposed by this Act, shall be thelemopean

raised, levied, cohered, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and under and subject to the like Rules, Dominion of

Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects as the present Duty of Custo.ns, ihcFren hKing,

upon foreign green Gla(s Bottles imported or brought into Great Britain, are now raised, levied, collected, *Port;d into

and paid. ^ . Great

X. And whereas Coaches, Chariots, Landaus, Berlins, Chaises, and other Carriages of the Manu-

4 facture of the European Dominions of the French King, are, by the Laws now in force, subject on Im-

4 portation into this Kingdom to a Duty of twenty-(even Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred

4 Pounds of the Value thereof: And whereas such Articles of British Manufacture are considered, when

4 imported into the European Dominions of the French King, as Sadlery, and charged as such with a Duty

4 only of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof; and it being expedient that

.4 those Articles should be mutually imported into each Kingdom on ecjual Duties;’ be it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day'of July one thousand seven hundred and From July 5/,

eighty-eight, until the tenth Day of May which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, 1788,10 May

and no longer, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great I.°» , Ro°* ^ar*

Britain, either for Sale or otherwise, directly from France, or from any Place in the European Dominions j^riTd *rom

of the French King, in Br/tifi-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, the European

or in French-built Ships or Vessels, owned by, and belonging wholly to, the Subjects of the French King, Domin on< of

and whereof the Mailer and three Fourths of the Mariners at the least are the Subjects of the French King, the FrenchKing,

any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, or any other Carriage whatever, on Payment of a Duty of ®Q^ay^Je,n\o1

fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and no more; which Duty shall be *or 10V1.

managed, afeertuined, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in of the Value

such and the like Manner, in every Respect whatever, as the Duties payable by Law on such Goods, on thereof,

or immediately before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were managed, af-

certaimd, raised, levied, collected, paid, answered, recovered, appropriated, and applied; and the said

Goods, lo imported av aforesaid, and the Importer or Importers thereof, shall be subject and liable to every

Rule, Regulation, and Restriction, and to every Pain, Penalty, and Forfeiture whatever (except where any

Alteration is exprels.y made by this Act), to which such Goods, or the Person or Persons importing the

fame, would have been subject or liable in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty

f Queen Anne, intituied, An Act fir encouraging the dr effing and dying of Woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, 6 Ann. c.

4 by laying a Duty upon Broad Cloth exported white, a Duty of tWe Shillings was directed to be paid to her

Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for every white Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, ex-

4 ported out of this Kingdom into foreign Parts: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the twenty-

4 seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An A:i for repealing the several Duties of a7pco 3»«»

4 Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with jecilc<i*

the other Duties comp sing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Impo tat ion of certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, the Produce or Mamfailure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this

4 Kingdom; and fir aj plying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of An-

4 nuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; the said Duty, imposed by the said Act, so made

and passed in the said sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was repealed, and in lieu

4 thereof a Duty of five Shillings ar d six Pence the Piece was imposed on the Exportation of white Woollen

4 Cloth commonly called Broad Cloth: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether the said Duty of five Lift recited A&*

4 Shillings and six Pence, so imposed as aforesaid, is not now payable upon any Woollen Cloth, if white, not

4 although the fame may have been dyed or dressed in this Kingdom :* Be it therefore enacted by the Au- WooUen Cloth

thority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act, so made and passed in the twenty-ieventh Year of the dye<i or dressed*

Reigd of his present Majesty, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to charge with Duty any here, with any

white Woollen Cioth, on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom into foreign Parts, provided the fame. Dul? on E*-

shall have been dyed or dressed in this Kingdom. portation.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties imposed by this1 Duties under thir

Ad shall be appropriated and applied in like Manner as the Duties granted by the before recited Act, made 7aoted

and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were appropriated and Uftieuied

applied.^ Ad.

XIII. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,'intituled, An x c«o. 3.,c. 1+

4 Atifor the Support of his Mayfly's Hou[ehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great 1

4 Britain, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, and other Revenues granted to his late Majesty King

4 George the Second, for defraying the Expences of his Majesty’s Civil Government, were made Part of*

the Aggregate Fund, and a certain Revenue granted out of the said Fund to his Majesty during his Life;

4 but in the said Ad it is provided and enabted,“ That the several and rel'pedive Duties and Revenues which

44 were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

44 for and during his Life, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the Life of his present Ma-

44 jesty, in the same Manner only, and subject to the fame or the like Charges thereon, as the fame were.

44 liable or subject to during his said late Majesty’s Life; saving always to all and every Persons, Bodies

44 Rolitick and Corporate, their Heirs and Succdlbrs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (other than

44 to out said sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Succcifiors, and other than to such Person and Per*

44 fons

