28

C. 31.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786#

sent or any future A cl or Acts of Parliament, shall and may be exercised by any Number, not less than four,

of the said Commissioners.

XV. AnJ be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa id, That the said Commissioners shall be, and

they are hereby authoris'd to appoint and employ such Clerks and other (.)dicers as shall be necessary ; and

that all Proceedings whatever, to tc had by or before the said Commissioners, shall be entered in proper

Books.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Order of the said Commissioners

shall at any Time be a ur.Hcient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for

issuing and paying any Part of the Money to be veiled in the said Commissioners, in the Manner herein

directed; and such Perton or Perions as shall, from Time jo Time, be nominated and appointed by the

said Commissioners, to make 0 e Purchases of Publick Debts and Annuities, on the Account of the said

Commissioners, for the Uic of the Publick, and for the Purposes of this Act, is and arc hereby authorised

and enabled to accept the Transfer of any Stock or Annuities to be purchased in the Manner herein before

directed, and to make the Payments for the fame to the Persons from whom the lame shall be purchased, and

to give or accept all the neceiffry Receipts and Acquittances on the Pa.t of the said Commissioners : Pro-

vided always, That such Nomination and Appointment shall, from Time to Time, be notified to the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Hands of the said Commissioners.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account shall be made up to

the first Day of February in every Year, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of all Sums

whatever which shall have been paid to the said Governor and Company, or carried in their Books to the

Account of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act; and also of all Sums of Principal or Capital

Stock of Publick Annuities, which in pursuance of this or any other Act, within the Year comprehended

in the said Account, shall have been purchased, redeemed, or paid off by the said Commissioners, together

with the Interest accruing thereupon ; and also of the annual Amount and Particulars of any Annuities for

Lives or Years, the Terms of which shall have expired within the said Year, to the fifth Day of 'January in

every Year after the passing of this Act; which Account the said Governor and Company are hereby

required to lay before both Houses of Parliament on or before the fifteenth Day of February immediately fol-

lowing, if Parliament shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within fourteen

Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a similar Account of all the said several Parti-

culars, and for the fame Periods, shall also be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within

the same Period, by the said Commissioners, together also with an Account of the 'Limes of their purchasing,

redeeming, and paying off any Parts of the Publick Debts and Annuities, and an Account of the several

Prices paid for the fame, and of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by

this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Duplicates of the said

Accounts shall be laid, at the fame Time, before the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts y

and the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts are hereby authorised and required to

proceed to the Examination thereof immediately after the End of the Session of Parliament in which

such Account shall have been so laid before the two Houses of Parliament; after which Examination by the

said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, such Account shall be further proceeded upon, and

finally determined, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Form and Manner as is and by Law ought to be prac-

tifed in the Cafe of Accounts for Monies issued at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by way of lov-

press, and upon Account.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefud, That whenever the whole Sum annruaTTy

annually recur- receivable by the said Commissioners, including as well the quarterly Sum of two hundred snd fifty

m munmlhau" t^ou^n^ Pounds herein before directed to be ilfiied from the Exchequer, as the several Annuiues and

am runt to Dividends of Stock to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Go-

4,000,0001. the vernor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of this Act, shall amount in the Whole to four

Dividends due Millions annually, ihe Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thence-

an stock paid oft forth be paid off’ by the said Commissioners, and the Monies payable on such Annuities for Lives or

fhui bee- nGder- Years as may afterwards ccafe and determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Ex-

chequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as Parliament

shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or

counterfeit, or causeor procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or afftl in the forging or

counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or

alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or disposeof any

such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders f knowing the fame to be

forged, counterfeited, or altered), then, and in every such Cafe, all and every such rerfon and Persons, being

thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fufter Death as in Cafes of Fe-

lony, without Benefit of Clergy. ^

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Gover-

nor and Company of the Bank of England shall give Security, to the good Liking of the said Commissio.iers*

for duly performing the Trust hereby in him or them reposed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any Aids or Supplies

which shall be granted for the Service of each Year, the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury, for the 'Lime being, shall have Power to discharge all such incidental Charges, not

hereby

Comrrvfliorers

may employ

Clerk*, &c.

The Bark to pay

such Money

hefted ;n the

Co rr million era

shall be or.

dered by them,

Ac.

The Bank to

nuke up their

Account with

the Com trillion-

•is annually }

whith shall be

laid betoie Par-

liament.

Commissioners

to lay an Ac-

count of their

Proceedings be-

fore Parliament!

and before the

Commissioners

for auditing

Publick Ac-

When the Sum

ed as rede rr.cd

by Parliament.

Penalty on forg-

ing any Certifi-

cate, ice. made

by virtue of this

Act.

Ca'Ueri rf the

Ha-ik. to give bc-

cutity.

Tr<■ afijry may

dDclw^-i inci-

drnial Cha ees,

&c. ot eitcuiing

this Act.

