493

A. E>. *788. Anno vicesimo o<3tavo Georgii III. C. 46.

Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited ; and

such Spirits mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Bonds shall be discharged upon

the Production of a Cettificate under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise,

in that Part of Greet Britain to which such Spirits shall be so exported, testifying the due landing thereof;

such Production of such Certificate to be made to the Collector or other Chief Officer of Excise of the

Port from whence such Spirits were exported, within six Months from the Date of such Bond, testifying

such landing of such Spirits; or such Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof that such Spirits were taken

by Enemies, or perished in the Sea, or by Fire; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the

Judgment of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respe&ivdy, or the major Part of them

reflectively.

LVI. And be it further ena£ied by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Gallon, English Wine Mea-

sure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be mikle

or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that

Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing there-

of, an Excise Duty of two Shillings and nine Pence.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietor or Proprietors, Im-

porter or Importers, Consignce or Consignees of Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland^ and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, within twenty

T)ays next after the Arrival of the Ship or Vefiel wherein any such Spirits shall be so imported, within the

Port, in that Part of Great Britain called England, where such Spirits shall be intended to be landed, /hall

make due Entry with the Collector of Excise of the said Port of all such Spirits on board of such Ship or

Vefiel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees ; and

shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the Import Duties of Excise by this A& imposed for'or in respect of

such Spirits, and land the fame; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or importers, Consignee or

Consignees, shall neglect or lefufe to make such Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Spirits within

such twenty Days, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and Packages containing the

fame, and mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise ; and the said Commissioners of Ex-

cife in England shall cause all such Spirits to be publickly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as they shall

think proper, for and towards satisfying the Import Duties by this Atft imposed for or in respetft of such

Spirits, and the Overplus, if any, (nail be applied to and for the Benefit of the Officer or Officers of Ex-

cife who shall seize the fame; and in case the Money arising from such Sale of such Spirits shall not be fuf-

ficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy, the said Import Duties, then and in such Cafe the Officer or Officers

of Excise, who shall seize such Spirits, shall be rewarded in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Ex-

cife /hall think proper; such Reward not exceeding one Shilliijg^r Gallon, and to be in lieu of all other

Allowances.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Entries so to be made of any

Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into

that Part of Great Britain called England, the Number of Casks or other Packages containing such Spirits

with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them, on board of each respective Ship or Vessel in which

the fame shall be so imported, shall be inserted, on Pain, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, to forfeit all

such Spirits, with the Cask or other Package wherein the fame shall be contained, and the fame shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Spirits, whether raw or rectified,

or compounded, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ shall be removed or carried from that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, by Land Carriage, nor

shall any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called England, be removed or car-

ried from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by Land Carriage, nor any Spirits made

or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be imported or brought into that Part of

Great Britain called England, nor any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called

England, be imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any Ship, Vefiel, or

Boat of any less Burden than seventy Tons, or in any Cask or Package which shall not contain one hun-

dred Gallons of such Spirits at the least, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits as shall be so removed or

carried, or imported or brought contrary to any or either of the Prohibitions aforesaid, together with the

Casks or Packages containing such Spirits, and the Ships, Vessels, or Boats, Horses, Cattle, and Car-

riages employed in such Importation, Removal, or Carriage thereof; and such Spirits, Casks, Packages,

Ships. Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of

Excise.

LX, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Spirits made or manufactured in

that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland) of a Strength exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, nor shall any Spirits

made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be imported or brought into that Part

of Great Britain called England, except as herein-after provided, of a Strength exceeding that of one to ten

over Hydrometer Proof, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits, together with the Casks and Packages

containing the feme; and such Spirits, Casks, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of Excise: Provided always, That if the Strength of any Spirits, manufactured and imported

from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England as aforesaid,

shall be greater than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and sech Excess shall not exceed three

' • per

How Bonds art

to be d.scharged#

z*. 9cJ. per Gal-

lon to be paid for

Spirits imported

from Sc- tland

into England*

Entry to be

made of Splrira

imported from

Scotland, and

Import Doty to

be paid, and the

Spirit* landed in

twcjry Days,

©therwife to be.

forfeited,

and to be pob-

lickly fold; and

the Orerplur,

afier fmsfying

the Dutier, to be

given the Officer.

The Com mif-

Bonen may re-

ward the Cffi.

cers, if there be

no Overplus.

In Entriea of

Spirits imported

from Scotland,

the Number of

Cask*, dec. to be

infemd, on Pe-

nalty of Forfei-

ture.

No Spirits to bt

sent from Scot*

land to England,

or from England

to Scotland, by

Land, or in

Vessels of left

than 70 Tons, or

in a Cask con*

taining less than

loo Gallons, on

Pt-ilty of For-

feiture, with the

Vessels, &c»

If Spirits be

ported into Scot-

land from Eng-

land, of a

Strength greater

than 1 to 10 over

Hydrometer

Proof, they are

forfeited,

but not in the

latter Cafe, if

the Excess should

not exceed 3 per

