The TITLES of

suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during

the late unhappy Dirfenfions in America, in consequence

of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the

British Government,

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and

Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to

such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits

of die Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies.

and Solicitors.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

42. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of

Purchasers.

43. An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made

use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of

Chester; and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and

Suits depending in the fame Court.

44. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in

Ecclesiastical Courts.

45. An Act for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of

Thanet, in the County of Kent\ for ascertaining, establish-

ing, and recovering certain Duties, in lieu of the ancient

and customary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance

of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleans-

ing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, High-

ways, and rublick Passages in the Town of Margate,

and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said.Isle of

Thanet j for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen,

Carters, and Carmen within the said Town; and for

preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances

therein.

46. An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts, made

in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

George the Second, and the third Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies

Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every

Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which J,hall be brewed for Sale,

brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of

Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof

47. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several

of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the

last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act

made in the same Session, intituled, An Atl for granting

an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rafied in Great

Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand fven

hundred and eighty-six; and for appointing other Com-

missioners, together with those named in the first men-

tioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of

Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

48. An Act to enable the East India Company to con-

tinue their Warehouses already built, and to build new

Warehouses, exceeding certain Drmenfions, freed and dif-

charged from the Regulations and Directions contained in

an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

Msjcftjr King Georgette Third, intituled, An Atl for the

the STATUTES.

further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party TValh;

and for the more effefinally preventing Mischiefs by Fire

within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Li-

berties thereof and other the Parishes, Precinfis, and

Places, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes

of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and

Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and

for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and

other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may

be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid

contrary to Law.

49. An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the

City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester,

and for building a Church, and providing a Coemetery

or Church-yard, and Parsonage House within the new

Parish.

50. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in

the Town and County of the Town of Newcafilc upon

Tyne.

51. An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernard's Street,

in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith IValk, in the

County of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging

certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues

leading to the fame ; and for amending two several Acts

passed, relative to the said City, in the twenty-fifth and

twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty’s Rtign.

52. An Act for better lighting and watching the Village of

Camberiuell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads

and other Places adjoining or near thereto.

53. An Act for better draining and preserving certain Lands

and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts

adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Notting-

ham.

54. An Act to render effectual the Purchase of a House,

situate in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County

of Middljfex, to be used as an additional Workhouse for

the Pariln of Saint George Hanover Square, within the

Liberty of the City of Westminster; and lor other Purposes.

55. An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut

or Canal authorised to be made and maintained by so much

of several Acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and

twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable Cue

or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the

Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling,

to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called

Dalmuir Bums oat, in the County of'Dumbarton; and also

a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glafgtnu; for

deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and

amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making

and maintaining the said Cut or Canal.

56. An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Coun-

cil of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart,

and to make a navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike

Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock•

57. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts made

in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First,

the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

and the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part

of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that /ball

be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privi-

leges thereof, for paying the Dtbts of the said Town, and for

building a Church and making a Harbour there; and for

laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on

Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the

said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour ;

c 2 and

by ^.oooole

