A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 72.

from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, so much of the said recited

Adas enumerates the Rates and Fares to be taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, or Persons legally ad-

ing under them, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said first Day of

Auguftj witry Person who is or shall be Licensed by the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney

Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to Hire, by the Hour or Day, or

otherwise, any Hackney Coach, with Horses and Geldings or Mares, within the Cities of London and tVejl-

minster, or the Suburbs of the fame, or within the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of

Mortality, or any other Place or Places where to, by any of the Laws now in being, such Hackney Coach-

men are compellable to go, or any Person legally acting under such Licensed Person, shall be mtitled to, and

may demand, receive, and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, the Rates and Fares herein after

mentioned; (that is to say).

For every Distance within, and not exceeding one Mile and two Furlongs, the Sum of twelve

Pence:

And for every further Distance within, and not exceeding fix Furlongs (computed as beyond the said first

mentioned Distance of one Mile and two Furlongs), the Sum of six Pence:

And for every further Distance within, and not exceeding four Furlongs (beyond the said second Distance),

the Sum of six Pence:

And so in like Manner the Sum of six Pence for every further Distance within, and not exceeding four Fur-

longs, to be computed through the whole Distance which such Coach shall be driven or go:

And, as respecting such Coaches, as shall be considered to be kept in Waiting, the following Rates and Fares

shall and may be demanded, received, and taken j (that is to say).

For any Time, not exceeding three Quarters of an Hour, one Shilling; and for any Time exceeding

three Quarters of an Hour, and not exceeding one Hour, one Shilling and six Pence:

For any Time exceeding one Hour, and not exceeding one Hour and twenty Minutes, two Shillings; and

for every Period of Time, not exceeding twenty Minutes, to be computed from the Expiration of the said

first Hour and twenty Minutes, the Sum of six Pence, to be computed through the whole Time during

which such Coach shall be engaged of employed:

And fora Day’s Work or Hire, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day, the Sum of fourteen Shillings and

six Pence; and for any Time, to be computed from the Concluiion of the said twelve Hours, such Coach

shall be considered as a Coach in Waiting, the lame shall be paid for in the Manner, and according to the

Rate aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Hackney Coachman*

his Renter or Driver, shall exact or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he

or they shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and inflicted by such Persons, and in such and the like Man-

ner and Form, as by any Law or Laws now arerin being, respecting such Hackney Coachmen, their

Renters or Drivers; and that the several Rates and Fares hereinbefore mentioned shall and may be recovered,

in such and the like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachmen are by any Act or Acts of Parliament now

recoverable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hackney Coachman, his, her, or

their Renter or Renters, shall, from and after the raid first Day of August, be in Arrear of Payment of any

Rent or Rents, reserved or made payable by any Licence or Licences, granted or to be hereafter granted by

the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for any longer Time than is or shall be expressed in such

Licence or Licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them, to revoke such Licence or Licences, and to levy the Rents and Sums of Money reserved, and thereby

made payable, either upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, or Renter or Renters* in

such and the like Manner and Form as they may, by any Law now in being, do with respect to such Owner

or Owners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, he sued,

mplefted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act,

or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead

the General Issue, and give the special fatter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if upon the

Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

nonsuited, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such

Plain tiff or Plaintiffs*

143

The Fares

established by

24 Geo. 3.C, 27.

repealed.

Fr >m Aug. i,

1786, the fol-

lowing r arr»(0

be taken, vis.

For 1 Mile and

1.4th, 11.

For 3.4 h» of

Mile f urther, 6dv

For Haifa Mile

beyond the far-

mer 3*4ih», 6d {

and

For every Half

Mile furthered.

For 3.4th* of an

Hour, is.j be-

tween3-4ths and

an Hour, 1 s. 6d.

BetweenanHour,

and an Hour and

20 M inutet, is j

ftnd for every 20

Minutes after-

wards, 6d.

For ft Day of it

Hours, 14s. 6d»

Penalties for ex-

acting more than

these Fares to be

recovered at

heretofore.

Licences may be-

revoked when

Arrears are not

paid.

General Mo«»

Treble Costa*

CAPi.

