sA. D. 17 86. Anno vicesimo fextb G e o r g 11 III*

• C. 78.

*7*

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in

. Great Britain.

€ f WHEREAS* notwithstanding the Laws already made for-securing the Duties on Paper printed, Preamble;

4 VV painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, many Frauds are

* frequently practised, to the great Loss of the Revenue, and to the Injury of the fair Trader, by evil-minded

4 and indigent Persons, who are encouraged in their evil Practices by the Length of Time allowed by Law

c for the Payment of those Duties, and for the Want of some further Regulations : And whereas, by an Act

4 of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, A:i A:? for layingseveral 10 Anna. e. 1$;

* Duties upon au Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame \ and upon chequered and rec*ted P*rtg -

* Jiribed Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linensy and Stuff 's printed, painted\ orjhiined;

4 ana upon several Kinds of Jiamped Vellum, Parchment, and Pat>er; and upon certain printed Papers, Pam-

4 pbletSy and Advertisements \ for raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lett cry, to-

4 wards her Majestfs Supply ; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs j and for charging

4 certain Stocks of Cards and Dice ; and for better securing her Majcjifs Duties to arise in the Office for tie

4 Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and other wise ; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed

4 their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets ; and for borrowing Money

* upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick j it was, among other

4 Things, enabled. That, from and after the four-and-twentieth Day of June one thousand leven hundred

4 and twelve, during the Continuance of the Duties upon Paper, all and every Person and Persons who

4 should print, paint, or stain any Paper in Great Britain should, once in every six Weeks, make a true Fntry

4 in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties upon Paper, of all the Paper by him, her, or them ieve-

4 rally made fit for Use within such six Weeks respectively ; and that all and every Person and Persons who

4 should print, painty or stain any Paper in Great Britain, should from 'I'ime to Time, within six Weeks

4 after he, (he, or they should make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and dear off all

4 the said Duties for all such Paper as should by them respectively be printed, painted, or stained, so as to be

4 fit for Use or Sale: And whereas the allowing so long a Time for the making the Entries, and for the pay-

4 ing the Duties as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the Revenue for Remedy thereof, be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, and from Sej.t ij

from and iter the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, so much of the said *786, so much

Act as requires any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, to make such Entries, once in every six Weeks,

of all Paper by him, her, or them printed, painted, or stained, within such six Weeks, or to pay and clear mYkin^Enuica*

off all Duties for the fame within six Weeks after he, she, or they should make, or ought to have made, once in Six

such Entries as aforesaid, shall be repealed, save only and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering any Weeks of all Pa-

Arrears, which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which Per

shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before the said first Day of September one thousand seven to bc rePCi1^*

hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Sep- From Sept.

temher one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all and every Person and Persons who shall print, paint, 1786, Eoinea t*

or stain any Paper in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, shall, once in every Fortnight, £*0*711

make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties, of all the Paper by him, her, or them papc/f»ained,

printed, painted, or stained, within such Fortnight refj>e£tively, which Entries shall contain the just Kinds Ac. on Penalty

and Quantities thereof respectively, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of such Entry, the Sum of fifty 01501.

Pounds ; which Entries shall be made upon Oath (or, in case of a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation) of

the Printer, Painter, or Stainer of such Paper, or of his, her, or their chief Workman or Servant employed

in the printing, painting, or staining such Paper, according to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge or

Belief; which Oaths or Affirmations {hall and may be administered by the proper Collector, Supervisor, or

Surveyor of the said Duties of the Distriet or Division within which such Primer, Painter, or Stainer of Pa-

per doth inhabit, without any Fee or Charge for the fame.

III. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons, who shall print, paint, or stain DutJcJt0 !>• paid

any Paper in Great Britain, shall, from Time to Time, within a Fortnight after he, she, or they shall have within a Fort,

made, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for all such Paper as night after such

shall by them respeelively be printed, painted, or stained, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default therein, Entries made,

double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so neglected • and that no such Person, after f"r£f"a*7iou

such Default in Payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any such printed, painted, or stained Paper, b!e tbeauties*,

until be or she hath paid and cleared off his or her Duty as aforesaid, upon Pain to forfeit double the Value if Goods arc

of the Goods so fold, delivered, or carried out. ' delivered before

the Duties are paid, double iheir Value to be forfeited.

4 IV. And whereas divers Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper, have large Quantities of Paper now TheDutiesoo

4 in their Possession, which has been taken Account of, but is not charged with the Duties ; and as it may Stock at Sept, 1*

4 be very inconvenient for such Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper, so pay all such Duties within a 1786, to be paid

4 I ortnight after this Ai\ takes place be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Printer, Painter, for.ln 6 Months,

or Stainer of Paper, for Hangings or other Uses, who, on the first Day of September one thousand seven £ny°Paru

hundred and eighty-six, shall have any Paper in his Polidiion which has been taken Account of, and which thereof are

is not already charged with the Duties, shall produce the fame to the Officer appointed to take an Account fini&cd.

Z * of.

