220

Penaly on P?r-

loni act inz, v- ho

are unqualified,

or who have not

delivered inti eir

Quaui'ic.tioas.

Peers or their

Heirs-app irent

ir>ay aC>, tr ou^h

not podefled of

Qualifications,

See,

A Proportion of

Officers who

have fervid fire

Years may,

when the Mi-

litia is not em-

bodied, bo dii-

milled, and

erhers appoint-

ed.

InferinrOfii-erf,

when qualified,

may serve in

lusher Ranks.

County Lieute-

nants, and De-

puties may ap-

point Llerks for

their Meetings,

Numbers of the

P rgiments of

Militia rtlpeft-

lively.

C. 107. Anno viccTimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his prdent Majesty, intituled, An A:l for altering the Oath cf Alya-

ration, and the Ayurance, and fir amending f much cf an //. of the seventh 2 ear rf her late Afaujiy Hfuen

Anne, intituled, u an Act for the Improvement f the Inion if the two kingdoms ," as after the Time there-

in limited requires the Delivery cf cet tain Lijls and C.-pics therein mentioned to Pci fas maided f High Treci-

fan, or Ahjgrfion of Treason \ and shall a!,o make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of

the first Year o t King George the Firit directed to be nude, repeated, and subscribed, by all Gtficers Civil

and Military.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be

executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as atore-

said, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein before required,

every such Person thall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any

of the Powers Hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having

delivered in such specitiek Dtscription of his Qiulihcation as is herein before requneu, every such Person

Hull forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to die Lie of the Person

v/ho (hull lue lor the fame*, and in every Action, Suit, or Information, biought against any Person for acting

as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Coionel, Major, or Captain, not being qualified as herein before

di reded, live Proof of his Qualification Hull lie upon the Person ag.imft whom the 1 ime is brought: Provided

alvvavs, I hat nothing in tins Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir-apparent

of any such Peer, from being appointed, or acting as a Deputy Lieutenant, or a Commsilioned Officer in the

Militia, within the County, Riding, or Place vvnerein such Peer, or Heir-apparent of such Peer, (Mil have

some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qiulihcation herein before required; or to oblige any

Peer of this Realm, or Heir-apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commii-

fioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place for which

he shall be appointed, any Qiulihcation in Writing as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, together with

any three or mere Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any such Lieu-

tenant, any five or inore Deputy Lieutenants, may, at the Knd of every five Years, at their Annual Meet-

ings to be holder! as herein alter is directed, in case the Militia of such County, Riding, or Fiuce, shall

not be then embodied, discharge some one Field Officer of each Regiment or Battalion, and such a Number

of Officers of each inferior Rank, in each Regftnent, Battalion, and Independent Company, as shall be

equal to the Number of Persons who shall have given Notice in Writing to the Lieutenant of such County,

Ruling, or Place, one Month at the Fall before such Meeting, that tncy are willing to serve as Field

Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, or Emigns, as the Cafe may requiie: Provided always, That the

Number of Vacancies to be made by discharging such Officers shall not exceed one Third of such Of-

ficers who shall have served for the Space of five Years in each Rank respectively: Provided also, That

nothing herein contained shall prevent any Officer serving, or who has served in the Militia in an in-

ferior Rank, from offering himlcif to serve in a higher Raul:, if he be qualified to serve in such higher

Rank.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, shall freyn

Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings to be holden as herein after directed, and may dif-

place such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants within

their respeeiive Subdivisions, or the major Part of those present at any Subuivision Meeting, shall also, from

Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk if they, or the major

Part of them, (nail think fit, and appoint another in his Room.

XVII. and be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act

shall be as follows; (that is to say),

For the County of Bedford, four hundred.

For the County of Berks, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Bucks, five bundled and sixty.

For the County of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cornwall, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand six hundred.

For the County of Do ft, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool, fix hutidred and forty.

For the County of Durham, four hundred.

For the County of Etsex, nine hundred and sixty. /

For the County oLL loiiajier, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County

of the City of Bright, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Her.f'r‘U four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Laneafier, eight hundred.

For the County of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

8 For

