A.D. *7^9‘ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

C. 50.

tutors, or so many of them as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, shall have given Security to his

Alajtfty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the frvera! Duties payable on Advertisements

which shall be printed therein or thereupon, he, flic, or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred

Pounds.

XL. 4 And in order the more efte&ually to compel the Payment of all Arrears of the said Duties on Ad-

* vertisements, as they shall respectively fromTime to Time arise and grow due,’ be it further enacted. That

the said Com midi oners*, from Time to Time, as often as the said Duties payable for Advertisements shall be

in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of thirty Days after the Printing or Publication thereof, shall cause to be

delivered to the Printer or Publilber of such Newspaper, or left at the most usual House or Place for printing

such Newspaper, a true Account in Writing of all the Sums of Money which shall, fromTime to Time,

become payable, and be claimed by the said Com mi (Hone rs to be due in respetft of such Advertisements, dif-

t'r*guishing therein the respective Times of the Publication thereof; and the said Proprietors, Printers, and

Publishers of such Newspapers respectively are hereby required, upon the Delivery of any such Account,

forthwith to pay to the said Com rniifi oners, or to such Person or Persons as are employed by them, the

Amount of the Duties fontained in such Account: Provided nevertheless, if it shall appear on the Settle-

ments of the said Accounts before the said Com mi (honors, that any Matter contained in such Newspaper has

been charged with such Duty, which shall not be chargeable therewith, the said Commissioners are required

to allow the fame to the said Proprietors, Printers, and Publfthers respeilively, and to (trike such Surcharge

out of the said Accounts.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Arrears of the said Duties remaining

tin settled for the Space of ten Days after any such Account in Writing shall be delivered, shall and may be

sued for in his Majesty’s Courts of Excnequer at Westmirjier, by Action of Debt or Information, in the

Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or Solicitor General, in which no Lfloin, Protection, Wager of

Law, nor more than one Impat lance, shall be allowed; and upon every such Action or Information, a

4Japias in the rirlt Process shall and may issue, specifying the Amount of the Duties sued for; and the said

Proprietors, Publishers, and Printers respectively, against whom such Action or Information shall be brought,

shall be obliged to give Bail or Security to the Amount of the Duties sued for (an Affidavit thereof being

full made and filed in the said Court), by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the

Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the said Court, at the Day of

the Return of such Wrir, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and mall lilcewife, at the Time of such Ap-

;pearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay

•the Condemnation Money in respect of the said Duties, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to

Piifon.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall connterfeit or forget

or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark,

directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Act of Parliament relating to the Duties on Cards and

Dice, or Newspapers, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any such former Act of Parlia-

ment granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble thelmpreflion of the fame, with an Intent to defraud hisMa-

jesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or fell any Paper, or any

Cards, Dice, or Newspapers, liable to any Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon,

knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, di-

rected or allowed to be used by this or any such former Ac! of Parliament relating to the said Stamp Du-

ties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person

to offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in

Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles.

Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Ditlributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and

Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Cards,

Dice, and Newspapers, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effcdt, with relation to the addi-

tional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing,

levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent

and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively

been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties he rein-before granted

shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising, pay-

ing, and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at luchTime, and in

such Manner, as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid;

and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund

•called The Conjotidated Fund.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, moldled, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuaftce of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein-contained, such Person or Persons shall or may

plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence'for his or their Defence ; and if upon the

Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited,

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff’

or Plaintiffs.

29 Geo. 1IJ,

CAP.

555

eurity fee given, the

Printer cr Pubiiiher to

forfeit 500I.

If the Duties on Adrer-

tifemmts be unpaid for

30^0^1, an Account

thereof is so be given by

the Commissioneri to

the Printer or V'ublifhrr,

who is forthwith 10 pjr

the fame;

end if not sett’ed in ro

Days thereafter, may be

fved fo/ in the Ex-

chequer.

Pet font coo nterfei iin*

Stamps, (o suffer

Death.

Powers of former A&c,

not hereby altercJ, to

extend to this Act,

Duties to be paid to tfcr

Receiver General of

Stamps, and carried to

the Consolidated Fund.

General Issue,

Treble Costs,

