6or

A.D. 17^9* Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 68.

twenty-four Months, or one Month, respectively ; and no such Tobacco or Snuff* shall be cleared or de-

livered from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, unleis the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or

Proprietors, Consignee or Confit nees thereof shall first pay, into the Hands of the proper Cuttom Ware-

home Keeper, Wareholife Rent for such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, at and after the Rate of Sixpence

per Week for each and evciy Hogshend, Calk, Chest, or Cafe, of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively,

for such Time as the fame rdpcclively shall remain in any such Warehouse or Warehouses.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this A cl contained shall extend, or he deemed or conftxued to

extend, to prevent any Tobacco or Snuff, legally imported or brought in or on board my Ship or Veil'd

into any or either of the said respective Ports herein-before enumerated, from being earned or conveyed in

or on board the fame Ship or Vessel from thence to any other of the said rt-fpcctive Ports herein before er.u-

meiated, for the Purpose of being landed there, and deposited, lodged, and secured in the Warehouse or

'Warehouses lo to be provided at such last-mentioned ;>ort, according to the Direct.ons of this Act, if such

Tobacco or Snuff shall be originally reported lor that Purpose by the Mailer or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command for that Voyage ol such Ship or Vdlel, with the Collector or other Chief

Officer of the Customs at such original Port of importation.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

tae construed to extend, to prevent any Ship or Vessel laden in the whole with Tobacco, from coming into

t.he following Pons of this Kingdom, or either of them, to wait for Orders, (vidt licit,) the Pons of Caves

and Falmouth, and there to remain for the Space of fourteen Days and no longer, without being subject or

] iable to the Regulations or Restrictions of this Act, on Condition that the Matter or other Person having

or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship c r Veftel so coming or arriving within the Limits of the

said Ports of Cones and Falmouth respectively for the Purpose afore said, do, immediately on coming or ar-

riving within the faiJ Limits, make the fame known to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs

at the said Ports; and also make a just and true Entry in Writing, on Oath before luen CV lector or other

Chief Officer (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame), of the Burthen, Contents,

and landing of his said Vessel, in Manner directed by this Act; on Failure whereof, or in not departing

from tiic laid Ports respectively at the Expiration of the said fourteen Days, unleis in case of unavoidable

Necefihy, every such Ship or V eflel, and the Matter or other i^erfon having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand thereof, and also the Cargo in or on board the fame, shall be subject and liable to all and each and every

the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Snuff* whatever, which shall be imported or brought into

Great Bj •it ait;, shall be entered or reported for Exportation in the fame Ship, or exported therein to foreign

Parts; and all Entries and Reports which shall be made of Inch Snuff, contrary to the Directions of this

Act* shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners of the Customs in England for the

Time being, or any four or mote or them, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the

Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required,

out of a\\y of the Duties or Revenues of Customs under their Management respectively, to provide, from

Time to Time, such Warehouse and Warehouses as they respectively shall deem requiiitc and necefl'ary for

depositing, lodging, and fccurii g therein, at each and every of the said respective Ports first herein-before

enumerated, in England and Scotland respectively, all such Tobacco and Snuff' respectively as shall be im-

ported according to the Directions of this Act at such relpcdive Ports.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the

Time being, or any four or more of them, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the

Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required

to appoint one or more Officer or Officers of the Customs, in England and Scotland respectively, to attend

all and every such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided, according to the Directions of this Act, in

England and Scotland respectively, and one or more of such Officers to be a Custom Warehouse Keeper or

Warehouse Keepers of each and every such Warehouse; and the said Commissioners of Excite in England

and Sect and respectively, or the major Part of them respectively for the 'lime being, fhdl, and they re-

fpcdively aie hereby in like Manner authorised and requited to appoint ore or more Officer or Officers of

Kxc.fe to attend all and every such Warehouseor Warehouses so to be provided, according to the Directions

of this Act, in England and Scotland respectively, and one or more of such Officer or Officers to be an

Excise Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers of each and every such Warehoule.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, T hat the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs on board every

such Ship or Vessel in which Tobacco shall be imported according to the Directions of this Act, shall

mark or cause to be marked every Hoefhead, Cafe, Chest, and Calc of Tobacco with such Mark or Im-

prefiion as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of

them* or the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of

them, shall direct, and also with progressive Numbers; and no Hogshead, Calk, Lhett, or Cafe of To-

bacco shall be unshipped, landed, or delivered from or out of such Ship or Vdlel, before the fame ftiatt have

been (o marked ; and when the fame shall have been so marked, the Importeis, Pi of: icto:>, or Conhgnces

of such 1 obacco respectively shall forthwith (provided the fame Hull have been duly entered), in the

Prese nce of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, unship and land, or cause to be unthipped and

landed, in the usual Manner, all such 1 'obacco, and shall carry and convey the fame, or cause the fame to

be carried and conveyed to, and deposited in, some or one of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses so

to be provided as directed by this Act, at such of the Ports full herein-before enumerated at which such

4 Tobacco

Tobacco or

Snuff b'oujhf to

orr o' the Port!

enumerated in

this A *♦, rr.ay be

Cnive fd in the

fame Vessel to

another P rt, if

it be so origi-

nally reporteJ.

V'flVl* laden

wholly with

Tobacco, may

into

Co acs and Fal-

m uth to wait

for Order?, un*

der the within

specified Regu-

lation?.

No Snuff im*

pored shall be

entered for Ex-

p ration, or e*«

ported in the

fame Ship.

Comm flioners

of Customs to

provide Ware—

houles f.*r depo-

filing Tobacco

•ad Snuff.

Com m: flioners

of Customs and

Fxcise to ap-

point Officers to

attend Ware-

houics.

Officers of the

CuHons on

b ard Vrff.l?,.fO‘

mark be H«»|f-

he^d*, v hich

are t'» be landed

in their I re-

fen e and con-

vey- Mo f he

W,r h tfe ,

w-e e tb. To-

bacco is 10 be-

taken ou , fe—

pirated, a cl

weigh.d, tec.

