I

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services

performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools

and Utensils, an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to pro-

bibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils

made use of in the Iren and Steel Manufactures of this King-

dom ; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen*

employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the

Seas.

90* An Act for repealing (b much of an Act, passed in the

twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom

Salts ^ and also on Mineral Alkali* or Flux for Glass made

from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul

Salt to be used in manuring of Lands, as relates to the ob-

taining Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or Brine or Sea Water,

for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for

Glass, Duty-free.

91. An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the four-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for regulating Mad-houses.

92. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made

in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty King George the Third, to explain* amende and

render more effectual* an Act* made in the thirtieth Tear of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second*

intituled* “An Act for the more effectual Punishment of

“ Persons who shall attain* or attempt to attain, Pojfiffion

u of Goods or Money* by false or untrue Pretences; for pre-

w venting the unhnvful pawning of Goods ; for the eajy Re-

“ demotion of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming

u in Publick Ho uses* by Journeymen* Labourers* Servants,

“ and Apprenticesfo far as the fame relates to the pre-

venting the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy

Redemption of Goods pawned.

93. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain An-

nuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General

in North America* in Consideration of his diligent and

meritorious Services in that Office.

94. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of

such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased

for the more safe and convenient carrying on his Majesty’s

Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Paver-

Jbam, and for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks,

Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth* in pur-

fuance of Acts of Parliament made in the twenty-third

and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed* for the first

Meetings of Commissioners, and other Persons, for put-

ting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

96. An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending

in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of

High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhi-

bited against Warren Hastings Esquire, late Governor

General of Fort William in Bengal* shall not he difeon-

tinued by any Prorogation or Difiolution of Parliament.

97. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Ex-

chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-six.

98. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua-

lify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and to in-

demnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omit-

ted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes j and to indemnify Members and Offices,

in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole

Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to

Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or millaid,

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly

stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of

Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

99. An Act to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Of-

ficers of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the

Issues of Money which have been made, and shall here-

after be made for the Payment of certain Pensions at

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

100. An Act to prevent occasional Inhabitants from voting

in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for

Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called

England* and the Dominion of Wales.

101. An Act for erecting certain Light-houses in the North-

ern Parts of Great Britain.

102. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Ex-

ecution the several Acts passed for paving* cleansing* and

lighting the Squares* Streets* arid Lanes* within the City and

Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent* to collect cer-

tain Tolls on Sundays upon the J'eueral Roads therein men-

tioned* and apply the fame for the Purposes of the said Acts.

103. An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and

other Officers of the Office for victualling his Majesty’s

Navy, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective

Offices to the Land Tax, in the Manor of East Smith-

field* in the Tower Division* in the County of Middlfx,

notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any

other Division or Place.

io±. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon

Coals used in Smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in

Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and

Lead Mines, within the Ifie of Anglesey.

105. An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the

Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay

Office and Navy Office respectively, rateably to the Land

Tax, in the Wards of Broad Street and Tozvery within

the City of Londbn* notwithstanding the said Offices

should be removed into any other Division or Place.

106. An Act for fncorporating certain Persons therein

named, by the Name and Stile of The British Society for

extending the Fisheries* and improving the Sea Co aft s of this

Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to sub-

feribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands,

and build thereon free Towns, Villages, and fishing Sta-

tions in the Highlands and Jllands in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland; and for other Purposes.

107. An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of

Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part

of Great Britain called England.

108. An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one

Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effec-

tually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the

Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of

Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster

adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in

the Fields* Saint Alary le Bon* and fuclr Part of the Parish

of Saint Andrew Hc-lborn, as lies in the County of

Middlesex.

109. An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society

to be called the Clyde Alarine Society ; for the better im-

powering and enabling them *to carry on their charitable

and useful Defign9»; and for levying certain Duties from

Shipmafters and others, for that Purpose.

S mo. An-

