228 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

imprisoned fix

Months, and if

actually inlisted,

to fenre in such

Regiment when

difm'ffed from

the M litia.

Persons so in-

lifting Militia

Men to forfeit

401.

Soldiers offering

to fenre as Sub-

flitutrs, forfeit

10 1.

Persons ordering

Serj-ants, Sec.

of the Militia to

beat up for Vo-

lunteers to for*

feu 201.

Serjemts refu-

ting to declare

who gave them

such Order!, to

be imprisoned.

Rolls signed at

S'lbdivinon

Meetings to be

transmitted to

the General Meeting.

other Forces), or shall offer himself to be inrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Independ-

ent Company of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, upon the Oath of

one Witness before any one Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correc-

tion, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for and during any Time not exceeding six Months, over

and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and

every Person so offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not

sooner, shall belong, as a Soldier, to such Corps of his Majesty’s other Forces into which he (hull have beenfo

inlisted ; and if any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall inlist any Man belonging to the Militia, to serve in

his Majesty’s other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the

Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of twenty Pounds ; and if any Person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces shall offer

himself to serve and be infolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay,

to the Person informing of such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol

or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer,

or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town, or Place, for Volunteers to serve

in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof, and of such beating

up as aforesaid, upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information

thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, shall re-

fuse to declare upon Oath, before such Justice, from whom he received such Orders, it shall be

lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby requited, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to. commit

such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding

three Months.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, .within fourteen

Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, Riding,

or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Meeting.

A State of the

N umber of Per-

foni liable to

fenre, to be

transmitted an-

nually to the

Privy Council,

who are to settle

the QjoU for

each Place, and

transmit the

Numbers to the

Coyivy Lieute-

nants,

Penal ties far re-

fating to ftrve,

Sec, to be ap-

plied in provid-

ing Substitute*.

Surplus to be a

Part of the re-

gimental Stock.

Oatbf may be

adtniniftered by

County Lieu’C-

fuaca, Ac.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, shall, and he is

hereby required to transmit td his Majesty’s Privy Council, annually, an Account in Writing of the true

State of the Number of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place;

and that after the said Account shall be so transmitted, his Majesty’s Privy Council shall forthwith fix and settle,

as near as may be, the Number of Militia Men who shall for the future serve for each County, Riding, or

Place, by the Proportion which the Numbers so returned bear to the whole Number of Militia Men by this

Act directed to be raised, and to transmit Accounts of the Numbers so fixed and settled, to the Lieutenants

of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid; and where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and

settled shall be greater than the Number of Militia Men who shall be, by virtue of this Act, appointed to

serve for any County, Riding, or Place, then, and in every such Cafe, the Lieutenant for such County,

Riding, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or

in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting

to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Militia Men shall serve for each respective Hundred,

Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division within such County, Riding, or Place ; and the additional Num-

ber of Militia Men, to make up the whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be provided or cho-

fen in the same Manner as other Militia Men are by this Act to be provided or chosen, and all the additional

Men, so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their Substitutes, and also all Volunteers, shall take the Oath by

this Act required to be taken, and shall be inrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia, in such Man-

ner as is directed by this Act, and in case of Refusal shall be subject to the fame Penalties as in the like Cafes

are inflicted by this Act: Provided always. That where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled as

aforesaid shall be iefs than the Number of Militia Men who shall be appointed to serve for any County, Rid-

ing, or Place, then, and in every such Cafe, the said Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy

Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) any three or more De-

puty Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, discharge by Ballot, proportionally

out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, so many Militia Men as shall

exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That'the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refilling to serve in the

Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied, by any two or more Deputy Lieu-

tenants, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who shall have paid such

Penalties, which Substitutes shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the fame Term, and on the fame Con-

ditions, as is herein before provided in the Cafe of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and

if any Surplus shall remain, the fame shall be paid to the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the respective

Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies in which such Persons ought to have served as Militia

Men, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock.

Lli. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or

Thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, before

any Lieutenant of any County, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the

Peace, any such Lieutenants Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or

axe hereby authorised to acuninifter fucfrOathto any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to

be

