A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 73. 157

/aid, as is required in the Cafe of Spirits which may be lawfully exported or shipped for Consumption on

Shipboard, and shall be subject to Re-seizure and Re-condemnation in case of being relanded; and the Per-

fbns relanding the fame shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as they reflectively would have been

subject to for the fam^ in case such Spirits had been made, or originally intended and shipped for Exporta-

tion or for Consumption on Shipboard, as aforesaid: Provided always, That whenever it fh ill be judged

expedient by the said respective Commissioners that such Spirits shall be sold for any of the Purposes before

mentioned, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required reflectively to certify the Facts

and Circumstances of the Seizure and Condemnation of such Spirits and the Quantity thereof, with

their Opinion to or for which of the Uses or Purposes herein before mentioned the lame may be propcily

applied, unto the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them

for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to make such

Orders for the Application or Dilposal thereof, to or for any of the said Purposes, as they in their Judge-

ment shall think tit.

LXVil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Officer or Officers who Officer* who

shall have seized any such Arrack, Rum, Brandy, Compounds, or other Spirits, producing a satisfactory havC made such

Certificate or Proof of the Condemnation and Valuation thereof, and of the securing the fame as aforesaid, S^iu'es to re-

unto the said respective Commissioners, the said respective Commissioners are hereby authorised and required

to direct the Receiver-general of the Customs, or the proper Officers of Fxcise, as the Cafe may be, to pay lr's 5uais*Vlz*

to such Officer, within twenty Days after producing such Certificate, out of any of the Duties in their relpec-

tive Receipt or Collection, the several Sums following; (that is to say),

For every Gallon of Arrack, Cordials, or French Brandy, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Fore*ery Gallon

Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, the Sum of two Sniffings and lix Arf*,k'

Pence:

Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, as. 6d.

For every Gallon of other foreign Brandy, or of foreign Geneva, or Rum, in Proportion to the Strength

thereof as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings and two Pence : Brlnd^ &c*ia

Proportion to its Strength, as. ad.

And for every Gallon of other Spirits, British or foreign, of what Kind soever, in Proportion to the

Strength thereof as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shilings.

Which said Sums shall be in lieu and* Satisfaction of all other Rewards whatsoever (the Charges of

Seizure, Removal, and Condemnation, only excepted); any Law, Statute, or Ufa ge, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising from

the said Rates and Duties hereby impoied shall, from Time to Time, be raised, levied, collected, and paid,

at such Time and Times as the aforesaid Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consump-

tion, and hereby discontinued, have usually been, or ought to have been, or are directed to be raised, levied,

collected, or paid ; and that all the Monies whatsoever arising from the Rates and Duties hereby imposed,

shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise, and shall be appropriated

and applied in Manner following; that is to say, five sixth Parts thereof to and for the several and the fame

Uses and Purposes as the said Rates and Duties on Low Wines and Spirits hereby discontinued, were, by the

several Acts for granting, imposing, and appropriating the fame, directed to be appropriated and applied re-

flectively ; and the remaining Part thereof shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund, commonly called

*Thc Sinking Fund, and ihail be applicable to the fame Lies and Purposes as the said Sinking Fund is now

applicable unto.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Me-

thods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

which in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Consumption, or to his Majesty’s Duties of Excise upon Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, in force at

the Time of passing of the said Act, made in the twenty.-fourth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, are con-

tained, provided, settled, or dtabldhed, for managing, assessing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering,

adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties thereby imposed, and lor

preventing, detecting, and puniiliing Frauds relating thereto, npt being expressly altered, repealed, changed,

or controlled by this Act, or not being repugnant to any of the Matters, Clauses, Provisions, or Regula-

tions in this Act contained, {hail be and continue in full Force, and.be duly observed, practised, applied,

used, and put in Execution throughout England, in and for the managing, alleffing, raising, levying, col-

lecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several Duties by

this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectu-

ally, to all intents and Purposes, as if all and ev~ry the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Direc-

tions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been exprelsly

infer ted and re-enacted in this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Pei Ions, for any Matter or Thing done by any Officer or Officers of

the Customs or Excise, or any others acting in his or their Aid, in the Execution of, or by reason of his or

their Office, under the Authority, or by Colour of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or com-

menced within three Months next after the Cause cf Action ihail have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid

Forexery Gallon

of other Spirit*,

a

Duties to be le-

vied a> former

Duties, and to

be paid into (he

Exchequer.

Appropriation

Of Du.ics.

Provisions of

f -rmer A£U ex-

tsndecTto thii.

General Ifloe*

