i5«-

R"i*iihuon« re-

1 >• ivet' the Size

of Velleh for

c >ntaining raw

S' pit i s and

Times of rc&i-

fcJ Sjir'ns be-

ing received*

Penalty on re-

ceiving Spiiits

in improper

C j/k?, or at im»

ptoptr Hours*

The Manufac-

turer of Maid-

stone Geneva to

pay 185. for every

72 Gallons of

Wa/h made from

not mfcre than

112 lb. of Corn.

Forevery 112 lb.

of Corn,a Credit

ra be allowed of

$ Gallont of

Spirits of me in

seven under Hy-

drometer Proof.

If Spirits be

Wronger than one

to seven under

Hydrometer

Proof, they are

forfeited.

Undue Excess of

Stock to be for-

i cited.

Notice of mak-

ing Wort at the

said Manufactory

to be givtn, r n

Penalty wf 2001*

A Still to be r ro-

vr.oed at the f«id

M u'aft try, to

enable 'he Offi-

cer to a feet tain

thi Strength of

Waft.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

Offender or Offenders (over and besides all other Penalties incurred by Law) shall forfeit and be debarred

from all future Benefit and Advantage of his or their fubiifting Licence or Licences for making, rectifying, or

vending any Spirits or other Liquors; and if such Offender shall be a Maker, Distiller, Rectifier, or Com-

pounder of Spirits, or Wholesale Dealer in Spirits, his or her Entry or Entries, Licence or Licences for the

making, roitfying,compounding, or vending of Spirits, shall be void, and no new or fresh Licence shall be

granted to such Pc rfo n for the Space of one Month.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tffiat no Maker, Rectifier, Or Compounder*

or Makers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, shall receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession,

any raw British Spirits in any Cask or Vessel of a less Size or Content than that of one hundred Galloiisatthe

least; nor shall any Distiller, Re&ifier, or Compounder, or Distillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spi-

rits, nor any Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any British

Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine, at any other

Time than between the Hours herein mentioned ; (that is to say), From the twenty-fifth Day of March to

the twenty-ninth Day of September, both inclusive, between the Hours of Five in thg Morning and Seven in

the Evening, and from the thiitieth Day of Septetnber to the twenty-fourth Day of March, both Days inclu-

live, between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Six in the Evening; and when and so,often as any

raw British Spirits shall be received in any Calk or Vessel of a less Content or Size than such as is before

mentioned ; or if any such Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer, or Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders*

or Dealers, shall so receive any BritiJ/j Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Com-

pounds, or Spirits of Wine, at any other Time than is herein before for that Purpose limited, he, (he; or

they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds ; and all such British

Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, and Spirits of Wine, which shall

be so received contiary to the Prohibition herein before in that Behalf made and contained, together with the

Calks and Veil'd5 containing the fame, and such British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits*

British Compounds, Calks, and Vessels, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may befeized by any Officer

or Officers of Excise.

4 XL VIE And whereas a Manufacture of Spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva, is established at

4 McudjUne in the County of Kent, by George BiJJoop of that Place, which Manufacture is essentially different

4 from any other Manufacture of Spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the Quality of the Liquor

4 as to the Process by which it is made: And whereas the said Manufacture requires so large a Proportion of

4 Wash to produce a given Quantity of Spirits, as to render it impossible to continue the said Manufacture*

4 if the Rates of Duties herein before prescribed by this Act be collected on each Gallon of Wash;' be it

therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, during the Continuance of this ASt, there shall

be paid by the said George Bijhcp, for every seventy-two Gallons of Wash which he shall produce from a

XVeight of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve

Pounds, the Sum of eighteen Shillings,being at the Rate of three Pence per Gallon.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every orjg hundred and

twelve Pounds Weight of Malt, or other Corn, before the fame is separated from the Bran thereof, so used

by the said George Rijloop, he shall be allowed a Credit, in the Books of the proper Officer or Officers

of Excise, of not more than eight Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of one in Seven under Hydrometer

Proof.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said George Bishop shall not fell

or send out any Spirits whatsoever, of a greater Degree of Strength than that of one in seven under Hydro-

meter Proof; and if the said George Bishop shall fell or send out any Spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Spirits, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the fame, and

the Horles, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages made ule of in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited and lost* and

shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if on casting up the Stock of the said George

Bijicp, the Officer of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spirits contained in such Stock, to exceed the Quan-

tity for which the said George Bishop is intitled to Credit, at the Strength of one in seven under Hydrometer

Proof, after deducing and allowing for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to

the said George Bishop, then, and every such Cafe, the Excess found shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That before the said George Bishop shall

make use of any Malt or Corn, for the Purpose of making any Wort or Wash, he shall give twelve

Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, of his Intention to use the fame, in order that

the said Officer may attend to weigh such Malt or Corn; and if the said George Bishop shall neglect to

give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hun-

dred Pounds.

1,11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purpose of enabling the proper

Officer of Excise to ascertain the Strength of the Wash on which the Duty as aforesaid shall have been

charged, the said George Bishop shall provide in his Distillery House at Maidstone aforesaid, a small Still

with a Worm and Tub complete, of a Size sufficient to distil at one Time twenty-four Gallons of Wash,

and which Quantity of Walli such Officer is hereby impowered to take and distil for the Purpose aforesaid*

when and as often as he shall think fit; and if twenty-four Gallons of Wash so distilled shall be found to pro-

duce more than two Gallons and three fourth Parts of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of one in (even

under Hydrometer Proof, then the whole Quantity of Wash from which such twenty-four Gallons were

taken, shall be charged with a Duty of one Shilling per Gallon.

LIII. And

v^oooole

