221

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto G eorgii III. ' C. 107.

For the County of MiJdLjcx (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower llamlds), one

thousand six hundred.

For the County of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

for the County of Northampton, six hundred and torty.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and

the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Nottingham, win the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, four hundred and

eighty.^

For the County of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Salop, iix hundred and forty.

For the County of Somerjtt, eight hundred and forty.

For the County of Southampton, with the Tow n and County of the Town of Southampton, nine hundred and

sixty.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Surrey, eight hundred.

For the County of Snfex, eight hundred.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, six hundred and forty.

For the County of JTeftmorland, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Wilts, eight hundred.

For the Weft Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, one thousand

two hundred and forty:

For the North Riding of the said County, seven hundred and twenty:

And for the tail: Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon

Hull, four hundred.

For the County of Anglfea, eighty.

For the County of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Carmarthen, w ith the County Eorough of Carmarthen, two hundred.

For the County of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the County of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the County of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Glamorgan, three hundred and sixty.

For the County of Merioneth, eighty.

For the County of Montgomery,two hundred and forty.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford, Weft, one hundred anJ

sixty.

And lor the County of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Lieutenancy of every County, Riding, Rr^ulahor* for

and Place, shall be holden in fomc principal Town of every such County, Riding, and Place; and such Ge- holding General

neral Meetings shall conliit of the Lieutenant, together with two Deputy Lieutenants at the least, or, on the Meeting* ot

Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, then of three Deputy Lieutenants at the least of every lculenaac*#

County, Riding, and Place respectively; and one such General Meeting shall be holden wirhin every County,

Riding, and Place, annually, upon the last Tuesday which (hull happen before the twenty-fourth Day of October

in every Year; and the Lieutenant, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Re-

moval, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant) any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place,

when and as often as they lh \1! find necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execu-

tion, may summon,or caulc to besummoned, other General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, on any Days to

be fixed by such Summons, of which Days, and the Places of holding such Meetings respectively. Notice

shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in such County,

Riding, or Place, fourteen Days at the lealt before the Days appointed for holding such Meetings respectively ;

aid in case any annual or other General Meeting shall not be attended by the Lieutenant and two Deputy

Lieutenants, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, as herein before required, the Lieutenant, or any one Deputy

Lieutenant, who shall attend at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the lame to any other Time, and to any

Place within such County, Riding, or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend at the Time and

Piece appointed for the next Meeting, then the Clerk of the General Meetings, or his Deputy, shall adjourn

fuen Meeting to any other l ime, to be holden at the same Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants within the Subdivisions of resuhfions fat

their relbcctive Counties, Ridings, and PL.ccs, shall be holden as herein after directed; which Subdivision Subdivifioa

Meetings shall coniilt ot two Deputy Lieutenants at tie lealt: Provided always. That at any Subdivision Meetings.

Meeting appointed according to the Directions of this Act, where two Deputy Lieutenants do not attend,

it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Lieutenanr, together with any one |uilice of the Peace of the

County, Riding, or Place, within which such Subdivision lies, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, which

arc by tins Act directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants, at their lelpcctive Subdivision Meetings $ and

all

