596

but not to ex-

tend to loose To-

bacco brought

for the Use of

the Crew, not

exceeding 5 lb.

for each Perfrn

nor shall the

Vefiel be for-

feittd, if Prrof

be made from

the Smaller fs

of the Quantity,

Ac. that any

Tobacco or Snuff

was on board

without the

Knowledge of

the Owner or

Matter.

VeflVlt with

more than

jeo lb. of To-

bacco ana Snuff,

or any Tobacco

Stalks, &c. on

board, to be for-

feited, if found

at Anchor or

hosefing within

four Leagues of

the Coast.

Regulation* for

the lmpona’i A

of American

Tobacco.

Tobacco or

Snuff to be for-

feited if iro-

por'td in’o any

other Part of

Great Britain,

than the Placet

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1789.

which the fame shall be so imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammun:tion, Tackle, and

Apparel; anti such Tobacco and Snuff, Hogsheads, Calks, Chests. Cafes, and ether Packages respectively,

and also such Ship, Vefl'el, or Boat, Guns, b urniture. Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be

seized by any Officer cr Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. Provided always, 'Tint nothing in this A& contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to

extend, to forfeit any Ship, Vefiel, or Boat, or her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, 'Fackle, or Apparel,

for or by reason of any Tobacco being imported or brought in such Ship, Vefiel, or Boat, into Great

Britain, look, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or

for the Use of the Passengers then being on board such Ship, Vcdl-I, or Boat, not exceeding five Pounds

Weight of Tobacco for each Pei (cm ; nor to forfeit any such Tobacco.

XJ. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A& contained shall extend, or be

deemed or construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from beingrtfceived in any Suit or Information brought

for the Forfeiture of any Ship or Vefiel, for or on account of any Tubiccoor Snuff imported or brought

in any Ship or Vefiel, in order to shew, from the Srnallnefs of th: Quantity of the said Tobacco or Snuffi,

and under the Circumstances of the Cafe, that the said Tobacc > or Snuff was on board such Sniper

Vefiel without the Knowledge and Privity of the Owner, or of the iYlafter or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command thereof, and without the wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care in the

Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Per ion having the Cnarge or Command of such

Ship or Veilel; and in every such Caie, where Proof shall be made, from the Srnallnefs of the Quantity

of Tobacco or Snuff, and other Citcumftunces, that such small Quantity was on board without the

Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, either of the Owner, or the Master cr other Person having or taking the

Charge or Command thereof, and without *any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care, either in the

Owner, or in the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veste!,

then and in every such Cafe such Ship or Veftel shall not be forfeited (or or on account of such final)

Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vefiel, or Boat shall be found at Anchor, or hover-

ing, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof,

or shall be discovered to have been within such Limits or Distance, and not proceeding on her Voyage,

Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Neceifity, or Distrcfs of YVeathcr (of which

Necessity or Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of fucu Snip,

Veftel, or Boat, shall give Notice to, and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the

Customs of the Port within the Limits of which such Ship, Vefiel, or Boat shall be found, immediately

after the Arrival of such Ship, Vefiel, or Boat within the Limits of such Port), having on board any To-

bacco or Snuff, which, taken together or separately, shall exceed one hundred Pounds Weight, or any To-

bacco Stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured,'or any Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, then

not only all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, and Snuff, respectively,

together with the Hog-heads, Casks, Chests, Cafes, and other Packages respe&iv&y containing the fame,

but also the Ship, Vefiel, or Boat on board which the fame shall be found as aforesaid, with her Guns, Fur-

niture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, whether Bulk shall then have been broken or

not, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty’s

Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United

States of America, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, unless the fame (if it be Tobacco of the

Growth or Production of his Majesty’s said Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories) shall be imported

into Great Britain directly from some Part of the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, or if

the fame be Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the said United States, unless the fame shall be im-

ported or brought into Great Britan direCtly from some Part of the said United States ; nor shall any lucti

Tobacco be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Part of the said Colonies, Plantations,

Islands, or Territories, unless the Ship or Veftel in or on board which the fame shall be so imported or

brought shall be British-built, registered according to Law, and navigated with the Master and three-fourths

of the Mariners BritiJJj; nor shall any such Tobacco be imported or brought from any Part of the said

United States, unless the Ship or Veilel in which the fame (nail be so imported or brought shall be either

British-built, registered and navigated as aforesaid, or shall be built in the Countries belonging to the United

States of America, or any of them, and owned by the Subjects of the said United States, or any of them, and

navigated with a Master and three-fourths of the Mariners, at least, Subjects of the said United States, or

any of them, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco as shall be imported or brought into Great

Britain, contrary to the Directions of this A&, together with the Hogstieads, Casks, Chests, Cafes, and

other Packages respectively, containing the fame, and the Ship or Vefiel in or on board which the fame

shall be imported or brought, together with ail her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel;

and such Tobacco, and the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, Cafes, and other Packages respectively, containing

the fame, together w.th the Ship or Veftel in or on board which the fame shall be so imported or brought,

and her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XIV. Arui he it further enacted. That no Tobacco or Snuff whatever shall be imported or brought

into any Part of Great Britain, except tl?e Ports of London, Bri/iol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouth*

Whitehaven^ Hud, Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco and

Snuff respectively as shall be imported or brought into any Fart of Great Britain, except some or one of

the said Ports herein-before enumerated, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, Cafes, and other

Packages respectively, containing such Tobaccp or Snuff respectively, and the Ship or Vefiel in or on bcuid

winch

