A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo/exto Georg 11 III. C. 50. 69

Book is required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign Port* where there is or shall be a Bnitjh

Consul, or other Chief British Officer, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand of such Ship or Vessel, shall and is hereby required to produce such Log Book to such British Con-

fu!, or other Chief British Officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a Memorandum therein

of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like Manner, subscribe the fame.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Matter, Mate, and two of the

Mariners belonging to every such Ship or Vetiel, shall and are hereby required, upon the Importation into

Great Britain of any Oil or Head Matter as being taken on the Fishery aforesaid, to declare upon Oath,

before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Ports of their Arrival respectively, of

which the Collector shall be one (which Oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer), from

what* Port, and the Time when, such Ship or Vessel cleared out, and that all such Oil or Head Matter, so

imparted, is the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, aerially

i\Ahonafule taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, at the Times, and in the Latitudes

respectively mentioned and fetdown in the Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master, or other Person having

or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel whatever, fitted out as aforesaid, for the Purpose

of obtaining some one or other of the Premiums granted by this Act, shall knowingly receive or permit,

orfuffer to be received on board such Ship or Veil'd, for the Purpose of obtaining any one of the said Pre-

miums, ,any Oil, Head Matter, or any other Produce whatever of any Whale or Whales, or other Fish

or Creatures living in the Sea, which Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, {hall

not have been really and bona fide caught and taken by the Crew of such Ship or Veffd only, such

Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the

Sum of five hundred Pounds ; one Moiety of which Sum shall, on Recovery thereof, be paid to the Person

or Persons di (covering the fame, provided such Person or Persons shall give Information of the Offence

within one Month after such Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such

Ship or Vessel, shall have reported his Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house at the Port to which such Ship

or Vdlel shall return‘from the said Fishery ; which Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge

or Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required to make such Report in the usual Tune, and in the

Manner in which all trading Ships or Velfds are reported before the proper Officers of the Customs ; and

the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required, in case

at the Time such Information shall be given, any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due Irom him or them

to such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, to

keep and detain such Sum or Sums of Money, and to pay the lame (towards discharging the said Penalty)

to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port to which such Ship or Veiled shall

so return from such Fishery; and if such Owner or Owners shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to, or

fta/iother'wife account for, such Sum or Sums of Money with any Master or other Person having or taking

the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, before the Expiration of one Month after the Report

lhaJlhave been so made at the Cullomhouse as aforesaid, and such Matter or other Person shall be liable to

the Penalty aforesaid, such Owner or Owners shall make good such Sum or -Sums of Money so paid, or

otherwise accounted for, and Hull nay the fame towards discharging the aforesaid Penalty into the Hands

of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, in Manner before directed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Whale or Whales, or other

Creatures living in the Sea, shall be caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean, to the Northward of the

seventh Degree of North Latitude, by the Crew of any of the fifteen Ships or Vessels, to which Premiums

are given in Manner before mentioned, or to the Northward of the thirty-sixth Degiee of South Latitude,

by the Crew of any of the five Ships or Vessels, to which other Premiums are also given, in Manner be-

fore mentioned, either on the Voyage out or Return Home of any such Ship or Veiled, the Oil or Head

Matter produced from such Whale or Whales, or other Creatures so caught or taken, shall be accounted,

2nd considered and taken to be Part of the Quantity of Oil and Head Matter required to be taken and im-

ported as aforesaid, to intitle the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to some one of the Premiums

herein before granted ; provided it shall appear by the Log Book of such Ship or Vessel so kept as aforesaid,

that such Ship or Vessel hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the f ilhery, either to

the Souffiward of the seventh Degree of North Latitude, or to the Southward of thirty-six Degrees of South

Latitude, as the Cafe may be.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall have

boon fitted out for the aforeia.d Fishery, under the Rules and Rellrictions contained in the before recited

Acts, made and passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall

have let fail upon a Voyage for such Fishery, alter the tiril Day of 'January one thousand seven hundied

and eighty-six, and before the said lull Day of A say one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and shall in

a.’i Rdpccls conform to the fevera! and refnedtive Rules, Regulations, and Rellrictions in and by the

fi d recited Acts directed and required, the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vellel shall be

aliened and intitled to such one or other of the aforesaid Premiums, granted by this Act to the lit teen Ships

or VcHViS hereinbefore mentioned, as such Owner or Owners would be intitled to if such Ship or Vefiel

had been tilted out, nnJ had failed after the said tir ft Day of A say, and before the said first Day of Sep-

ttnbvr one thousand seven hundred an 1 eighty-six, in Conformity to the Regulations of this Act; and every

fitch Ship or Vessel shall be accounted as one in the Number of the Ships or Vessels to which the fifteen

Premiums herein before mentioned are granted.

XIII. And

at any foreign

Port for 1 he iike

Purpose.

.Oath to be made

that the Cargo is

the Produce of

Creature* killed

by the Ship's

C<ew.

Persons taking

Part of the Car-

go of o:her Vef-

iels for the Pur-

pose of obtaining

a Premium, for-

feit cool, one

Moiety to the

Informer, it In-

formation be

given in a Month

a tier Rep .rl at

the Custom-

house.

When Inform-

ation has hem

given. Owners

to pay any Sum*

due to Matters

to the Collectori

ol the Customs ;

and if p^i.l o'hcr-

wife shall be ac-

countable for

the lame.

Produce of

Whales caught

in particular La-

titudes on the

Voyage to be

deemed P.»rf of

the Quantity

imithng to a

Piemium*

Ships fitted out

under the recited

Acts or 15 and

16 Geo. 3.

which failed be-

tween J.in, i,

2n-l May I,

jj36, intitled

to Premiums.

