A. D. 1789* Anno vicesimo nono Georg 11 III. • C. 49.

the Affairs of Taxes* is payable, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or

known, dull be charged with an additional annual Duty of five Shillings for one of such Horses, Mares, or

Geldings :

That every Personwho shall keep and use three, four* or five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more,

for the Purpose of riding, or drawing any such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chailc, or any

other such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages no*/ are or hereafter may

be called or known, shall be charged with an additional annual Duty of seven Shillings and Sixpence for

each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one :

That every Person who shall keep and use fix or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings for the Purpose of

riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chailc, or other

such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages new are or hereafter may be

called or known, shall be charged with and pay an additional annual Duty of ten Shillings for each such

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one :

That every Person who shall keep one Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise

with four Wheels, or Caravan, for his or her own Use, or to be let out to hire, other than and except such

Carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter may by Law be licensed by his Majesty’s Commissioners for

managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly Sum of

twenty Shillings, in respect of such one Coach or Carriage as aforesaid :

That every Person who shall keep two Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calafbes, Chaise Marines,

Chaises with four Wheels, or Caravans, or two of any such Carriages, for his or her own Use, or to be let

out to Hire, other than and except such Carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter may by Law be

licensed by his Majesty’s Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches, shall be charged

with an additional annual Duty of twenty Shillings for one of such Carriages, and an additional yearly Sum

of two Pounds for every other of such Carriages :

That every Person who shall keep three or more Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calafbes, Chaise

Marines, Chaises with four Wheels, or Caravans, or three or more of any such Carriages, for his or her

own Use, or to be let out to Hire, other than and except such as are already licensed, or hereafter may by

Law be licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches, shall be charged with

and pay an additional yearly Sum of twenty Shillings for one of such Carriages, and an additional yearly

Sum of three Pounds for every other of such Carriages,

II. Provided always nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said several

yearly Sums hereby respectively charged upon Horses and Carriages as aforesaid, shall be paid over and

above, and in Addition to any former Duties charged upon Horses and Carriages, and now placed under

the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: Provided also. That no I)uty shall be

imposed, ailefled, or levied by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not liable

to the Duty imposed on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for

the Purpose of Riding; and on Horses fed in drawing certain Carriages, in respeti whereof any Duty of Excise

is made payable \ but that every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exempted therefrom, either by the said Act, or

any subsequent Act relating thereto, shall also be exempted from the additional Duties by this Act impoltd \

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. 4 And whereas Doubts have arisen on whom the Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty-

4 fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty should be chargeable in respect of Horses let out by

4 the Year. Month, or other Period, for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot,

4 Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage herein-before enumerated be it enacted, That in every such

Cafe the said Duties, together with those imposed by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken

to be chargeable on, and paid by the Person or Persons respectively by whom such Horses shall be hired

and uled.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Lid additional Rates or Duties oirCar-

riages by this Act imposed, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise with four

Wheels, or Caravan, let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling Poll for a Day, or any lcls Period of Time,

or by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licenkd to let

Post Horses by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, and whereon the Name and Place of Abode of the Person so licensed shall be marked or painted,Re-

cording to the Directions of the Act in that Cale made and provided ; any Thing herein-before contained to

the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. 4 Amd whereas by the said Act, raffed in the twenty - fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jelfv, it was enacted and provided. That every Person exereifing the Trade and Business of an Horse

4 Dealer, and who should take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business (to be

4 granted by any two or more of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parch-

4 ment, and Paper, or feme Person duly authorised by them), should be exempted from the Duties granted

4 by the said Act in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to, and kept for Sale, and not for

4 Hire, in the Stables of such Dealer in Horses, licensed in purfance of that Act: And whereas the said

4 Commissioners of the Stamp Duties are not prohibited by the said Act from granting Licences to any

4 Person or Persons applying for the fame, although such Person or Persons may not actually exercise the

4 C 2 4 Trade

5+9

Cojfh, See. 5?.

for cnc cf them i

whrre thrrr,

four, or five are

kept, 7*. 6J.

for e^ea exceed-

ing one j

and where fir or

rrore are kept,

icf. for each

exceeding one.

Where one

Coach, or other

Carriage with

four Wheel*. i»

kept (H.ickney

Coaches except-

ed), 108.

Where two

Co.uher, Ac,

are kepr, 201.

for one, and

40$ for the

o.her j

and where tluce

or more are

kept, 203. for

one, and 3I. for

each of the

othen.

Dutiea to he paid

in Addition to

former Dutief*

bat not to ex-

tend to Horsei

exempted from

Duty by 24

Geo. 3. c. )€•

or any fu-bfe-

quent Alt.

Du'ie* inoposed

by 24 Geo. 3.

anc by this A&,

on H rfei let

cut ny the Year

for drawing

Coach™, &c. to

he paid by the

Hirer*.

Additional

Duties not to

eat rend to Car-

riage* let out to

travil Post, by

any Person

lire n led to Set

Poll Hone*.

