336 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1787.

Hides and Skins, continued. JT

For every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins, and Parts or Pieces

^ of Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged,

and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, Fifteen Pounds. —

For jevery Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such last-mentioned Hides and Skins, and Parts and

Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britaio, and so in Proportion

for any greater or lesser Quantity, Two-pence. — — — —

The said several Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and

' Skins, which shall be so dressed inOil in Great Britain, to be paid by the Oil Leather

Dressers thereof respectively.

For every Dozen of Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any

Seater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Three Shillings and Five-pence

alf|>enny. — — — — — — —

For every Dozen of Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. One Shilling and Eight-pence Three

HOPS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which (hal

be cured and made fit for Use, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to oe paid

by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof. One Penny and Twelve Twentieth Parts of

Farthing. - — — — — - —

M A L T.

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain within that

Part of Great Britain called England, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity;

to be paid by the Maker thereof. Nine-pence Three Farthings. — — —

For every Bu(nel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain within that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity

to be paid by the Maker thereof. Four-pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts or

^ Farthing. — — — — — — —

For every Buihel of Malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that Part of Great

Britain called England, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath

paid the Duty of Four-pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts of a Farthing

hereby imposed for every Bushel thereof, ana entered with the proper Officer and ift such

Manner as in and by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second is mentioned, directed and appointed with respect to Mai

brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, between the Twen-

ty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty, and the Twenty-fourth Day

of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one; to be paid down in ready Money to

such Officers respectively, in Manner as the Duties are directed to be paid by the said lal b

mentioned Act of Parliament, Four-pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts of a Far

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that Part

Great Britain called England without such Certificate as aforesaid ; to be paid in Manner as

the Duties by the said last-mentioned Act arc payable with respect to Malt brought from

Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Nine-pence Three

Farthings. — — — — — — — —

METHEGLIN. or MEAD.

For every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, and (o in

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof, One Shilling and

One Halfpenny. — — — — — —

PAPER.

FIRST TABLE.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in’Great Britain, called Imperial, of the Value

* of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions

of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter, Thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Super Royal, of the Value

of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of

Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and an Half, Ten Shillings and Four

pence Farthing. — — — — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be piade in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Value of

One Pound Nine Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of

Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, Seven Shillings and Nine-pence Far-

s.td.

Si

8J

i-il

9i

4HS

4*

9l

*3

10

9*

4*

9*

