A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III; C. 73.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons actually

txxupying any House, whether he, she, or they be the Owner or Renter, or Owners or Renters thereof, or

'not, shall knowingly permit any private Back or Still to be let up or used in any Part of such House, or in

any Building thereto belonging, oy any Person or Persons whomsoever for the making of Wort. Wadi, or

other Liquor for Distillation, or of any Low Wines or Spirits, without a due Entry being previously made

thereof at the proper Office of Excise, or without having taken out a legal Licence for that Purpose, such

Occupier shall incur and be subject to the time Pains and Penalties as are by Law directed to be inflated

on Persons actually using any such Back or Still.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person licensed to fell Brandy or

other Spirits by Retail, or felling Brandy or other Spirits by Retail, shall be the Proprietor or Owner o(

any Distillery or Rectifying House, or have any Part or Share in any Distillery or Rectifying House, or be

in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Re&ificr, or Com founder or' Spirits;

and if any such Person so licenseJ, or so felling Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits, by Retail, shall be the

Proprietor or Owner of any Distillery or Rectifying House, or have any Part or Share in any Distillery

or Rectifying House, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Rectifier, or

Compounder of Spirits, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lol’c the Sum of two hundred

Pounds.

4 LV. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by Persons carrying on in the fame Premises the

4 joint Business of a Vinegar-maker from MeUfics or Sugar, and Distiller of Spirits from Wash or Wort

4 made from Melasses or Sugar, or the joint Business of a Vinegar-maker from Melaflts or Sugar, and a

4 Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits*/ for the preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That,

from and after tie first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty-dl veil, it shall not be lawful

for any Person carrying on the Trade or Business of a Vinegar-maker from Mel dies or Sugar, or from any

other Materials, except Malt or Corn, to carry on, either alone or in Partnership, the Trade or Business of

a Distiller, or Maker or Rectifier of Spirits, in the Buildings or Premises in which such Person shall carry on

the Trade of a Vinegar-maker from any other Materials than Malt or Corn, or within the Distance of two

Miles thereof, and that all Entries made for the carrying on the Trade or Business of a Distiller, or Maker

or Rectifier of Spirits, contrary hereto, shall be null and void.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Person or Persons shall

be intitled, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, to carry on the

Trade of a Vinegar-maker, he, she, or they shall make an Entry with the proper Officer of Excise, of

the Brewhouse, Buildings, Yard, or Place, for the carrying on such Trade, and that in such and all

future Entries made by any Vinegar-maker or Vinegar-makers, it shall be declared and fpccihed whe-

ther he, she, or they be a Maker or Makers of Vinegar from Malt or Corn, or from Mobiles or

Sugar, or from any and what other Materials; and that every Entry not conformable thereto fhJl be

void; and that all Entries made by Vinegar-makers on or before the said first Day of August one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall, from and immediately after that Day, become void, ar.J be no

longer in force.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever

shall fell or send out any British Spirits mixed with foreign Spirits from their Warehouses, Store-

houses. Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Sheds, or other Places to him, her, or them belonging, in any

greater Quantity than four Gallons, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no foreign Brandy, Rum, Arrack,

or other foreign Spirits or Strong Waters, exceeding the Quantity of sixty Gallons, shall be brought within

the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, by one Permit, or by one Conveyance, at one and the

frme Time, from any other Part of England, or from Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, either by Land or

Water, save and except only by the Way of Gravrjerd to the Port of London, in the legal and ordinary

Course of Commerce, on Pain of being hi zed and forfeited.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after *the first Day of Oelober

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no foreign Spirituous Liquors whatever (except Rum of the

Growth or Produce of the Briujh Plantations, and Arrack) shall be imported or brought into Great Britain,

or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Vessel or Cask which shall contain Ids than

one hundred Gallons at the leall (excepting only for the Lie of the Seamen then belonging to and on

board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame thall he imported, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman),

upon Pain of forfeiting such foreign Spirituous Liquors, and also the Ship or V eft cl in which the fame shall

be so imported, of whatever Burthen the fame may be, with all her Gun;, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle,

and Apparel. ,

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Novem-

ber one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall import into the King-

dom of Great Britain any foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters whatsoever, of a

greater or higher Degree of Strength than tint of one to nine over Hydrometer Proof; and if any foreign

Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, dial I be imported of any greater or higher Degiee of

Strength than as aforesaid, the fame shall be forfeited and lost, together with the Casks and Packages con-

taining the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; Pro-

vided always. That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to

the Forfeiture of any Rumor Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plant-

X 2 ations,

*55

Occuprers of

Houfrg, permit-

ting Stills 10 be

fst up without

Itntry and Li -

conte, fubptf ro

the i ke Penal-

tlr.i as unlieealed

Di<. nller».

R tailers of Spl-

its to f rfei:

100I. if they

hive any Share

of ir.y Dihiilrry*

Vineger makeri

not to carry on

in the fame Prc*

mises a Distii-

lery.

From Aug. x,

1786, all Entiies

ot Vinrgar-

makers to he

void, unlefa

therein be ex-

prellird he JYia*

le'iah from

which the Vine-

g*r is nude.

No mixed Spirit*

to be sent out in

a greater Quan-

tity than Gal-

lons, 00 Penalty

of 50 1.

If more than 60

Gallons of so-

reign Spirit* be

brought to Lon-

don at once, ex«

Cept in Com-

merce, to be'

forfei ed.

A her Ofl. r,

1786,-Ship*

blinking Spirit*

in Casks of left

than ico Gal-

lons (except

Rumor Arrack),

to be forfeited,

and the Liquor,

After Nov, i#

178 6, Spirits im-

posed stronger

than one to nine

over Hydrometer

Proof (except

from British

Plantations), t*

be forfeited.

