A

T A B L E

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-seventh Year of die Reign

of George III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 27 Georgii III.

i. AN Act to render more effectual the Laws now in

JtV. being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

j. An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of

Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South

JValeSy and the Parts adjacent.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces

while on Shore.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry* for the

Service of the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-

seven.

5. An Afit for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be ratfed in Great Britain^ for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

<6. An Act for puniOiing Mutiny and Defer Hon j and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regu-

lating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s

Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belong-

ing to the United States of America, and to render the

Provisions thereof more efte&uaL

€. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Oloathing

of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

Jandy for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven ; for

indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the

Militia* who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of

their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

that Purpose.

27 Geo. IH.

9. An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Convey-

ance of Letters and Packets, between Great Britain and

the Port of Waterford in the Kingdom of Ireland* by

way of Aftlford Haven.

10. An Act to extend the Provisions of an A St made in tte

twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the

British Fisheries.

11. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act* made

in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

intituled. An Act for making perbetualjo much of am Act

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Suetn Anne*ftr

the reviving and continuing feveraf Acts therein mentioned\

as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols: and

atfo an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign

of King William the Thirds for, the more effectual Suppreft

Jion of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the

thirteenth Year of the Reign ef King Charles the Second*

intituled, M An Act for e/labUJhing Articles and Orders for

u the regulating and better Government of his Majesty*s

M Ships of War and Forces by Sea” as gives discretion-

ary Power toMagistrates to commit Vagrants, and other

Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small

Offences, either to the common Gaol or rloufe of Cor-

region.

12. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain An-

nuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skynner Knight,

late Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty’s Court of Exche-

quer, in Consideration of. his diligent and meritorious

Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the

Execution of that Office.

13. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and

Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for

c applying

)ogle

