A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 36.

shall tender his Vote, and provided the Person so claiming to vote shall have had his Name enrolled as

herein-before mentioned, in the Register of Freeholders for some Parish (or District) within the County, be-

fore the Tfine when he shall tender his Vote; and cv ry fuen Person who shall, alter the said tenth Day of

"July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, tender his Vote at any such Election as aforesaid, shall, before

he be permitted to vote at such Election, make (instead of the Declaration tail above-mentioned) the follow-

ing Declaration; (videlicetJ

44 T Do declare. That the Estate for which I claim to vote at this Elcdtion came to me within two Years

lad pa ft, by the Death of . [Jpeci)Yin?> ^)€ Christtan Xante and the

44 Surname of the Perfjti by whose Death the Person claiming to vote shall have acquiredjuch Estate, 0/ ] by

44 Promotion to the Benefice of [cr] by Promotion to the Office of

44 [or] by Marriage with [as the Cafe may /*.]”

But no such Person as aforesaid, whose Name shall have been enrolled as aforesaid less than twelve Calendar

Months, shall be permitted to vote, unlefstuch Person (moreover) do produce to the Sheriff (or other Per-

son who shall by Law be authorised to take the Poll at such Election) a Copy of his Enrolment, and such

Copy shall be left with the said Sheriff (or other Person authorised to take the Poil), who is hereby required to

demand the said Copy to be so left.

IX. And whereas Inconveniencies might arise, if Persons not having any Freehold Estate, within the

4 true Intent and Meaning of this Act, were to cause their Names to be enrolled in any Register of Free-

4 holders as aforesaidbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That if any Person shall

^(by personal Application, or by Attelhtion) cause his Name to be enrolled in any Register of Freeholders

which shall be kept in pursuance of this Act, without such Person actually having, at rhe T ime of such

Enrolment, a Freehold; or if such Estate shall not (at such Time) he of the clear yearly Value of forty

Shillings, over and above the Interest of any Money secured by Mortgage upon the said Estate, and also

over and above all Rents and Outgoings payable out of, or in respect of the said Estate, other than parlia-

mentary, publick, or parochial Taxes; or if the Whole or some Part of the said Estate shall not lie in the

Parish for District) in the Register of Freeholders for which such Person shall have cauled his Name to be

enrolled, or issue out of Lands or Tenements within such Parish (or District); or if such Person (at the

Time of the making of such Enrolment) shall not be, by himself or others, in the actual Possession or Receipt

of the Rents or Profits of such Estate for such Person’s own Use; or if-any Person who shall cause his Name

to be enrolled in any such Register of Freeholders shall be pofi'eiled of no Freehold Estate, but of such as

shall have been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his Interest shall be nominal or fictitious; or

shall, upon personal Application to be enrolled, mif-ftateany of the Particulars directed by this Act to be

specified in his Enrolment; every Person who shall be found guilty of any of the said Offences shall forfeit

the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person or Persons who shall fiift sue

for the fame.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall vote at any Election

of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid, in virtue of any

Estate which shall not be a Freehold, or without being of the full Age of twenty-one Years, such Person

shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to any Candidate for whom such

Person shall not have voted at the said Election, and who shall first sue for the said Forfeiture; but if no such

Candidate shall sue for the said Forfeiture within three Calendar Months after rhe Oftlnce shall have

been committed, then the said Forfeiture shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the

fame.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Register-keeper authorised and

required to make Enrolments in any Register of Freeholders in pursuance or this Act, shall wilfully refute

to enrol therein as aforesaid the Name of any Person who shall (by perloinl Application or Attestation)

request to have his Name so enrolled, then, and in such Cafe, such wilful Refusal being proved upon the

Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County

(Riding or Divifon), it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to summon such Register-

keeper to appear before him, and to shew Cause why he did so refuse to make such Enrolment; and if such

Register-keeper shall not shew sufficient Cause to such Justices for such Refusal, or if such Register-keeper,

being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall neglect to obey such Summons, without giving sufficient Reason for

not obeying the fame, such Justice shall, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, cause to be levied, by Distress

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Register-keeper, the Sum of forty Shillings of lawful Money

of Great Britain, and also the full Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Sum so

levied shall go and be paid to the Person who shall have been (o refused to be enrolled as aforesaid; and if

after any such Distress and Sale such Register-keeper shall (on a frefti Application by such Person as afore-

said to be enrolled) again refute to make such Enrolment, such Register-keeper, being convicted thereof in

Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the Person who shall have been again so refused to be enrolled, the Sum of

ten Pounds (to be recovered in Manner aforesaid), and also the full Costs and Charges attending the Distress

and Sale, and shall also forfeit to the said Person, upon every subsequent Conviction for the like Offence,

the like Sum of ten Pounds (to be recovered in Manner aforesaid), and also the full Costs and Charges at-

tending the Distress and Sale.

X1L. And, for the better promulgating of this AT, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That the Clerk of the Peace for every County (Riding or Division) aforesaid shall, on or before the said

fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, cause to be delivered to the different Re-

giiter-

' 4 35

h?ve been enrolled pri-

or to tendering t.:cn.

Such Persons to m.kc

the Jolio Aing

Drchration.

But no fu«h Person shall

vote, urUfs he produce

a Copy of his Enrolment,

and have it with the

Sheiiff,

If any Person (bill cause

himself 10 be emolled

who has not a )"gal

Freehold, or which doea

not lie in the Diflritt

for wlVth ’h* Enr< 1-

tnent is made, «t if h«

be nor in the Recci

of the Rents; or if it

be fraudulently ^ran*ei

him; or if be (hill

mif-fote any Parsi-

cul»M thereof, he shall

forfeit xol.

Persons votirg who are

under twenty-one

Year?, or who have not

a Freehold, to forfeit.

20l.

Register‘keepers tefuf-

ing to m ike Enrol-

ments. and not shewing

sufficient Cause for the*r

Refusal to a Justice, to

forfeit 40s. to the Per-

son refuted.

and if they rerufe a f>-

cond Time, to forfeit

iol. and so for every

subsequent Refusal,

Cleric of the Peace, by

April 5, 1789, to deli-

ver to the different Re-

girter-keeperi within

