184

S*H carried

Coastwise con-

trary to this Act,

to be for eited,

with dotihle its

Value, besides

the Duiici.

8 Geo. 2# c. iz.

and

5 Geo. 3.C. 63.

in Part recited.

Inconvenience

having srifen

from ih 1 two

last recited

Salt may hence-

fO'ward be de-

livered into the

Custo<Jy of the

Proprietor 00

bh own Bond.

Crrd*t to be

given on the

Back of the

Bond for the

Quan'ity of Salt

accounted for.

Ire.

Bonds exempted

from dtamp Du-

bes*

C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First prescribed or directed, concerning the Salt thereby allowed

to be taken by Curers of Fish for Exportation, as aforesaid ; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in an Act

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Rtign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part cf Great Britain called Scotland, or any other Act or Acts, or

any Custom or Lfage, to the contrary notwitfcstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any British Salt shall be removed from

the Works or Pits, or earned, brought, transported, or removed, Coastwise, or landed, contrary to the

Regulations prescribed by this Act, and to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, such Salt, and also double the

Value thereof, over and besides the Duties payable for the fame, shall be forfeited, to be recovered of the Pro-

prietor or Proprietors of such Salt, or the Mailer of the Veilcl lo carrying, bringing, transporting, or remov-

ing the fame,

* XXIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

* the Second, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White

* Herrings, for the feather Term offour Years \ and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omit-

4 ted to be paidfor the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, it is enacted, That, from and after

4 the l ime therein mentioned, no foreign Salt should be delivered over from the joint Custody of theOffictr

4 and Proprietor into the foie Custody of the Proprietor, or his Agent, for curing Fish for Exportation, ex-

4 cept he or they should give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Chief Officer of the Salt Duty in the Port

4 where such Salt shall be imported, that he or they should and would account for the foreign Salt so by him

4 or them to be received, in the Terms of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the therein

4 recited Acts, made in the fifth and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

4 or should answer the several Penalties in the said Acts directed to be recovered from the Proprietor offending

4 against the said several Acts, or either of them : And whereas by an Act, palfed in the twenty-fifth Year of

4 the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing the Allowances for IVafte on Salt and Rock

4 Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to ]crfey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the

4 Lenvs allowing the Use of foul Salt for Manure only ; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber

4 or Epsom Sags; for rejlraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt j for regulating the Exportation of

4 Herrings from the Isle of Man ; for better Jccuring the Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Personswho

4 have been guilty of Offences again(I the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt\ after reciting that British Salt,

4 delivered Duty-free, for the curing of Fish for foreign Markets, was liable to Frauds for want of Security

4 being given as for foreign Salt, when delivered over into the Curers foie Custody at the Beginning of the

4 fishing Season, it is enacted. That, from and after the first Day of Augnji one thousand leven hundred and

4 eighty-five, on delivering over such British Salt from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, into

4 the foie Custody of the Proprietor, or his Agent, for the curing of Fish for Exportation, the said Proprietor,

4 or his Agent, should give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Chief Officer of the Salt Duties, in the Port

4 or Place where such Salt had been lodged, in double the Amount of the Duties, that he or they should and

4 would account for the fame in the Terms of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several

4 Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf, in like Manner as the Curers of Fish then did for foreign Salt taken

4 for the curing Fish for Exportation, by virtue of an made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late

4 Majesty King George the Second : And whereas the Security usually required by the Officer of the Salt

4 Duties, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

4 King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth Y'ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, being

4 the Bond of the Proprietor himself, and two Sureties, in double or treble the Amount of the Duties

4 payable for the Salt in respect whereof such Security is taken, hath been found of great Inconvenience to

4 the Proprietors, and to operate very much to the Discouragetmnt of the Fisheries For Remedy whereof,

be it enacted, Thar, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, whenever any Salt, foreign or Bri-

tish, shall be delivered over from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, into the foie Custody of the

Proprietor or his Agent for curing Fish for Exportation, such Proprietor, or his Agent, shall not be obliged

or required, under or by force or virtue of the said recited Acts of the eighth vear of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or either

of them, or any other Act or Acts whatsoever, to give any Secuiity by Surety or Sureties, for the Purnofes

therein expressed, but his own Bond, in double the Amount of the Duties only, and no otherwise 3 any 1 hing

in the said Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwiihstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, T hat Credit for the Quantity or Quantities of Salt, for which such Bond

shall be given as aforesaid, which shall have been used and duly accounted for, shall, from Time to Time, be

given by the proper Officer on the Back of the said Bond ; and also that, when a proper Account shall have

been rendered of the Whole of the Salt specified therein, or the Dutits paid upon the Deficiency thereof, the

said Bond shall be void, and shall be delivered up and cancelled.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or other Security, to be given by any Taker or Cum

of Fish, or the Matter or Owner of any Boat, Buss, or Veftel employed in the British) fisheries, or in the

Expoi ration of Fish, or in the Conveyance of Fish from one British Port to another, for or in respect of such

his Occupation or Employment^ under or by force or virtue of any Law or Statute now in being, shall be

charged or chargeable with any btamp Duty whatever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

4 XXXII. And whereas Evidence hath been laid before Pa liament of the pernicious Effects which the

* Fees or other Percjuifitcs of certain of the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, especially in Scotland, have

4 produced on the i ifheries of this Kingdom, and as the Requisition of such Fees, however fandioned by

4 long Usage, appears, by the Orders of die Commons in Parliament assembled, in the Year of our Lord

5 4 one

