428

*7Ceo. 3.C. 13.

her? ‘hairy

Revrnur* of the

Crown in S« ct-

hnJ/^c. graU-

r d to K11 g

Ce< rpc the Se

cor.d, to be at

his prrfent Mi-

DifpuUh

P’ranible.

*6 Geo. a. c. 6.

recited.

From July

1788, in addi-

tion to the Par-

ticulars autho-

rifed by the re-

cited A£>, the

principal Officer

of the Cush tw,

&c. to demand

of the Com-

mander of any

Ship the further

Pattuulars here-

in Specified.

Commander*

giving untrue

Ar fwert td

forfeit 20c 1*

K

Notice of Regu-

lation* in force

touching Qut-

C. 33, 34. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

cc fons who may, or do stand seised or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all

44 such Rights, 1 itles, Estates, Customs, Hereditaments, and other the Premises aforesaid, or any of them,

44 as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to

44 all Intents and Put poles, as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the con-

44 trary notwithstanding And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Ma-

4 jelly’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealin'* the fever a I Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting* ether

4 Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compojtng the Publick

4 Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or

4 Alanufafiure of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom, and for applying certain

4 unclaimed Atonies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of

4 the National Debt; the hereditary Revenues of the Cro wn, and the other Revenues granted to his late

4 Majesty King George the Second during his Life, for defraying the Expences of his Civil Government,

4 were made Part of a Fund called The Consolidated Fund, during his present Majesty’s Life; And

4 whereas Doubts have arisen, whether in the last recited Act the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, in

* that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and the other Revenues there reserved to his Majesty,

4 by the before recited Clause of the Act made in the first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, are sufficiently

4 saved and reserved to his Majesty during his Life; in order therefore to obviate and remove all such

4 Doubts,’ be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the hereditary Revenues of the

Crown in Scotland, and other Revenues there granted to his late Majesty King George the Second during

his Life, and reserved to his prclcnt Majesty during his Life, by an Act made in the hrft Year of his Ma-

jelty’s Reign, do belong to, and are at his Majesty’s Disposal, as provided for by the said Act, and that

the Civil Litabi.lhment in Scotland shall continue to be paid in future, in like Manner as it has been paid

heretofore ; any Thing contained in the before-mentioned Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, to tae contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending

l'everal Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs.

4 \\T HEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

4 W jesty King George the Second (intituled, An At7 to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their

4 Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought fro?n foreign Parts into Great Britain

4 or Ireland, or the IJlcs of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man), various Provisions are made,

4 Authorities arc given, and Penalties are imposed, for effecting the Purposes intended by the said Act:

4 And whereas it is expedient to make further Provisions to oblige Ships and Vessels more effectually to

4 perform Quarantine ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

iifiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-eight, in Addition to the Particulars which the principal Officer of his Majesty’s

Customs, or such Person as Hull be authorised to fee Quarantine duly performed, is authorised and required,

by the said recited Act, to demand an Account of, from the Commander, Master, or other Person having

Charge of any Ship or Vellel, which shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in Great Britain or

Ireland, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, and of which Particulars so demanded,

the said Commander, Matter, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, is required, by the

said recited Act, to give a tiue Account of, under the Penalties by the said Act inflicted ; the said principal

Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, or such Person as shall be authorised to fee Quarantine duly performed,

shall, and is hereby required to demand of the said Commander, Mailer, or other Person having Charge

of such Ship or Vessel; and the said Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or

Vessel, shall, upon such Demand, give a true Account of the following Particulars; (that is to say,)

Whether his Ship or Vessel touched at the I/le of Rhodes, the Morea, or any Part of the Coast of Africa

within the Mediterranean or the Levant Seas, or the Port of Alagadore; or whether any of the Ship’s

Company, or any other Person on board his Ship or Vessel, had, during the Voyage homewards, in any

Manner whatever, any Communication with any Ship or Vessel coming from any of those Places ? What

Pilot or Pilots, or other Persons from the Shores of the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Islands of Sci/Iy,

Guernsey, Jeijfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, have been on board his Ship or Vessel, or had any Communi-

cation with his Ship’s Company in any Manner whatever during the Voyage homewards ? And whether

any of his Ship’s Company had been sick, and of what Disorder, in the Course of the Voyage, or were so

at the Time the Particulars are demanded ? And in case such Commander, Master, or other Person having

Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, upon such Demand as aforesaid, give an untrue or false Answer to any

of the Particulars required by this present Act, such Commander, Master, or other Person, shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in like

Manner as the Penalty inflicted by the said recited Act, for not making a true Discovery of the Particulars

required thereby, may be recovered, disposed of, and applied.

II. 4 And whereas by the Laws now in force it may be deemed necessary, in certain Cafes, that the

4 Person or Persons offending against the fame should have actual Notice of the Orders in Council of

* his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, touching and receding Quarantine: And whereas it is frequently im-

4 poffibfc

