598

Fiom 0£. 10,

1790,

cf V (T-ls im-

porting T«'bic<*«

from America,

without Mani-

fefts, to forrcit

200 I.

MAfter* of such

VelTeh, on their

Arrival within

four Leagues of

the Coatt, to

produce their

Manifett* to th<

proper Officers,

Ac.

Officer of tht

Cuflams to

fatten down the

Hatchways.

If the Mailer

refuse to pro*

dure his Ma-

nifcA, Ac. or if

the Hatchway,

after being

fattened down,

shall be impro-

perly opened, he

ttiali forfeit

2001,*

If Hulk, be

broken within

four Leagues of

the Ooatt, See.

the Vefi’d, Ac.

to be forfei»ed,

and tht Matter

to pay 200I,

Penalties on

breaking Bulk

anl opening

Hatchways n:t

toeitrnl to

Vessel* where

the fame has

been dr*ne t»y

vnavoid ble

A' ci 'em or

Koceftny.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789,

America, in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this Act, any Law, Custom, or Ufege to the

contrary notwithstanding. /

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thoufiwdleffft

hundred and ninety, if any Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any Ship or

Vessel whatever, from any Port or Place within his Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Terri-

tories in America, or from any Port or Place within the United States of Americar without such Manifeftor

Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, as is in that Behalf herein; directed, the Matter or other

Person having or talcing the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of

two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand (even

hundred and ninety, every Master or other Person having or talcing the Charge or Command of any Ship

or Veil'd, in or on board which any Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, either from

any Port or Place within his Majesty’s said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or

from any Port or Place within the said United States of America^ shall, upon the Arrival of such Ship or

Vellel within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof,

produce to all and every Officer and Officers of the Customs, and also to all and every Officer and Officers

of Excise, who shall come on board such Ship or Vessel within such Limits or Difiance, all and every such

Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, for his and their Examination and Inspection;

and all and every such Officer and Officers, to whom such Manifest or Manifests,. or Content or Contents

shall have been so produced, shall certify such Production upon the Back thereof; and such Matter or other

Person so having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, shall provide, give,

and deliver to the first Officer of the Customs who shall come on board such Ship or Vessel, on the Arrival

thereof within the Limits of any of the said PoFts herein-before enumerated, and shall also in like Manner

provide, give, and deliver to the first Officer of Excise who shall come on boardTuch* Ship or VefleJ, on

the Arrival thereof within the Limits of any of the said Ports herein-before enumerated* a true Copy of such

Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents ; and each such Officer shall certify upon the Back of such

Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, the Receipt of such Copy or Copies thereof, with the particu-

lar Day and the Time when each such Officer so received the fame ; and such Officer, of the Customs, who

shall first come on board such Ship or Vessel, shall batten, fasten, and lock down the Main and other Hatchway

and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in such Ship or Vessel; and if such Officer shall De-

left so to do, then and in that Cafe any other Officer or Officers of the Customs shall batten, fasten, andlock

own the Main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in.such Ship or

Vessel; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel

shall, and he is hereby required to a (lift or cause to be assisted such Officer or Officers, by and with a

sufficient Number of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel, in the battening and locking down such Hatchway

or Hatchways : And if any such Master or other Person shall neglect or refuse to produce such Ma-

nifeft or Manifests, or Content or Contents, or to give any Inch Copy thereof, or to aifift or emit Hylic

assisted any such Officer or Officers in battening, fattening, or locking down such Hatchway or Hatch-

ways, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any such Hatchway shall, after the feme shall hare

been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, be opened;

or if any Fattening or Lock affixed to any such Hatchway, for the Purpose of fattening or locking the

fame, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be opened, broken, or damaged, after such Hatchway

shall have been so battened, fattened, or backed down as aforesaid, and before the fame shall have been opened

by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs ; the Master or other Person having or taking the

Chaige or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two

hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That if, after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel having Tobacco on

board, within the Limits of any of the Ports in Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coal!

thereof, Bulk shall be broken, or any Part of the Tobacco laden on board such Snip or Vessel ftu'l

be unladen or unshipped from or out of such Ship or Vessel, within the said Limits or pittance, and

if within the Limits of any of the Ports first herein before enumerated, before such Ship or Velirl

shall have been moored according to the Directions of this Act in that Behalf, or before the pro-

per Officer or Officers of the Customs, with the Consent of the Coovrniffi oners of his Majesty’s

Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of tfeem, or the Commissioners of his

M a jetty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose, (lull

have duly authorised the unlading thereof, every such Ship or Vessel, together with her Guns, Furniture,

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Tobacco then in or on board such Ship or Vessel, shall

be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and such

Master or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXII. Provided always. That no such Ship or Vessel, nor her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle,

or Apparel, nor any such Tobacco then in or on board such Ship or Vessel, fh ill be forfeited for or by

reason of Bulk being broken, or any of the Tobacco being unladen or unshipped as aforesaiJ, nor Dull

such Miffter or other Person incur the said last-mentioned Penalty of two hundred Pounds, in case the feme

was occasioned by unavoidable Accident, Necessity, or D.ttrefs, and Proof thereof shall be immediately

made, by the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and

two or more of the Mariners belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, upon Oath, before the Collectur

or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port within the Limits of which such Accident, Necessity, or

Distress fh ill havd happened, or before the Colleftoror other Chief Officer of the Customs of the first Port of

Great Britain within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall afterwards arrive, if such Accident, Nc-

ceftty.

