A. D; 17S8’. Anno vicesimo cxSfcavo Georgii III. C. 4 501

lowed and ordered by the Authority of this Act, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat-^

tels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal of one or more fuel) Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City, Town,

Borough, or Division, where such Offence, Negledf, or Default shall happen; and such Order for Payment

of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress and Sale (if any) to the

Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice or Justices

is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender, by Confelfion, or

upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the

Penalties and Forfeitures, Costs and Charges, when so levied, shall be paid, the one Half to the Informer,

and the other Half to the Overseers of the Poor of the Pariff), Township, or Place, where the Master or

Miff refs of such Apprentice shall dwell and inhabit; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such

Penal t ies and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful

for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his

or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons

liable to pay the'fame respectively, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding,

City, Town, Borough, or Divilion, where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall

be made, for any Time not exceeding three Months, unless the said Penalty, forfeiture, Costs, or Charges,

shall respectively be sooner paid*

XII* Provided nevertheless, That no Warrant of Distress shall be issued for levying any Penalty or For-

feiture, Colts or Charges, until fix Days after the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made

and Served upon him or her for Payment thereof.

No W<rran* of

Distress to be if-

sued until fix

Days alter the

Conviction.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any nor on_

Sum or Sums or Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, lawful for want

nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespafter or Trespassers, on Account of any Default of Form, Ac.

or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed

a TrcfpaiFr or Trelpafiers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the

Party or Parties distraining , but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover a full Sa-

tisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Caie.

XIV. Provided always. That no Plaintiff'or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregula- Plaintiff not to

rity, Trespais, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of recover for any

the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to have been committed, any such Irregularity or ly'gulanrv,

wrongful Proceedings, before such Action bought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall c?ent Amend* t*

and may be lawful for the*Defendant in any Inch Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall

depend, at any l ime before Issue joined, to nay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit,

whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court,

as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.,

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Oath is hereby required and directed to be taken, the justices to ad-

Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, where the minister Oath*.

Offence shall be committed, shall administer, and he or they is and are hereby respectively impowered to

administer the fame.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself ag- Perron* aggriev

grieved by any T iling done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, such Person may ed may appeal,

appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sections of the Peace to beholden for the &c*

County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, having

first entered into a Recognizance, with sufficient Surety, before such Justices, to prosecute and abide by the

% Order or Orders that shall be made on such Appeal, and also giving, or causing to be given, to the Justice by

whose Act or Acts such Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, Notice in Writing of his or her In-

tention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, within fix Days after the Cause of such Complaint

shall have arisen.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and Publick Act*

taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Per-

fons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

\

The SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers*

T HIS INDENTURE, made the Day of in the

Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain,

France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, ts'e. and in the Year of our Lord

Between A% B. and C. D. Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish

of in the County of [or E. F. the Father or next Friend of the Boy

to be placed out, as the Ca/e may Be] of the one Part j and of the Parish

of in the County of Chimney Sweeper, of the other Part:

WITNESSETH, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the‘Poor [or the said E. F. as the Cafe

may Be]y by and with the Consent and Approbation of G. H, and /. K. two of his Majesty’s Justices of

th»

