A. D» 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

Ci 107* 2^1

apportioned between such County, and such City or Town, in such Proportion as the respective Quotas

paid to the Land Tax for such County, and City or Town, respectively bear to each other, unless the Ap-

portionment of the Number of such Militia Men shall actually have been made in pursuance of the Lifts

directed to be returned by this Act, in which Cafe the said Sum of five Pounds per Man shall be borne by such

County, and by such City or Town, in such Proportions as the respective Numbers of Militia Men, so ap-

portioned to be raised by (iich County, and by such City or Town, bear to each other.

4 CXIX. And whereas there are several Cities, Towns, and Places, which do not contribute to the Pay-

4 ment of the said Rate called The County Rate\ and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns, and

4 Places can be legally rated and assessed towards the Payment of the Rate of Assessment to be laid in purfu-

4 ance of this Act \ be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where the Militia shall not be raised within

any City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate, the Proportion of the said Sum of five Pounds

tr Man, to be borne by such City, Town, or Place, shall be raised, levied, and collected within such City,

Town, or Place, by a separate Rate or Assessment. in like Manner, by the Churchwardens and Overseers

of the Poor, and by such and the like Ways and Means as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor can or may

be raised, levied, and collected, and such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall, from Time to

Time, pay over the feme to the Treasurer of the County with which such City, Town, or Place shall be

joined of united for the Purpose of railing the Militia.

4 CXX. And whereas there are some Towns which lie in two Counties; and Doubts may arise whether

c such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties towards raising the said Money / be it therefore further

enacted, That where any Town lies in two Counties, the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such

Town, in lieu of raising the Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County wherein the

Church of such Town is-situate.

Counties of

thcmfcivei*

Where there ire

no County Rates,

the AireilVncat

to be raised as the

Poor's Rfctef arc.

Where a Tow*

lies intwoCouo-

ties, the Money

assessed to be paid

to the Treasurer

of the County wherein the Church Sands*

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum of Money which ought to be paid by any City,

Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Treasurer of the

County or Place as aforesaid, before the first Day of June, in every Year, the Justices of the Peace for

such County or Place shall, at their next M'tdjummer Quarter Session, issue out an Order to the Overseers

of the Poor of every Parish or Place within such City, Town, or Place, requiring such Overseers to certify

and return to the said Justices, at the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, the several Quotas that every

Farish or Division within such City, Town, or Place, pays to the Land Tax for that Year, and such

Overseers of the Poor are hereby required to make such Certificate and Return accordingly; and upon

such Certificate and Return being made, the said Justices so assembled at their Michaelmas Quarter Session

are hereby required (by their Warrant directed to any Constable or Tythingman of every such Parrth and

Division) to cause the feme to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Church-

wardens or Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish and Division, rendering the Overplus (if any) to

the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Money, and the reasonable Charges attending such Dif-

trefe and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

shall be reimbursed the Money (o levied on them respectively by the feme Ways and Means as Over-

seers of the Poor are reimbursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor, by the Laws now

in being.

CXaII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for every County or Place, who shall receive

the said Sum of five Pounds per Man as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, is hereby required to pay all the

Money he shall so receive to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County or Place, within one

Calendar Month after he shall receive the same; and every Receiver General of the Land Tax, to whom

any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the

feme, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed

to be raised in any County or Place as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of

the Land Tax, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be; a full Discharge and Indemnification to such

County or Place for the Failure or Neglect in raising and training of the Militia for the Year in respect

whereof such Payment shall be made; and every such Receiver General shall, within ten Days after the Re-

ceipt of any such Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Treatury, and forthwith pay the feme into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at TVt/lminster;

and the Money so paid into the Exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from all other Money, and

shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament, and disposed of as Parliament shall direct, and no Fee or Gra-

tuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account of receiving or

issuing any such Money; and the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, is or are hereby

authorised to allow to the Receiver General of any such County or Place, upon the clearing of his Accounts,

such Salary or Reward, for his Pains and Trouble in receiving and paying in such Money, as the said High

Treafuirr or Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding two Pence in the Pound for so much Money

as he shall pay into the Exchequer in pursuance of this Act.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of every County or Place, as

a Recotnpence for his Pains and Trouble in collecting, receiving, and paying the Money to be raised in

every such County or Place as aforesaid, {hall be allowed the Sum of one Penny in the Pound upon the

whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Treasurer is hereby authorised to

detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him befor? Payment made to the Receiver General as

aforesaid; and every High Constable, Petty Constable, Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, who

shall act in the raising. and collecting of the said Money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such

26 Geo. III. I i Treasurerj

Ifthe Assessment

fora Place where

there are no

County Rates be

not paid, it may

be levied by lh*

Justicea.

Treasurer to pay

the Assessrnent

to the Receiver

of the Land Tax

for the County.

Receiver Gene-

ral to certify the

Receipt thereof

to the Treasuryj

and pay the Mo*

ney into the

Exchequer.

A Salary may be

allowed the Rev

ceiver.

County Trea-

surer to detain

1 d. per Pound

of the Money he

receives; and to

pay a like Sum

to the High Con*

{tables, Src. on

the Money they

are concerned 49

coUe&iflf*

