II,"

A. 0,1787. Anno viceflmo feptimo Georgii III. C. 13. (F.)

Wine continued.

of the European Dominions of the French King (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in

respecthereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Mer-

chandize to any Britishi Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the

East Indies, and.foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Fourteen Pounds Seven

Snillings. . — - — - — — 14

For every Tun of French Wine which shall be imported as aforesaid (for which all the Duties

hereby imposed in respe£)t thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great

Britain as Merchandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity, Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings. — —• —

ForeveryTun of Rheni(h, German, or Hungary Wine (for which all the Duties hereby imposed

in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchan-

dize to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity, Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings. — — — —

For every fun of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine (for which all the Duties hereby im-

posed in respecfc thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as Mer-

chandize to any Britishi Settlement in the East Indies, and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity, Nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings. — — — —

ForeveiyTun of Rhenifti, German, or Hungary Wine (for which all the Duties hereby im-

posed in respe& thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as Mer-

chandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater or

kfler Quantity, Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings. — — — —

For every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the

Duties hereby imposed in respe£l thereof shall have been, paid) and which shall be exported

from Great Britain as Merchandize to any Britishi Colony or Plantation in America, and so

in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-

Fotevery Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all

the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be ex-

ported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any Britishi Settlement in the East Indies, and

so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-

Fw every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all

the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be ex-

ported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas^ and

so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings andlour-

GOLDTHREAD.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of

Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire, which shall be made in

Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respe£fc thereof shall have been paid) and

exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quan

dty, Seven Shillings and Eight-pence. -*• — — , — —

SILVER THREAD,

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of

Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire, which shall be made in

Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and

exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quan-

tity, Five Shillings and Nine-pence. — — — — —

*3

17

*3

ti

11

d.

>S

N.B. For the countervailing Duties on French Ghfs, and the additional Duties on other Glass, imported\ and the Draw*

hacks on the Exportation of British Glcfs, vide 37 Geo, 3, Cap. 28.

For the Increase of the Duty from 5 d. to 9 d. per Gallon on Importation of Geneva, and of the Drawback to 8 d.

per Gallon on Exportation, vide 27 Geo. 3, Cap. 32, Clause 24.

For the Perrniffion to import unmanufactured Ebony from Africa in British-built Ships Duty free, vide 27 Geo. 3,

Cap. 32, Clause 25.

For an Alteration in the Duty of Excise on Paper not enumerated in the Schedule, vide 27 Geo. 3, Cap. 31, Clause 29.

a7 Gko. III. Z* CAP.

