The TITLES of

*f The Red Port, in the County of Somerset; and for

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road

from Kilmerfdor/, in the said County, to join the Road

from Uuckhind D'inham afore laid, in the Street of Raclflock,

in the said County.

IC2. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading trom the Cross Hands in Tedding-

ton Field, in the Parish of Over bury, in the County of Wor-

cefler, to the London Turnpike Road between Evejham and

Perjkore, in the said County.

103. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the

Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament of the tint, ieven-

teenth, and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repair-

ing several Roads leading from the borough of Fvemam,

and fevered ether Roads in the Counties of VVorcefler and

Gloucester.

104. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads

leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the

Road through the Parish of Bromcjberrow, in the County

of Glaucejier, and Corje Lawn, till it joins the Road from

Ghucejlcr to Worcester.

^105. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several

Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of his

late M;jjtfty’s Reign, and of the fourth Year of his pre-

lent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in

the County of Edinburgh, and for making the lame more

effectual.

ic6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing

and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton,

near the Borough ^Warwick, through King’s Norton, in

the County of Worcester; and to the upper End of Gannovv

Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn,

in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of

Worcester; so far as relates to the Road between the said

Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heathy in the

County of Warwick.

107. An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, al-

tering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain

Dwelling-house in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of

William Walker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from

thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn ;

and all'o the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the Ealf

End of Cockjhut Bridge, in the T own of Whalley; and

-also the Road from Hafingden aforesaid, through New

Church and Bacupy to Todmordcn; and for making a Road

from the said Road between Bury and Haslingden, in the

Township of Walmerfey, to the River Irwell, and for

building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three

Acts passed in the third and twenty-second Years of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

the several Roads leading into the City £/'Hereford; and for

amending the Roads toLlanclotuly Hill and Langua Bridge,

and also for making and keeping in Repair the Roads from

the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Passage through

the several 1 ownships or Places therein mentioned.

109. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the

eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as re-

lates to amending and widening the Road from the City

of York to the Top of Oswald Kirk Bank, and for dif-

ebarging the Trustees from the Care of the Road, from

the said Road in Sutton Fieldy through Craike, towards

Oul/lony to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the

County of York.

the STATUTES.

no. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hcyzvood, in the

Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the

Parilli of Prejiwich, in the County Palatine of Lane after

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 29 Ceorgli III.

1. \ N Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or

JfX. Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and two

Aloors or Commons called Upper Bratify Common and

Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Brandy, ill

the Parish of Kiiuwick, in the W eft Riding of the County

of York.

2. An Act to enable Ralph Willis Esquire (lately called

Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the

Surname, and bear the Arms of Willis only, pursuant to

the Will of Daniel I Vi His Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel IVendt.

4. An Act for naturalizing [John Gottlieb Klopfer, John

William Vogel, and Htnry S iff ken.

5. An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet, and

James Lewis Sicrdet.

6. An Act for the Naturalization of Lewis Pour tales,

7. An Act to diflbive the Marriage of Henry Fortick She-

ridan Esquire with Lydia Pergujfone, his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Downs, Commonsfiand Commonable Lands,in the Manor

and Parish of Lower Sivcll, in the County of Clovcester.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Field?, and Common Downs, Common

Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish

of Broughton, in the County of Southampton.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open.

Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds,

in the Parish of Thrujfmgton, otherwise Thurjlanton, other-

wife Trufjington, in the County of Leiccjier,

11. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secretariy

otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

12. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of fid Hi am Ifallct

Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out

the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the

fame Uses.

13. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will

of Sir John Philipps Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for inverting the Money arising from the Sale

thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the

Ulcs devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be vested

in Ti uftees to be sold.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

called Wijivell Moor, in the Township of IVifwell, and

Parish of IVhalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas

Lands and Commons, Moors, and YVafte Lands, within

the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Shipcot,

and in tire Parish of Stamvell, in the County of Al/aW/e/eoc.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonabie Lands and Grounds,

in Pulton, alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of

Easton, in the Parish of Qfickcrilly alias Weft Chickerill, in

the County of Dorset.

17- An

