A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 78, 79.

the Authority aforesaid, That froiji and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, whenever any Person shall be desirous of packing up, in order to be exported to foreign Parts, by

way of Merchandize, any Paper printed, painted, or stained, before the said first Day of September one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Ules, and not

having such Stamps or Seals denoting the charging the said Duties, and such Frame Marks denoting the

Measure thereof, at both Ends of every Piece of such Paper, or of every Sheet of such Paper, where any

single Sheet is printed, painted, or stained, as are by this Act required, such Person, or his Clerk Qr Ma-

nager, shall make Oath (or being a Quaker, Affirmation) before the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other

Officer of Excise, appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose

(who is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame), that all and every such Piece and Pieces, or

Sheet or Sheets of Paper were printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, before the said first Day of

September one thousand (even hundred and eighty-six; and such Officer or Officers shall not permit to be

packed up in order to be exported, any Piece of Paper, or any Sheet of Paper, printed, painted, or stained

m Great Britain, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, not having

the Stamps or Seals dirv&ed by this Act denoting the charging the said Duties, and also the Frame Marks

denoting the Measure thereof, distiniS and plain at both Ends of every such Piece of Paper, or Sheet of Pa-

per, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained ; and the Officer or Officers who shall attend

to fee such Paper, so printed, painted, or stained, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-six, packed up, shall take care to measure the said Paper, and to fee that the Stamps

or Seals directed by this Act denoting the charging of the Duties thereupon, and also the Frame

Marks denoting the Measure thereof, are cut off from both Ends of every Piece of such Paper, or every

Sheet of such Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, before the fame are packed

up.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be lued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or

Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every

such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to

him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action ox Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this

Ad, such Action or Suit (nail be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and

shall belaid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon;

and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be-

come nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution,or Judgement shall be given against

him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs

awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff' or Plaintiff's.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain

Duties therein mentioned from the m Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of

Stamps, respectixely, to the Comtnijfioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making

further Provisions in respeEI to the said Duties so transferred; and for making certain

Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for the Du-

ties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Ma-

nagement.

* HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

* VV dn Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on

4 Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in nfpeft whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable; and also,

4 another Act was passed in the Jwenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for trans-

4 ferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise,

4 and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and also for

4 making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; it is by the said first recited Act

4 enacted. That every rerfon who shall keep or use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of Rid-

4 ing, shall yield and pay annually, for every such Horle, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of ten Shillings : And

4 whereas it is reasonable that Persons in Circumstances herein after described shall not be charged with the

4 said Duty by the said first recited Act imposed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of

April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons who shall keep any Horse, Mare,

or Gelding, which shall be used truly, and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry, or of drawing any

a Carriage

175

If Paper stained

before Sept. I,

1786,11 exported

Oath to be madff

of the Fact.

No Paper stained

after Sept, f,

1786, to be per-

mitted to be

packed for Ex-

porution, unlefe

iegaliy marked.

See.

Officer to mea-

sure Paper ex-

ported, and cut

off the Marks.

&c.

How Fine! are to

be recovered and

applied.

Limitation of

Adiiofii.

General Issue«

Treble CoUfa

Preamble.

Act 24 Geo. 3.

c. 31.; and

Act 25 Geo. 3.

c. 47. recited.

From April 5,

1786, no Horftf

kept for Huf-

bandry, or hr

Carriage of Bur*

