643

A. D* 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 71—76.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such Streets and other publick Places, within

that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras,-in the County of Middlesex, whion lies on the North and South

Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington to Ifington, called Sommers Town, and is now actually

leased to 'Jacob Leroux Esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose;

and for preventing Nuitknces and Obstructions therein.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough o{ And ever, in the County

of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrcok, tn the said County.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by In-

croachments and Annoyances; for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there; for widening

certain Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Railages, to render

the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more iafe ind commodious.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or from near to CranfordBridge, in the County

of Derby, to join and communicate with the ErewaJ!) Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also

Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Coda or Park ALL', to or near Ptnxion ALU, in

the said County.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square,

within the Liberty of the City of IPejhninJlcr; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles,

Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances

and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish;

and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

CAP. LXXV I.

An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and tnclofwg such of the

open Parts of the Dislritl called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the] County of York, as

lie within the Eleven Conflablcries thereof; and for other Purposes therein ;mentioned; and by

an Act of the fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former

Act, and for making the said two Acts more effedlua).

4< The Preamble recites. That by 10 Geo. 3. JViUiam Hil!r Joseph Butler, William Chippendale, John

44 Flintoff, and Thomas Furness, were appointed Commissioners to carry the Act into Execution; and that

44 by 14 Geo. 3. Richard Richardson of Darlington, Land Surveyor, was added to the other Commis-

44 sioners, and that by the first-mentioned Act, Powers were given to make Exchanges, and to borrow 50 s.

44 per Acre by Mortgage. It Rates that the Commissioners executed their general Award ; and that Jfpb

44 Butler, William Chippendale, John Flinteff, and Thomas Furness, four of the Commissioners, are since dead,

cc whereby William Hill and Richard Richardson are become the only surviving Commissioners : It abb re-

44 cites, that some Exchanges were made, and that other Exchanges are desirable, and that the Award was

44 executed before the Tenants for Life coul J ascertain the Charges ; and the Expediency of appointing a

44 third Commissioner. It is therefore enacted, That John Bainbridge, of the Parish of Panal, in the

44 County of York, Land Surveyor, Hull be added to the two surviving Commissioners. On Death or Re-

44 fufal to act of any Commissioner, another to be appointed by the surviving Commissioners. Parties in-

44 terefled empowered to exchange Lands. Copyhold exchanged for Freehold to be Freehold, and so vice

44 versa. No Land held by Kcclcftallical Right to be exchanged without the Licence of the Archbishop

44 of York, or the Bishop of the Diocese, and the Patron of the Advowson. 'Tenants for Life may borrow

44 on Allotments as they could have done under the former Acts, intereil of Money borrowed to be duly

44 paid. Provision fur eRabluhing the Out-boundaries of the Forest Lands lying open so Wallcs of other

44 Places. Other Parties empowered to exchange for the better settling the boundaries.”

4 IX. ND whereas, by the said Act of the tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, a certain Spot of Waste 20o Acres ?1-

4 A Land, containing two hundred Acres, adjoining or near to certain Wells or Springs of medi- lotted a*. Har-

* cinal Waters, called Harrougate Spates (to which, during the Summer Sc.don, great Numbers of Persons r0*'pae for the

4 did then and do Rill resort to receive the Benefit of the said Waters), was directed to be set out by the said

* Commissioners therein named, and such Number of Cattle belonging to Freeholders and Copyholders of $pawi.

* the ConRableries of Hilton with ILirrowgate, and Beckwith with Rofct, or either of them, was to be

*9 Geo* HI. 4 P c kept

