A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o£avo Georgii III. C. 34.

4 poflihle to prove such actual Noticetherefore be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to give any actual

Notice of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, or of any Regulations therein contained, which

are now in force touching and re (peeing Quarantine; and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, by any Order or Orders in Council hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a Time or

Times, after which the Publication of such Order or Orders in the London Gazette shall be deemed and

taken to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, of all and every such Order or Orders in Council of

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

III. And be it t'uitiier enacted. That every Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of

any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall and is hereby required, from and after the

first Day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in case of meeting or falling in with any

Ship or Vefielat Sea, or within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of

Guernsey, JerJ'ey,. Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoist a particular Signal, to denote that his Vessel is liable to

Quarantine; such Signal, for the Day Time, to be a large yellow Flag at the Main Top-mast Head;

and, for the Night Time, to be a Light at the fame Malt Head ; on Failure whereof, such Commander,

Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, so liable to the Performance of Quarantine,

shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted. That every Often e committed contrary to, or in Breach or Violation of,

the said herein-recited a£or this present Act, or any Order or Orders of his Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

cessors, now or hereafter to be made in his or their Privy Council, touching or respedhng Quarantine, and

notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and deter-

mined, in any County within Great Britain, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jcrf-y, Al-

derney, Sari:, or Alan, respectively.

V. 4 And whereas certain Veiie's and Boats, after Seizure and Condemnation for Offences against the

4 Revenue of Customs and Lxcise, are now by Law liable to be broken up, and the leizing Officers are

4 rewarded with a Moiety of the Produce of the Materials thereof, after deducting the Charges of Con-

4 dt conation-aid Sale: And whereas the Reward of the seizing Officers in such Cafe is in general very

4 trifling, and in fume Inftunces the Charges of Condemnation and Sale have exceeded the Produce: And

4 whereas it is expedient that Officers of tue Customs and Lxcise should have a proper Encouragement to

4 induce them to use their utmost Endeavours to fei/.e such Vessels and Boatsbe it therefore enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred

and eigr.ty-eighc, the Comrmffioners of Ins Majesty’s Customs and Lxcise in England for the Lime being,

or any tour or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland for the Time

being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required respectively, out

of any Monies in their Hands, aiiiing from his Majesty’s Share of Seizures, to reward any Officer or

Ofhctisot the Customs and Lxcise, who foall seize any Vessel or Boat, which by Law shall be liable to be

broken up* after Condemnation, and (half not be used »n his Majesty’s Service, in the following Manner;

(that is to lay,) they ihail respectively reward, and cause to be paid to such Officer or Officer:, the Sum of

ten Shillings ptr Foil, according to the legal Admeasurement thereof, for all such Vessels and Boats as

shall exceed four 'Lons by Admeasuresment; and the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Boat winch shall

not exceed four Tons; and also one Moiety of the Produce of the Materials of such Vessels and Boats

reflectively, after deducting therefrom the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

VI. 4 And whereas it happens in some Cales, that Vessels seized and condemned under the Laws of

4 Customs and Lxcise for illicit Prafticcs, which are now by Law directed to be broken up, if not sold to

4 the Navy, or to the Customs or Excise, are not constructed or tit for the Purposes of Smuggling, and

4 may be useful as trading Vcflcis ;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when-

ever it shall appear to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs and Lxcise in England and Scotland

respectively, that any Vessel under Seizure by their Officers respectively, and which, on Condemnation, is

now by Law liable to be so broken up, is of such Built and Construction as not to be proper or calculated

for Smuggling, but shall, in their Judgment, be fit and suitable to be used and employed in fair mercantile

Trade; in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful foi the said Commissioners respectively, and they are

hereby authorised and empowered to cause every such Vessel to be sold after Condemnation, instead of being

broken up ; and the Produce arising from such Sale shall be disposed of and applied in like Manner as the

Produce of Vessels seized i>y the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, and which were not liable

to be broken up, were heretofore fold, and the Produce thereof disposed of and applied.

VIE 4 And whereas it is expedient, under certain Circumstances, to permit and allow the Delivery of

4 Goods or Commodities, upon Security, which shall or may be seized in pursuance of any Act or Atfts

4 of Parliament made in Great Britain relative to the Trade and Revenue of the British Colonies and

4 Plantations in America y be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Goods

or Commodities shall be seized as forfeited, by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament,

mow or hereafter to be made in Great Britain, relative to the Trade and Revenue of the said Colonies

sind Plantations in America, it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of any Court having Juris-

ciiclion to try and determine such Seizures, to order the Delivery of such Goods or Commodities, on fuf-

iicient Security by Bond being given to answer double the Value of such Goods in case of Condemnation,

such Security to be good and sufficient, and to be taken to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

by and in the Name of the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs in whose Custody the said Goods may

be lodged.

VIlI. And to the End that such Security may be good and sufficient, be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs shall, previous to the Execution of^the

Bond,

429

rantine, not ne-

ceflary to fce

given.

Publication in

the Owiere of

future <>rder$ in

Council, to be

fuflkientNorice#

From Jan. 1,

17S9, Ships

T able to Qua-

rantine to hoist

a Signal, of the

Description

herein fptcified,

on Penalty of

2001.

Offences may

be tried in any

County in Great

Britain, Scc.

From Tune 24,

1788, OrtTers

if the Customs

and Excise lei*-

ing Vessels liable

to be broken up,

to be rewarded

as herein men-

tioned.

Commissionera

of the Customs

and Excise may

cause fei£ed

Vessels, not

conltrulted for

Smuggling, to

be fold instead

of broken of*

Goods feiaed

under any A&

relative to the

Trade of the

British Colonies

in America,

may be deliver-

ed. on Security

being given to

answer d >uble

the Value,

Directiont

with regard to-

taking such

Security, Ac*

