<2. 62, 63. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to esquire into the Lofies and Services of all such Persons

who have fuftered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Distenfions in

America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to theBritish Government.

ic 'John I hi If not Esq. Colonel Robert Kin”ft on. Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh E(b. Jeremy Pem-

44 i>crt:n Esq. and Robert Mackenzie Esq. are constituted Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act ; and

44 may examine Parties on Oath. Persons delivering in fraudulent Claims to be excluded from any Com-

44 penlation. Persons giving falle Evidence to be liable to the Penalties of Perjury. Commissioners to en-

44 quire into Claims made previous to June 3, 1788, for Lofies by furnishing Provisions for the Navy or

44 Army in America during the late War, &c. Commissioners may receive the Claims of certain Persons

44 named in the Act; but not to report on their Cafes, unless they receive Proof of the Parties having been

14 prevented from.delivering their Claims in due Time. Commissioners to give an Account of their Pro-

44 ceedirigs to the Treasury and Secretaries of State. Treasury to pay 2,000/. to the Commissioners; for

44 paying Clerks, £sV. Commissioners may receive Half Pay. In case of the Death, £&. of a Com-

44 ini (Goner during the Receb of Parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. This A St to continue till

44 Jlarch 25, 1790.”

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by

AuClion, from the Duty imposed on such Sales 5 for exempting Persons licensed to

retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences,

who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which

such Licences shall be granted ; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not

being Retailers, Redtifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

Preamble,

*7 Geo, j.c. 13.

recited.

From Oft. I,

1789, Piece

Gcodf wove in

(hit Kingdom

may be (old in

the Quantity

taken tiora the

Lootr, and in

Lott of the Price

of «ol. or up-

wards, without

paying the Auc-

tion Duty im-

p >fed by the re-

cued Ad j

but not in any

o;her than en-

tered Places, nor

unlrfs the Gouda

ere expo fed at

the Sale,

Aur inneer t«

give Security for

delivering at

ti e next Lxcise

Office, an Ac-

count of the Sale

of futh Goods,

fee.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

(intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue;

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, JVares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture cf

the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed

Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Keduttion of the Natisnul

Debt,) an Excise Duty of Sevenpence is chargeable for every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money

arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain (among other Goods and Chattels)

of all Piece Goods, and other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in Great Britain: And whereas

it would greatly encourage the Manufacture of such Goods in this Kingdom, if the fame were allowed

to be sold by Auction entire as the fame were taken from the Loom, and in Lots of a certain Price, for

or on Account of the Manufacturers or first Purchasers thereof respectively, free of the said Duty

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the lame, That, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, all

Goods whatsoever, woven or fabricated in the Loom in this Kingdom, which shall be fold entire in the

Piece or Quantity in which the fame were taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot whereof shall be of

the Price ot twenty Pounds Sterling or upwards, shall and may be sold by publick Sale, by way of Auc-

tion, in Lots as aforesaid, for or on the Account of the Manufacturers or first Purchasers thereof respec-

tivcrly, by any Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, but not otherwHe, free

of the said Duty.

II. Provided always. That no Person shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duty, for or io

respect of any such Goods sold by way of Auction, unless such Sale (nail be carried on in some Ware-

house. Room, or Place, whereof a true and particular Entry in Writing shall have been made with the

proper Officer at the next Office of Excise within the Limits where such Warehouse, Room, or Place

shall be situated, and unless such Goods shall be openly shewn and exposed at the Time and Place of

such Sale.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That every Person acting as Auctioneer, at every such

publick Sale by way of Auction as aforesaid, shall, over and besides the Bond now directed by Law to be

given on receiving his Licence, give further Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ifl

tue Sum of five thousand Pounds, with two or more Sureties, which Security the Commissioners of Excise,

or any two or more of them for the Time being, in England and Scotland respectively, or such Person or

Persons as the said Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, are

hereby authorised and impowered to take, that he will, within fourteen Days after such Sale at Auction of

any Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom as aforesaid, deliver, at the next Office of Excise within fadI

Limits as aforesaid, a true, exaCt, and particular Account in Writing of the several Lots and Parcels of

such Goods which shall have been fold, the Amount of the Money bid at such Sale, and the Price of cadi

Lot and Parcel; and further, that he will not at apy Time knowingly offer or put up for Salc1 or fell it

Audios,

