A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 22—2 353

penfations, the Surplus and Residue of the said Mon^y {hall, from Time to Time, be paid to the Commis-

sioners appointed by or in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Sett ion of Parliament, intituled, An /A? for

appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the H oods, Forcjis, and Land Revenues belong-

ing to the Crown, and to Jell or alienate Fee-farm and ether nnimproveable Rents; and the fame 1 hall be laid out

by the said Commissioners, and be dispoted of in like Manner as the Monies diiected to be paid into the

Bank of England under or by virtue of the said recited A61.

IV. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and General S*ting«

all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors (other than and except the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such L'state, Righr, Title, Interest, and Demand whatever, which

they or any of them have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said Me flu ages or Tenements and

Premiles, or any of them, or any Part thereof, before the patting of this Act, as fully and effectually, to ail

Intents and Purpotes, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing: And it is hereby declared to be a PubPck Act of Parliament and all Judges, Justices, and others, Publick a&#

are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-teven. [2,500,000l.]

, CAP. XXIV.

An'Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-teven. [1,500,000l.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand

{even hundred and eighty-seven. [1*500,000l.]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the

Time being, to let to Farm the Duties, granted by an Act made in the twenty-fifth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by

Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame.

TT THEREAS by ah Ad made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his pre- pr<.amblc, rr-

c YV sent Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons let- citing25 Geo.3.

c ting Horses for the Purpfe cf travelling PoJ?, and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Bojl, and by c. 51.

c Time, and on Stage Coaches; and for granting ether Duties in lieu thereof; and afo additional Duties

on Horjls let to IFire for travelling Pj/?, and by Dime), it was, amongst other T hings, enacted,

4 That from and after the first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there

c should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and

4 for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, among other Rates and Duties, the several

4 Rates and Duties following; that is to say. For and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage,

4 to be used in travelling Post in Great Britain, a Duty of one Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse

€ should be hired to travel Post; and that for and in relpcd of every Horse hired for a Day, or any less Period

4 of Time, for drawing on any Publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post or other-

4 wife, by whatsoever Name such Carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, for or in

4 respect whereof any Rates or Duties, then or thentofore under the Management of the Coirlmittioners of

4 Excise, were or had been made payable by any Statute or Statutes then in force, there should be charged,

4 if the Distance should be then ascertained, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile, and if the Distance

4 should not be ascertained, there should be charged the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for and in

4 respe<St of each Horse so hired; such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse should

4 be hired: And whereas there is great-Reason to believe the said Rates and Duties have been greatly

evaded, we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Par-

liament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled * and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this pre sent Parliament altembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and From Aug. r,

may be lawful, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to and *7*7» the 1><a-

for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the p^rm^he LM?

Time being, and they are hereby impowered, either by themselves, or by his Majesty’s Commissioners for p,aarrd t,y thce5

managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto duly authorised for that Purpose, recLied Art;

under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners

of the Treasury, or any three of them, for that Purpose, to let to Farm the Rates and Duties herein-before

recited,

