The TITLES of

59. An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Re-

lief and Support ot Skippers and Keel men employed on

the River Tyne, who by Sicknds, or other accidental

Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to main-

tain themselves and their Families; and also for the Re-

lief of the Widows and Children of Rich Skippers and

Keel men.

60. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, ivatch-

trig, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes,

Alleys, and other pub/ick Passages and Places, within the

Parish of Christ Church, in iViiddlesex; and for removing

Nuisances and Objlr nidi ores therefrom, and preventing the

like for the future ; and for paving and regulatin'* such

Pa rts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish,

61. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the second

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Ai l for enlarging the Term and Powers cf several Acts of

Parliament, relating to the Harbour cf Whitehaven, in the

County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the

said Harbour and Town cf Whitehaven, and for further

enlarging the said Harbour : and for lighting the said Town,

and J applying the same with Water; an I for regulating the

Carmen there ; and for repealing so much of an Act of the

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as

relates to the Road from Caider Bridge to Egremont, and

direfling how the said Road shall be repaired; and for re-

pairing fever hi other Roads therein mentioned in the said

County,

62. An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish

Church of Saint Peter le Poor, within the City of London,

and for widening the Street adjacent.

63* An Act for charging several Estates in the Counties of

Northumberland, Cumberland,anti Durham, settled upon the

late Charles Radcliffe deceased, for Life, w ith Remainder to

his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, with the Payment

of a clear yearly Rent Charge of two thousand five hundred

Pounds, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Rad-

elide, the Right Honourable Anthony fames Earl of

Ncvjburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be be-

gotten.

64, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting

the Town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing

Obstructions and Annoyances \ and for widening the

Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

An Act for removing and preventing Encroachments,

Obstructions, Annoyances, and other Nuisances, within

the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof; and for

licensing and better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs,

Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Owners,

Drivers, and Carriers thereof respectively, and Porters, and

other Persons, within and for certain Distances round the

said City and Liberties ; and for better regulating the Ship-

'ging and Trade, and the Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and

Quays, and the Markets within the same City and Liber-

ties 3 and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls,

within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof.

67. An Act for widening and rendering commodious a cer-

tain Street called Broad Street, within the City of Bristol ;

and for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the

said City, and providing Publick Offices thereto, and

Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said

City.

68. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of

present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes

the STATUTES.

within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certairf

Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing*

lighting, and watching the Janie, and also the Courts, lards*

Aliys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing

Annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the-

several Streets, Lanes, and Pailages within the bast Divi-

fion in the said Act described.

69. An Act ror taking down the present Court House and

Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court House and

Gaol, in and the Town and County of lnvernefs; and

for appropriating the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of

the unexhausted Balance, or Surplus, arising from the

Forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and

building the fame.

70. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, at

the Town of Birmingham, called Deritcnd Bridge, and

widening the Avenues thereto \ and for widening and vary-

ing the Course of the said River near the Lid Bridge, and

making a Weir and other necessary Works to prevent the

lower Part of the said Town from being overflowed.

7 r. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Marsh called Mallr—-

dearth and Corfddaugau, in the County of Anghfcy, and for

embanking the said Marsh ; and for making Cuts, Chan-

nels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the

lame ; and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Chan-

nels, with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of

certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said

Embankments and Works.

72. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal*

from Pentre Rock near the Town of Flint, to Greenfield^

in the County of Flint,

73. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal,

from the Canal at Donnington IVcod, in the County of

Salop, to or near a Place ciuled Southall Bank, and fronv

thence by two several Branches to communicate with the^

River Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near

Madeley JVood, in the said County, and also certain colla-

teral Cuts to join such CanaL

74. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington*

in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church-

yard of the said Parish*

75. An Act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, light-

ing, and watching the Streets and other Publick Partages.

and Places within the'Borough of Hertford, and removing

and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances

therein.

76. An Act for raising further Sums of Money for the better

Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City

of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for

erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City

and County, for the better employing and maintaining the

Poor there.

77. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Der-

went, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and

for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto.

78. An Act for enlarging the T erms and Powers of two

Acts of the twelfth and nineteenth Years of his present

Majesty’s Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge,

and completing a new Stone Bridge, over the River Tyne+.

between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gatcjhcad,

in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to

and the Passages over the fame more commodious; and for

removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in

the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new

Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gatefioead, in the County

of Durham.

29« An

kaooooie

