k, D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.. C. 65—67,

be sued for, recovered, or levied, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In-

formation, in his Majesty’s Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively ; and that one Moiety

of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, shall he to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XLVIl. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against:

any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action

or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the

proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and

five this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a

rerdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail become noni'uited, or

discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prolccution; or if Judgment shall be given against him, her, or

them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to

him, her, or them, against such.Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery. [688,750/.]

CAP. LX VI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per*

* quifites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately received in the several Pub-

lick Offices therein mentioned to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the

fame; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conduct-

ing and managing the Business transaded in the said Offices*

* XT 7 HEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

* VV intituled. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites^

4 and Emoluments> which arey or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to

4 examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame; and to report such Observations at shall occur to them9

4 for the better conducing and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices : And whereas it is highly

4 expedient, for the Publick Service, that such Enquiry should continue to be made respecting the Expences

4 in the different Offices and Departments of his Majesty’s Government herein after mentioned, and the Fees,.

* Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received and taken therein, with a View to such Regulations as

4 shall be judged expedient and proper for the Corredion of Abuses which may have arisen, and to

4 efted such Savings as may be made in each; that is to say. The Offices and Departments under the Ma-

4 nagement of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the Office

4 of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, the Master Gene-

4 ral, the Lieutenant General? the Surveyor General, and Officers com poling the Board of Ordnance, the

4 Pay master General of his Majesty’s Forces, his Majesty’s Secretary at War, the Treasurer of his Ma-

4 lefty’s Navy, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, the Commissioners for vidualling his Majesty’s

* Navy, the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, the Commissioners of the

4 Excise in England and Scotland respectively, the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, the Commis-

* fiooers for Taxes, the Commissioners for Stamps, the Commissioners for Salt Duties, the Postmaster

4 General, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, the Auditors of the Land Revenue, the Surveyor

c General of Woods and Forests, the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches, and the Commissioners for.

4 Hawkers and Pedlars:’ Be it enacted, He.

44 Lords of the Treasury, He. to lay Returns of Fees, He. taken in their respective Departments, before

44 Sir John Dick Baronet, and William Mollefon Esquire, Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, together

44 with Francis Baring Esquire, who are constituted Commissioners for making the Enquiries intended by

44 this Act. Commissioners may take Examinations on Oath ; and may fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-

44 cords. Commissioners to be sworn. On Death, He, of a Commissioner, his Majesty may appoint a

44 Successor”

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and (late the Publick Accounts;

of the Kingdom.

44 20 Geo. 3, cap. 54; 21 Geo. 3, cap. 45 ; 22 Geo. 3, cap. 50 ; 23 Geo. 3, cap. 68 ; 24 Geo. 3, cap. 13 ;.

H and 25 Geo, 3, cap. 68,. to continue in force after July 22, 1786. No Commissioner to hold a Civil 4

44 Office of Profit during Pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the Commissioners to be sworn before

44 the Chancellor of the Exchequer, He. The said three Commissioners to administer the Oath to the rest.

44 Lords of the Treasury may pay zoooo /. to the Order of the Commissioners. Executors of Accountants

44 to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders. This Act to be in force for one Year, from Juh_

^22, 17*6,”

GAP..

.

• *3.5

Limitation of

Actions.

General IHuet

Treble Cofli.

Preamble^,

