36

If any Mark* fl*

such Go >d‘ (ha I

beH» faced, wifrh

the Pririty of

the Matter and

Mate, they shall

forfeit 200 I.

each.

Matter of every

Vessel up porting

furh Goods to

make Entry, up-

on Oa’h, of her

Burthm, Lading,

Arc. before the

Chief Officer at

the Port of Im-

portation j

13 A 14 Car. %.

c. 11.

and deliver his

Manifest to him,

on Penalty of

aco 1.

Penalty on the

M jfter if the.

Good* reported

flv.H not /{tree

*nth the Mani-

fest, Ac,

Ceitarn Cafes in

which the Pe-

naltie* OnII not

be intuited.

Penalty on Mar-

ten pemuurg

Coed* to be

tftoA n o\tr»

«o«id} At. after

C. 40. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Places as shall from Time to Time be allowed for that Purpose, by special Sufferance and Leave from the

Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and under the Authority of an Order from the proper

Landing Waiters, and likewise in the Presence of such superior Officer or Officers as the said Com-

missioners of the Customs, in England and Scotland respectively, shall appoint to fee such Packages

opened.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Marks or Seals which shall

have been put upon any of the Packages as before directed, shall be altered, defaced, or broken, by the

Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on board of which

such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or by any of the Crew* or shall be committed by any other

Person, with the Privity or Consent of the said Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand of such Ship or Vessel, every such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

mand of such Ship or Vessel; and also the Mate, or such Person as shall be next in Command to such

Master or other Person having the Charge and Command as aforesaid, shall, for each and every Offence

lb committed, forfeit two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, in which such Goods shall be so imported or brought

as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, within twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at

such Places respectively as shall hereafter be fixed upon and appointed for that Purpose by the Commiflfon-

ers of the Ctistoms, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of the Customs,

or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, make Entry, upon .Oath, of tb£ Built,

Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers, and Contents

of every Parcel of Goods then laden on board such Ship or Vessel, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief,

and do and perform every At\ and Thing in relation thereto, before the Customer, Colledfor, or other Chief

Officer of the Customs of the said Port, openly in the Custom-house at the fame Port, in the Manner di-

rected and required by an Act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Alwfes in his Majesfo's

Cujioms, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture cf one hundred Pounds ; and the said Master or other Person

(hiil), at the Time he so makes his Report or Entry of his Ship upon Oath at the Custom house as aforesaid,

deliver to the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the said Port, the Manifest or Manifests,

or Content or Contents, in Writing, as before directed to accompany their respective Cargoes, and to be

on board every Ship or Vessel in which Goods shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Bri-

tain \ and if the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship

of Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such A'lanifeft or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing,

as aforesaid, to the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Time he so makes his Re-

port or Entry of his Ship upon Oath at the Custom-house as aforesaid, every such Matter or other Person

so having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and Sole the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Package whatever, which shall

have been reported by the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship

or Vessel in Manner herein before directed, shall be wanting, and not found on board such Ship or Vessel,

in Conformity to Fuch Report; or if the Goods reported shall not agree with the Manifest or Manifests*

Content or Contents ; or if either the Report or Manifest or Manifests shall not agree with the Cargo found

on board of such Vessel or Vessels; then and in every such Cafe, the Master, or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred

Pounds: Provided nevertheless, That in case any Goods shall be imported without such Manifest or Mani-

fefts, or Content or Contents, in Writing, as herein before is directed; or in case the Manifest or Mani-

fefts, or Content or Contents, accompanying the Goods, shall not agree with the Report, or shall be de-

faced or incorrect, or shall not agree with the Goods on board, and it shall be made lo appear, to the

Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that the Cargo imported was wholly taken on board in

foreign Parts, naming the particular Places where it was taken on board respectively, and that no Part of

the Cargo has been unshipped since it was taken on board, and that the Manifest or Content has been loft

or mislaid without Fraud or Collusion, or that the fame was defaced by Accident, or incorre# by Mistake

in such Cafe, the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before inflicted shall not be incurred : Provided allb, 'I'hat

in case any Goods shall, from urgent Necessity, be taken on board of any Ship or Vessel in any foreign

Port or Place for Great Britain, after such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, as required by

this Act, shall have been attested in Manner herein before directed, the Master, or other Person having or \

taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall make out, or cause to be made out, and shall

sign a separate Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, of all such Goods as shall be so taken on

board ; which Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, shall be fobject to all and every Provision in

this Act contained, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or

Contents, so attested as aforesaid, are subjected; and in such Cafe, the Penalties and Forfeitures herein be-

fore inflicted, with respect to Goods imported without a Manifest or Content, shall not be incurred, if the

urgent Necessity of so taking such Goo'ds on board shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the Co.n-

nullicnersof the Customs in England*nd Scotland respectively.

Xlil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods so taken on board any

Ship or Vessel in any foreign Port or Place, shall, after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits

of any Port of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or after the fkft Production of

die Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, to the Officers of the Customs, in Manner herein before

6 * directed

t^oooole

