A. D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georg 11 III. C. 101.

son shall vote at any such Election, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, his Vote shall be

deemed null and void, and he shall forfeit to any Person who shall sue for the fime, the Sum of twenty

Pounds, to be recovered by him or her, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

tVejhninster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Impailance shall be admitted or

allowed ; and in every such Action the Proof of Inhabitancy, as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Person against

whom the fame shall be brought: Provided nevertheless. That such Action be commenced within fix Ca-

lendar Months after the Cause of Action accrued : Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person acquiring the Possession of any House, in any City or Bo-

rough, by Descent, Devise, Marriage, or Marriage Settlement, or Promotion to any Oince or Benefice.

II. Provided also, and be it further etiafted, That this Act shall relate only to those Persons who claim

to exercise the Franchise of voting as Inhabitants paying Scot and Lot, or as Inhabitants Householders,

Housekeepers, and Pot-wallers, legally settled, or as Inhabitants Householders, Housekccpers, and Pot-

wallers, or as Inhabitants Householders Refiants, or as Inhabitants within such Cities or Boroughs, and shall

not extend to any other Description of Persons who may claim to vote at any Election for Members to serve

in Parliament for such Cities or Boroughs, by any other Title, or by any other superadded Qualification.

CAP. CI.

An Act for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

* TT7 H E RE A S it would conduce greatly to the Security of Navigation and the Fisheries, if four

c VV Light-houses were erected in the Northern Parts of Great Britain ; one at KinnaircTs Head, in the

4 County of Aberdeen ; one on the I (land of North Raniijha, in the Orkneys ; one on the Point of Scalpa, in

4 the Island of Herries; and a fourth on the Alull of Kintyre: May it therefore please your Majesty that it

4 may be enacted and be it enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prolcnt Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Advocate and Solicitor Ge-

neral for Scotland; the Lord Provost, and eldest Bailie of Edinburgh ; the Lord Provod, and elded Bailie of

Ghij\ow, the Provods of Aberdeen, Inverness, and Campbeltown \ the Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of

Edinburgh, Lanark, Renfrew, Bute, Argyle, Inver nefs, Rosi, Orkney, Cult briefs, and Aberdeen, for the Time

being, or any five of them, which Number is hereby declared to be a Quorum, who are hereby appointed

Commissioners or Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, to contract and agree with the Owners or

Proprietors of Lands, lying and situated at the Places aforesaid, and most convenient for erecting the ffid

Light-houses, for so much Land as may be necessary for that Purpose, and shall pay such Rate and Confi-

deration for the fame, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners or Trustees, and the Owners or

Proprietors of such Lands, either by absolute Putchale,or by Payment of a Rent, or certain annual Sum for

the fame.

4 II. And whereas it may happen that some of the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Land,

* which may be necelPry for erecting the said Light-houses, may infill upon too high Prices or Rents for

4 the fame, or through Infancy, Minority, Defect of the Title Deeds, Incumbrances, Debts, or other Difabi-

4 litics orCaufes, it may be difficult to obtain valid and legal Rights to some of the Properties necessary to be

4 used for these Purposes;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owners

or Occupiers of any Lands or Heritages shall be under any of the CircumiUnces before described, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners or 'Trustees, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to apply

to the Sheriff Depute of the County where such Lands and Heritages shall respectively lie, who, upon such Ap-

plication, is hereby impowered and required to order a Visitation and Inspectien of such Lands and Heritages,

and to call before him the respective Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers thereof, or the Trustees, T utors,

or Curators, or others having the Charge and Administration of the Affairs of such Owners, Proprietors,

or Occupiers, requiring them, within a limited Time, to shew Cause why such Lands and Heritages may

not be alienated, granted, or leased for the Purposes aforesaid ; and thereupon the said Sheriff shall proceed to

hear the said Parties, and to pronour.ee Sentence upon the said Matter as shall be reasonable and just : Pro-

vided always, That if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence of the

said Sheriff, that it shall and may be lawful to such Person or Persons to apply, by Petition, to the Lords of

Council and Session to have such Sentence reviewed, altered, or amended, and the Lords of Session are

hereby impowered and required to* proceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the Course of

any Roll: Provided always- That such Application be made to the Lords of Session within twenty-one Days

after the Date of the Sheriff's sentence, if the Court be then lilting, or within lix Days after the Meeting of

the said Court.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Trial it shall appear to the said Sheriff,

that the fame may be alienated, granted, or leased, without Hurt or Prejudice of the said Owners, Proprietors,

or Occupiers, and shall be lb found and declared, then, for ascertaining the Value or Consideration, or Rent

to be paid for the said Lands and Heritages, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sheriff, and he is

hereby impowered and required, after the elapling of the said Space in which the Persons who may think

themselves aggrieved are allowed,to apply to the Court of Session for Redrels aforesaid; or in cale of any

such Application, after a Decree of ;he laid Lords shall be extracted thereupon, to summon and impannel a

competent Number of discreet, substantial, and difinterdled Persons of the County in which the Lands are

situated, not leis than twenty, nor more than forty, and out of such Persons so summoned aiu returned, to

7 name

207

but not *0 ex-

tend to Person*

acquiring Hof-

felhon by De-

Icer', &c.

nor to Person*

ri.iminga Right

to vote under

any other De-

scription than

Inhabitants pay*

ing Scot and

hot, dec.

Preamble.

Any five of the

Coonmillioners

hereby appoint-

ed may agree for

Lands for ereA-

ing Light-houses

in the Northern

Part* of Great

Britain,

Sh-rifFr Depute

to orcicr Inflec-

tion of Lands

where Distrr-

e ces arise re-

lative to Pme,

dec.

Appeal may be

mov-d tr in the

Sheriff to the

Lora:' of Session.

Sheriffs to sum-

mon Jo riec to

decer;r.ine the

Value ol Land!.

by

