54

Vellum. Sec. to

be damped be-

fore written on.

ComrT iflloners

to rurniihStampt

Vellum, See. f

be re.idy for such

as may call for

st.

Usual Allow-

ance to be made

on prempt Pay-

ment.

Persont using

undamped Vel-

lum, Sec. or

bumps of too

low a V-lne,

forfeit 101.

and, if in a

Pul lit k Office,

forfeit their Em-

ployment.

Attorneys, Sec•

committing such*

Fraud* to be dif-

abOd from

practising.

Penally of rol.

on every Depo-

fi'ion, &c. so

illegally made

out, wh ch it

invalid till the

Duty and Pe-

nally be paid.

Commissionen

ma? appomf In-

fp-A >ra *-f he

Paper. used in

Cou'ts, ai d the

Judge* »te to

afTi l in f-turing

th: Duties.

C. 4-8. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or

the major Fart of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vel-

lum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable

to the Duties by this Act imposed, {hall, before the la ne shah be engrossed, printed, or written upon, be

brought to the Head Office for {lamping or marking Ve.ium, Parchment, or Paper; and the said Commis-

sioners, by themselves, or by their Orficers employed under them, Hull forthwith, upon Demand to them

made by any Person or Per foils, from Time to Time, {lamp or mark, as by this Act is directed, any

Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as {hall be brought to them for that Purpose, the

Person so bringing the fame paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or

his Deputy or Clerk,' the several Duties payable for the fame by virtue of t;.is Act; and in Default of dif-

fident Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper being brot gnt to the He.id Office to be {lamped as

aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby required to take clpecui Caie that the several Parts of that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland {hall, from l ime to Time, be fuificiently fumilhed with Vellum, Parch-

ment, and Paper, damped and marked as aforesaiJ, so as the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

cessors, may have it in their Election to buy the fame of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said

Commissioners, at the usual or mod common Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, to be damped at the Head Office of Stamps as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the fame Allowance shall be made on pre-

sent Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to

damped Veilum, Parchment, or Paper, is directed and allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall engrofe,

print, or write, or cause to be engroded, printed, or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any

of the Matters or Things for which the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, ought to have a Mark or Stamp

as aforesaid, before such Time as the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, dial! be marked or damped as

aforesaid, or find engross, print, or write, or cause to be eng rolled, printed, or written, any such Matter

or Thing, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shal! bz marked or damped, for any lower Duty

than the Duty by this Act payable for what dull be so engroltd, printed, or written, every such Person so

offending {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered

and applied as herein after is directed ; and in case any Extractor, Clerk, Officer, or Person, who, in respect

of any Publick Olnce or Employment, is or shall be intitled or entrulled to make, engross, print, or write

any Deposition, Extract, or other Writing by this Act charged to pay a Duty as aforesaid, shall be guilty

of any Fraud or Practice to deceive his Majesty, his Heirs or Succellbrs, of any Duty by this Act payable,

by making, engrossing, printing, or writing any such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, or causing the

fame to be made, engrossed, printed, or written, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, mark’d or damped with

any Mark or Stamp, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or by engrolfing, printing, or writing the lame

upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that {hall be marked or damped for a lower Duty as aforesaid, then

every such Extraclor, Clerk, Officer, or Person, so guilty of any such Fraud or Practice, and being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall (over and above the Penalty aforesaid) forfeit his Office, Place, or Employment

respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and if any Attorney, Conveyancer,

Agent, Writer to the Signet, Writer, Solicitor, or Procurator, belonging to any of the.Courts aforesaid,

'{hall be guilty of any such Fraud or Practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he {hall (over and above

the Penalty aforesaid) be disabled for the future to practise as an Attorney, Conveyancer, Agent, Writer

to the Signet, Writer, Solicitor, or Procurator, respectively ; and if any Deposition, Extract, or other

Writing, by this Act charged with the Payment of a Duty as aforesaid, {nail, contrary to the true Intent

and Meaning thereof, be engrossed, printed, or written, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, not marked or {tamped according to this Act, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Pa-

per, marked or {tamped for a lower Duty as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Cafe, there shall be due,

answered, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duty aforesaid, for every

such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling; and no such Deposition,

Extract, or other Writing, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, or admitted

in any Court in Great Britain to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, until as well the said Duty,

as the said Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, shall be first paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

and a Receipt produced for the fame, under the Hand or Hands of some of the Officers who shall be ap-

pointed to receive the Duties above mentioned, and until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such

Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be marked or Ramped

with a lawful Mark or Stamp, according to this Act; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby en-

joined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty, and the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, unto

him or them, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or Ramp the said Vellum, Parchment, or Pa-

per, with the proper Mark or Stamp accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Duties on

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, from Time to Time, shall and may appoint a nt Person to attend in any

Couit or Office, to take Notice of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any the Matters or

Things aforesaid shall be engrossed, printed, or written, and of the Marks or Stamps thereon, and of all

other Matters and Things tending to iecure the said Duties ; and that the Judges in the several Courts afore-

said, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the RequeR of such Commissioners, or of any

two or more of them, shall make such Orders in the respective Courts, and do such other Matters and

Things

.

)og!e

