4-02 C. 6. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III, A.D. 1788.

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships, owned by his

Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to export from any of

the Weft /W/^Jflands to any Port or Place within the T erritories belonging to the said United States,

any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, which are not now by Law prohibited to be exported from-the

laid Islands to any foreign Country or Place in Europe \ and also Sugar, Melatfcs, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts,

Ginger, and Pimento: And that all Cocoa Nuts or Ginger which shall be so exported, shall be subject and

liable to the fame Duties to which the; t'an^e are now severally subject and liable if exported to any British

Colony or Plantation in America; , and'th*t#thfc laid Duties shall be raised^ levied, collected, paid, recovered,

and applied, in the same Manner as the Ditties on Cocoa Nuts or Ginger exported to any British Colony

or Plantation in America are Severally raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied: Provided

always, That no Sugar, Melasses^ Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Ginger, or Pimentp, nor any Other Artists Orf

Commodities whatsoever (except Salt from tire I Hands called Turk's Islandt^ being Part of the Bd/Jamd* *

Islands), shall be so exported, except by British Subjects, and in Z?r/7//ft-built Ships, owii^d.by his Majesty’s

Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the like Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of the

Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be so exported, together with her Guns, Furniture^ Ammunitionj

Tackle, and Apparel. ' . , '

Where Bonds

are required on

Exportation of

Goods to a Bri-

tish Colony in

America, ike

Bonds to be

giv^n on their

Exportati' n to

the United

States.

How such Bondi

Bull be dif-

charged.

Vessel 1 coming

in Balia ft from

the Unite^

States, may be

Jaden at Turk*

Iftandf, with

Salt.

Master of such

Vefiel, on its

Arrival, to

make Entry

thereof ;

and to answer

uprn Oath such

Questi* ns as

lh4l be demand-

ed of him, on

Penalty of

icol.

Collector aotho-

rifed to adminif-

ter Oaths.

A Doty of 21.

6 d. to be paid

for every Ton

Burthen of Vef-

fels of the

United Statet

coming to

Turk* Islands.

How the Ton-

nage is to be

afeeruined.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe where, on Exportation of

any Goods or Commodities to any British Colony or Plantation in America, a Bond is now or may be

hereafter required by Law for the due landing of such Goods or Commodities in such Colony or Plantation,

and a Certificate is required to d.scharge such Bond, a similar Bond shall be required, on Exportation of

such Goods or Commodities to the Territories of the United States, for the due landing.the fame in the said

Territories; and such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of

the British Consul or Vice Consul, provided any such Consul or Vice Consul shall bfc*resident at the;Port <jr

Place where such Goods shall be landed; or in case there shall not be any such Consul or Vicft Consul so te-

fident, then under the Hand and Seal bf any Officer or Officers who are or may be appointed by the said

United States, or any of them, for the Purpose of granting such Certificate; and if it shall happen that there

shall not be any Officer so appointed, then and in such Cafe, such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon

a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate of the said United St3te$, or any of them, certify-

ing that there is no such Officer at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed, and that Oath hath

been made before such Magistrate by the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such

Ship or Vessel, that the Goods for which such Certificate is required were duly landed by him at such Port

or Place within the Territories belonging to the said United States*

V. And whereas it is expedient to give due Encouragement to the making of Sa^t in the said Islands

c called Turk's Islands ;’ be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the said United States of America coming in

Ballast, and not otherwise, to enter the Ports of the said Islands, called Turk's IJJandsy for the Purpose of

being there laden with Salt, and for no other Purpose whatever; under and subject to the Provisions, Re-

gulations, and Restrictions herein-after mentioned; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom

to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, T hat the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such

Ship or Vessel, shall, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Veil'd into any Port of the said Islands,

make a just and true Entry, upon Oath, before the Collector, or other principal Officer, of such Port, of

his Ship or Vessel, declaring of what Country (he is built, how manned, who was the Master during the

Voyage, and who are the Owners thereof, and the Purpose for which he enters the said Port, in order that

such bhip or Vessel may undergo the Search and Examination of the proper Officers of his Majesty’s Cuf-

toms; and such Master, or other Person taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall truly answer upon

Oath to such Questions touching and concerning the fame, ?: shall be demanded of him by such Colleftof

or other principal Officer, upon Pain, for any Default therein, that such Master or other Person having or

taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and

the Collector, or other principal Officer of his Majesty’s Customs at such Port, is hereby authorised and re-

quired to administer the said Oaths herein-before required to be taken.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the

Rate of two Shillings and six Pence Sterling, payable in Dollars at the Rate of five Shillings and six Pence

per Ounce, for each and every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the

said United States of America, so coming to the said Islands called Turk's Islands; and that the Tonnage of

every such Ship or Vessel shall'be ascertained by Admeasurement, made by such Officer or Officers as lha&

be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England for the Time being,

or any four or more of them; which said Officer or Officers so appointed as aforesaid shall admeasure such

Ship or Vessel according to the following Method; videlicet, Drop a Plumb Line over the Stern of the

Ship, and measure the Distance between such Line and the After-part of the Stern-post at the Load Water

Mark; then measure from the Top of the said Plumb Line, in a parallel Direction with the Water, to a

perpendicular Point immediately over the Load Water Mark at the Fore-part of the Main Stem; sub-

traciing from such Measurement the above Distance, the Remainder will be the Ship’s extreme Length,

from which is to be deducted three Inches for every Foot of the Load Draught of Water for the Rake

abaft.

’ by

