34»

I

I

I

I

i

- I

I

1]

s

i/

I

\

f

A

i

t

C. 14—-19.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1787.

CAP. XIV.

\

An Act for paying, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and

Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof; and also several Streets and

other Places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Ob-

struftions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XV.

An Act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River Trento from Gainsborough, in the County

of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for refraining the Negotiation of Promijfory"Notes and

Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Preamble. c \\T HEREAS an Act was made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,

15 Geo. 3.C. 51. V V An Act to refrain the Negotiation- cf Promissory Notes and inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited

4 Sumy within that Part p/'Great Britain called England), which was to continue in force only for the Term

4 pi five Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas another AS

17 Geo. 3, c. 30. was niade in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act forfurther re

4 framing the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that

‘ Part of Great Britain called England); by which the said Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his said nre-

4 lent Majesty’s Reign, and also the last-mentioned Act, were continued in force, not only for the Residue

4 of the Term of five Years in the said first recited Act mentioned, and from thence to the End of the then

4 next Session of Parliament, and also for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the

4 then next Session- of Parliament: And whereas the fuid Acts, which have been found to be useful and bene-

4 ficial, are near expiring, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be made perpetualBe it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by" and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ahem bled, and by the Authority of the feme.

Recited Afls That the said recited Acts, passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, fliaU.

made perpetual, be, and are hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XVII.-

An Act for rebuilding the Chapel oi East Stonehoifey in the County of Devon.

V

’i

CAP. XVIII*

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intitule^, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justictity

and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Inti-

Pream le. c y, tuled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Ju/iiciary, and Circuit Courts, in Scot-

*3 Geo, 3.C.45. « land: And whereas the said Act hath by Experience been found to be useful and beneficial, and is near

4 expiring: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

Recited A& and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said re-

fcude perpetual, cited Act, and all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be, and the.fame is hereby

made perpetual.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enforce and render more effectual several Acts passed in rhe twelfth Year of

' the Reign of King Charles the Second* and other Acts made for the Increase and En-

couragement of Shipping and Navigation.

preamble, re- c \\7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

citing 26 Geo. 3. tided. An Act for the further Inch case and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation^ it is

c.6o. 4 enacted, That the Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects residing in the Kingdom of Ire*

4 land, being duly qualified and registered according to the Laws now in force, shall continue to enjoy ail

the Privileges and Advantages to which such Ships and Vessels were by Law intituled before the passing of

4 4iis

t^oooole

