A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii nr. c. 54. 5(5

direct the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Matter, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be paid to an<1 Conifi-

the Surgeon of such Ship or Vefiel. ' , StK

tality has not been greater than in the Proportion of 3 in the io«$ on the Production of which, the Matter to be paid 50I. and the Surgeon 2 5L

XV. c And whereas Cafes may occur in which it may be just and warrantable that CQmpensation should Com mi ill oners

c be mnde to Individuals who may sustain Loses in consequence of this Act;’ be it further enacted, That Lo^t

Brook Wotfin Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, and William RoeYXquire, mall be, and they are hereby Ln•

appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of enquiring into any Loiies which may be sustained, in conic- fcquenco of this

quence of this Act, by any Merchants or Owners of any Ships or Vessels engaged in the African Trade, Ad, q I’crfon*

who shall make Application to the said Commissioners before the firtt Day of September next ensuing; and th«napply

that all Persons making such Application shall, as soon as they are enabled so to do, lay before the said ept* I#

Commissioners full Statements of the Grounds of their respective Claims, speccifying the Particulars of all person» h apply -

the Expences, net Proceeds, Profits, or Lottes attending the Voyage or Adventure, in respect of which ing ro lay beforw

such Application shall be made, together with all such Circumstances as shall appear to the said Commissioneis the Commission-

‘necessary for their Information, in order to ascertain the Lottes of the Persons so applying ; and the saul ,h* 9f|°Vnd#

Commissioners shall have Power to examine upon Oath, touching the Matters of the said Claims, all Per-

fons whom the said Commissioners shall think fit; and all Persons are hereby directed and required punctually miy examine

to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; and the said Commissioners, upon Oath ;

as soon as they shall have completed the Examination of the several Claims laid before them, shall determine arc to determine

the Amount of the Lottes which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said Claimants in consequence ^e^ma0“”lr^

of this Act, and which the said Claimants shall not have been able to avoid, and shall report as soon as con- porteto p«riiaV

veniently may be, to both Houses of Parliament, what Compensation shall appear to the said Commissioners ment whatCom-

to be reasonable to be made to such Claimants: And the said Commissioners, before they proceed to take pension should

any Step in pursuance of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, ™ade lhc

or one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or one of.the Barons of the

Exchequer, which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer, in the Form foL to

lowing 3 that is to say, lowing

44 J A\ B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully and impar- Oath.

44 tially execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to regu-

44 late, for a liiruted Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in Britishi Vessels from the Coajl of Africa/’

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord Treasury to or-

High Treasurer for the Time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid dir *°oot. to be

all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Com- ofclerks

missioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Public Monies r

remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer; which Sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of

Clerks, Meflcngers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Exe-

cution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by

the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf; the fame to be accounted

for by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be issued and paid according to the Course of his Ma-

jesty’s Exchequer, without any Fee, or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment

of the fame, or on the patting of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners shall

appoint; and which Money so issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatfo-

cverj imposed by Authority of Parliament.

XVII- And b6 it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, His Wajeflymay

by Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners during the Recefe of Parliament, appoint to v*.

it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think C4*^of

proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall ™c^iof,OS

be held and considered to be invested with all the fame Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed Ptriiameot.

by this Act.

XVI1L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach HowOffencei

or Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England b« tried,

wherein such Offence shall have been committed; or in case such Offence shall have been committed in

Parts beyorld the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which fuchJOffence shall have

been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture in- how PtnoU

flifted by this Act may be prosecuted.sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; tie* may be fort

and in every such Action or Suit, the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff*or De- jJ^bJc Coft9

fendant) shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time with- Limitation of

in three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwardsj and every such Action shall be carried on AGiom.

without wilful Delay.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person taking any Oath by Persons cook

this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall fitting, or fab*

unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, °rnln8 ^ber*

whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains ju^to^Kabl*

and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation to the Peooltiea

of Perjury. inffided by Law

XX. And

