A. -B. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. G. 26. * 355

bcfo»t*ccited A61 t<>-bctept by the several Persons who let outHorfes to Hire for travelling Post, or by Time,

in such Manner as they {hall judge most convenient for keeping the said Accounts; and they shall also be at

Liberty, by any Indorsement, or on the Face of the Tickets or Certificates to be delivered by them to the

several licensed Persons, to add the Name or Number of the Distridt which they shall so farm •, and that any

Person forging or counterfeiting the said Tickets, or aiding or assisting therein, or uttering or publishing as

true any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticket, Note, or Certificate, with ah Intent to defraud the said

Farmer or Farmers of any of die laid Rates or Duties, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be

recovered and applied as other pecuniary Penalties are by the said herein-before recited Act directed to be re-

covered and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures,

and all other Diredtior.s, Matters, ai# Things, pveferibed or appointed by the said herein-before recited Act,

with relation to the said Rates and Duties, or to the Persons appointed or to be appointed to collect the fame,

and not hereby altered, shall be in full Force and Effect, and carried into Execution by die Person or Persons

farming the fame, and appointed Collectors thereof by the said Commissioners of Stamps as aforesaid, as

folly, to all Intents and Purposes,as if the fame, and every of them, had severally been re-enacted in this Act;

and the said Persons so farming the said Rates and Duties shall have all and every the like Remedies for the

Recovery of the Money payable for, or which shall have arisen from, the said Rates and Duties, within their

respective Distridts, DivifionS'or Collcdlions, so farmed by them as aforesaid, as the Collectors appointed

by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, now are entitled

to have. -

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Securities, pBonds, or Obligations, taken by the Person or Per-

fons farming the said Rates and Duties, from such Postmastersj Innkeepers, or other licensed Persons under

this or the said recited Act, shall be taken in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall

and may be sued and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty. his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Con-

tent of his Majesty’s Attorney General in England, or Advocate General in Scotland-f and all Actions,

Suits, or Informations, sued or prosecuted for any Penalty forfeited by virtue of this or the said recited Act,

{hall and may be sued and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in the Name

of his Majesty’s said Attorney General, or Advocate General, respectively, or by any Person who shall prose-

cuteor sue for the same, in the Manner in the said recited Act directed: Provided, That all Actions, Suits,

or Informations, sued or prosecuted in the Name of any such Farmer or Farmers, shall be held and deemed

to be popular Actions, Suits, or Informations, respectively^ to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any Person

or Persons farming the said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, to have and use the like Remedies for the Recovery

thereof, against the Persons appointed to receive the same, by Extent or otherwise, which may be had or used

lor any Duties payable directly to the King’s Majesty*

thereof at for Duties payable

XIII. And, in order to prevent Disputes concerning the said herein-before recited Duties, in Cafes where

the fame may be collected in one District, Division, or Collection, and the Tickets may be delivered in a

different District, Division, or Collection, be it further enacted. That the said Duties shall belong, and the

Tickets issued thereupon shall be returned and accounted for to the Person or Persons refoedlively who shall he

the Farmer or Fanners of the several Duties arising within the District, Division, or Collection where such

Tickets shall have issued, and where the Postmasters, Innkeepers, or other licensed Persons issuing the fame

shall reside; and the Gatekeepers at whose Gates such Ticket shall be delivered, shall return the fame to the

Farmer of the Rates and Duties from whose District such Ticket shall have issued, at the Time and in the

Manner the fame are directed to be returned to the several Collectors by the said recited Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other

Perton so licensed as aforesaid, residing in the City of London or Liberty of IVtjlminster, or within five Miles

of the Head Office for Stamps, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall bring in and deliver to the Farmer or

Farmers so appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Duties, the Accounts directed by the said

recited Act to be delivered, and shall pay at such Place in London or Jf^ejlmin/ltr, and at such Times, as

shall be appointed by publick Notice in the London Gazette, by Order of the Commissioners for managing

the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, the Money due on such Accounts ; and all and every

licensed Person, not residing within five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, nor within the Bills of Mor-

tality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the Licence granted to him, her,

at them, and afterwards at the Foot of every Receipt given by the Collector for the Money paid on Account

of the said Duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his Accounts, and pay the Duty received by him, her,

or them, to the Person so appointed Collector thereof, under the Penalty in the said herein-before recited A61

directed Provided always. That no such licensed Person shall be compelled to travel, for the Payment of the

said Duties, farther than to the Market Town nearest to his or her Habitation.

XV. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons farming the said Rates and Duties, and ap-

pointed Collectors thereof, shall, in pursuance of such Appointment, be disqualified from voting at any

jEledtion or Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof not-

with (landing.

XVI. Provided always. That no Contract for letting the Duties herein mentioned to Farm, shall be

made with any Person or Persons licensed to let Horses for the Purpose of travelling Pod, nor to any one for

his or their Ule, or on his or their Behalf, or so as that he or they shall have any interest therein, or Benefit

♦herefrom, but that the fame (if so made) shall be utterly null and void ; and that if any such Contract shall

be assigned to any Person or Persons as aforesaid, or to any other Person or Persons for his or their Use, so

zj Geo. III. 3 A that

recited Act of

H^r'es let to

Hire, tr. and

Perft ns frauriu.

lenily forging

their Conift.

cates, forfeit

50 r

Powers of the

recited Act, noj

hereby altered,

to continue in

the Persans

farming the Du-

ties.

Bonds from Ion-

keepers. Sec. to

be taken in the

Name of hit

Majesty, See.

Persons fkrfluog

the Duties to

hare the fame

Remedies for

Recovery

to his Majesty#

Duties to belong

10 the District

from whence

the Tickets are

issued.

Innkeepers, See.

within five

Milts of the

Head Office for

Stamp?, or

svitlvn the Bills

of Mortality, to

deliver to the

Farmers of the

Duties the Ac*

Counts required

by the recited

Act, dfc.j

but not to be

compelled to

travel further

than the nearest

Market Town.

Farmers of the

Duties may vote

for Members of

Parliament.

Duties not to be

farmed by any

Person licensed

lo let HoxfeJ.

