84 C. 56, 57. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III, A.D. 1786.

41 to the Justices, and produce the Accounts of the Expences of tl\e Poor, (Ac. Overseers to take Copies

44 of the Accounts of preceding Overseers, who are liable to a Penalty for refusing to produce them. Per-

44 Tons making false Returns, to forfeit col. Fees to be allowed for each Return; viz. To the Clerk of the

44 Peace, is. Hign Constable, is. 6a. Overseers, is. Justices Clerks, is. Penalties to be recovered

44 by Distress, and one Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other applied in Aid of the Rates. Persons

44 making false Oaths liable to the Penalties of corrupt Perjury.”

QUESTIONS in the SCHEDULE, to which Answers are to be returned by the

Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, and Place, in Writing, upon Oath,

and signed by them; for which Purpose the said Overseers are to attend the Justices of

the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at such Times and Places as they shall

appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Default or Negleift, a Sum not exceeding

• ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

Qucjlion 1 ft. What Money was raised by AfiefTments, for the Relief of the Poor, in the respeflive Years

ending at Eajier 17S3, 1784, and 1785?

2d. What Number of Poor received constant, and what Number occasional Relief, during each of the

said three Years, as near as you can ascertain the fame

3d. How much was paid out of the said Money, in each of the said three Years, for Expences of Over-

seers in Journies and Attendances on Magistrates and others; and how much for Entertainments at

Meetings of the Inhabitants, on Affairs relative to the Poor?

4th. What Payments were made out of the said Money for Law Business, and for Orders, Examinations,

Certificates, and other Proceedings reipecf ing the Poor, in each of the said three Years

5th. Hqw much of the Money collected under these Aflcllments was applied for the Payment of County

Rates, or any other, and what, Purposes, that did not concern the Poor

'6th. How much of the Money so raised has been expended in providing Materials and Utensils for setting

the Poor to Work?

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences

committed in the East Indies', for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, yin AB for the better Regu-

lation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the Britishi Possef-

Jions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more

I"rial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies), as requires the Servants

of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for

rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to the East

Indies; and for the more easy Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writings executed

in Great Britain or India.

Preamble. * \X 7 HEREAS, by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

Recital of A & * VV A A for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the

*4Gco. $.c. *5. 4 British PcJJessions in India j and for ejiabhjhino a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effctiual Trial

4 of Persons accused cf Offences committed in the East Indies, divers Provillons wcie made and enacted for the

4 more effectually prosecuting and bringing to speedy and condign Punishment the Crime of Extortion, and

4 other Misdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British Subjects, in the Service of his Majesty, or of

4 the said Company ; and particularly for constituting a Special Couit of Judicature for the Trial of any

4 Information, to be exhibited in his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, against such Offenders, under and

4 by virtue of a Commission, to be awarded under the Great Seal of Great Britainx directed to four Mem-*

4 bers of the House of Peers, fix Members of the House of Commons, and three of the Judges of his Ma-

4 jesty’s Courts of Law at Westminster, such Members and Judges to be selected and chosen in the Manner

4 prescribed by the said Act ; and the said Special Commissioners, to be so constituted by such Commission,

4 or any seven or more of them (of whom one of the said three judges was to be one), were, by the said Act*

4 invested with full Power and Authority to hear and determine every such Information, and to pronounce

' * Judgement thereon, according to the Effect of the Judgement at Common Law, upon Convictions had

4 and obtained according to the Course of the Common Law, for Extortion or other Misdemeanor: And

4 whereas the Selection of the Members of the said respective Houses of Parliament, for the Purposes afore-

4 said, maybe rendered more easy and convenient: And whereas it is judged expedient, that, instead of

4 seven, not less than ten Commissioners to be constituted by such Commission as aforesaid, should have

4 Authority to hear and determine any such Information, and, for that Purpose, that a greater Number of

4 Members of each House of Parliament, than is directed by the said Act, should, together with the said

4 three Judges, be named andauthorised as Commissioners in and by such Commission: And whereas it is

4 also

