A. D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 32.

ties. Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the

fame; any La\y> Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. 4 And whereas by an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An At1 for repeal*

4 Guer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives\ to the Redutiion of the National Debt; the Duties imposed upon

* Timber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, in lieu of the former Duties on those Articles thereby re-

4 pealed, are in many Instances increased : And whereas (landing Contrails may have been made before

4 the tenth Day of May one thousand leven hundred and eighty-seven, by the Importers or Proprietors of

4 Timber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, for serving Persons therewith respectively, to be delivered,

c in Point of Time, after the said tenth Day of May ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said-tenth Day of May, the Importers or Proprietors of such 'lumber, Staves, and

other Species of Wood, the Duties on which have been by the said Act increased respectively, and which shall

be delivered after the said tenth Day of May, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add to the

Prices respectively agreed for in such Contracts so much as the Duties charged by the said recited Act re-

spectively exceeded the Duties payable upon such Timber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, at and im-

mediately before the said tenth Day of May; and such Importers or Proprietors shall, by virtue of this Act,

be paid such Sum as the Duties so increased shall amount to.

XVII. 4 And whereas by the said Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, it is among other

4 Things enacted and declared. That the Importers or Proprietors of any Cambricks or French Lawns,

c which, before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall have been im-

4 ported into Great Britain for Exportation from any Part or Place in the European Dominions of the French

c King, and lodged according to Law in a Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which shall, on or be-

4 fore the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be lawfully so imported into

4 Great Britain for that Purpose, shall, after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 seven, be at Liberty to take and receive the same into their own Custody and Post'eflion, either for Sale

4 and Consumption in this Kingdom or otherwise, such Importers or Proprietors first making a regular

4 Entry of all such Cambricks or French Lawns with the proper Officer of the Customs, and paying such

4 Duty for the fame as Cambricks or French Lawns imported after the tenth Day of May one thousand (even

4 hundred and eighty-seven, are by the said Act made subject and liable to : And whereas it is jull that the

4 Duty paid or to be paid down according to Law, on warehousing such Cambricks or French Lawns,

4 shall be taken and deemed to be in Part of the Duty imposed by the said Act be it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid. That the Importers or Proprietors* of such Cambricks or French Lawns shall, on

taking the fame out of such Warehouse, in pursuance of the said Act, pay so much Money, and no more, by

way of Duty, as, together with the Sum paid down or to be paid down as aforesaid, on lodging the fame

in such Warehouse, mall respectively amount to the Duty imposed by the said Act upon Cambricks and

French Lawns imported respectively into Great Britain in pursuance of the said Act, after the tenth Day of

May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Cambricks or French Lawns shall

have been imported into Great Britain on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand (even hundred and

eightyJseven, for Exportation as aforesaid, but which shall not have been lodged as aforesaid in a W arehouse

for that Purpose on the said tenth Day of May, the Importers or Proprietors thereof shall have the fame

delivered to them either for Sale and Consumption in this Kingdom or otherwise, upon making a regular

Entry thereof with the proper Officer of the Customs, and paying such Duty for the fame as Cambricks or

French Lawns imported after the said tenth Day of May are by the said Act made subject and liable to re-

spectively.

XIX. 4 And whereas divers Persons may have incurred Penalties for Offences committed against the Laws

4 now in force, prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks or French Lawns into this Kingdom otherwise than

4 by Licence and for Exportation, and prohibiting the Wear or Use thereof in this Kingdom, by reason of

4 such Persons having had the fame in their Custody or Possession for Sale or otherwise be it therefore en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons whatever (other than such as arc now under

Prosecution for the fame) shall be prosecuted by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Action of Debt, for any

Penalty or Penalties incurred on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

seven, on account of having had in their Custody or Possession, for Sale or otherwise, any such Cambricks

or French Lawns, but that all Rich Penalties shall be wholly pardoned and relealed; any Law, Custom, or

Ulaee, to the contrary notwithstanding.

' XX. 4 And whereas by the said last before-recited Act it is amongst other Things enacted. That, from

c and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and singular the Subsidies,

4 Customs, Impositions, or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenue of Customs), and all and singular the

4 Duties of Excise, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successois, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Par-

4 liament in force, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into Great Britain, shall

4 cease and determine, save and except as therein is excepted; and that in lieu and inltead thereof, from

4 and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall be raised, levied,

4 collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation of any Goods,

4 Wares, or Merchandize, into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Parts beyond the Seas, the (<;-

4 veral Duties of Customs and Excise, as the fame are respectively inserted, described, and set forth

S C a

lit

373

account of

Seizure.

27 Geo. 3. C. 13

•recited.

From May 10.

17^7, the Dif-

ference between

the Duties on

Wood before and

after that Day,

may be added to

the Price of

Wood con trailed

for before, hut

not delivered till

after that Day*

French Cim-

bricks imporred

for Ezporration

before May io,

17S7, may be

taken out of h:s

Majesty *1 Ware-

houses, on Pay-

ment of the

Difference be-

tween the Sum

paid on their

being ware-

housed, and the

Duties imposed

by 17 Geo, 3.

c. 13.;

and such Cam-

bricki not bar*

ing been ware*

housed may be

delivered to the

Proprietors, on

their making

Entry thereof,

and paying ih«

said Duties.

No Persons, ex-

cept those under

Prosecution,

shall be prose*

cuted for having

had in their Pof-

session French

Cambricks for

Sale, prior to

May 10, 17S7,

