T HE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicefitno nono.

* AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini

* one thousand (even hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our

* X JL Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Groat Britain, France^ and

* Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

« And from thence continued, by several Prorogations and Adjournments, to the third Day of February

« one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine : being the sixth Session of the iixteenth Parliament of Great

€ Britain*’

CAP. I.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s

Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the

iame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the

Countries belonging to the said United States.

*c ix Geo. 3. Cap. 39. so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of

€t America j and 24 Geo. 3. Cap. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 179Q. Articles from any Place border-

M ing on the Baltic+ which may be exported from this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods im-

“ ported from the United States of America% and not permitted by Law, and aUo Goods imported from

u these States contrary to Law, to be forfeited. Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied as Forfeitures

* are directed by the Laws relating to the Customs. Act to continue in force till April 5,1790.”

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion -9 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty *s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IV.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts, of the sixteenth and

twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk-

CAP. V.

An Act for the Improvement of Manchrjler Square^ within the Parish of Saint Mary-U-hne% in the County

of ALddlfex.

CAP. VL

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year t)ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

LXXVIIL c AND whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-second Year of his

‘ Jl \ present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for enabling his Majfy to discharge the Debt

4 controlled upon hk Civil- Lift Revenues \ and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the future,

29 Geo. III. 3 Z 4 by

RrcraJ of

«i Geo. 3. c.fi.

v^.

