5*°

r© any Determi-

nation subse-

q jent to passing

this Act.

Rules &c. of

recited Acts to

be in force with

respetl to Com

nmtees appoint*

cJ under this

AS.

Regulations

touching Rerog-

nuances and

Payment of

Cofit not to »p-

ply to Petitions

relating solely to

Commirteei not

to be dissolved by

the Prorogation

cf Parliament.

Preamble.

9 A nose* c. *8.

<13. 52, 53. Anno vicesimo octavo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1788.

as is above recited shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, in so for only as the feme relates, or might be

construed to relate, to any such Determination to be made in the House of Commons subsequent to the pass-

ing of this Act.

XXXII. And be it enaSed, That all and every the Rules, Regulations, Authorities, and Powers, pre-

ferred or given by the above-recited Acts, or by this AS, to SeleS Committees for the Trial of contro-

verted Elections or Returns, shall be in full Force and Effect with respect to Seledt Committees appointed

by virtue of this Act for the Trial of such Question or Questions of Right as aforesaid, in as full ajid ample*

Manner as if the fame were herein repeated, and particularly and specially enacted, concerning such Sde£t

Committees: Provided always. That the several Rules and Regulations herein-before enacted, by which

certain Persons are directed to enter into Recognizances, and by which certain Persons are made liable to

the Payment of Cods, in the particular Manner and in the several Cafes herein-before specified, shall not be

construed to apply to the Cafe of any Petition preferred in pursuance of this Act, and relating solely to any

Question or Questions respecting the Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing, a Return-

ing Officer or Returning Officers.

Questiont retyping Rigbt of Election,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall happen that Parliament shall be prorogued

while any Seledt Committee shall be fitting for the Trial of any such Petition as aforesaid, and before they

shall have reported to the House their Determination thereon, (itch Committee shall not be dissolved by such

Prorogation ; but shall be thereby adjourned to Twelve of the Clock on the Day immediately following

that on which Parliament shall meet again for the Dispatch of Business (Sundays, Good Friday, and Christmas-

day, always excepted), and all former Proceedings of the said Committee shall remain and continue to be of

the fame Force and Effect as if Parliament had not been so prorogued; and such Committee shall meet on

the Day and Hour to which it shall be so adjourned, and shall thenceforward continue to fit from Day to

Day, in the Manner provided in the above-recited Acts and in this Act, until they shall have reported to the

House their Determination on the Merits of such Petition.

FORM of the RECOGNIZANCE referred to in this Act.

DE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

before me A. B. [Speaker of the House of Commons] or

[one of his Majesty's Tufttees of the Peace for the County of # ] came C. D. £. F\

and J. G. and severally acknowledged themselves to owe to our Sovereign Lord the King the following

Sums ; that is to fey, the said C. D. the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and the said E. F. and the said J. G.

the Sum of one hundred Pounds each, to be levied on their respective Goods and Chattels, Lands and Te-

nements, to the Use of our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, in case the said & D. shall

fail in performing the Condition hereunto annexed.'

The Condition of this Recognizance is, that if the said C. D. shall duly appear before the House of

Commons, at such Time or Times as shall be fixed by the said House for taking into Consideration

the Petition signed by the said C. D. complaining of an undue Election or Return for the

of [Hero Jpecify the County, City, Borough, or Disirift of Burghs] or,

complaining that no Return has been made for the feiaJ of [ J within

the Time limited by Act of Parliament, or, that the Return made for the said [ ] of

W] is not a Return of a Member or Members according to the Requisition of the

rit, and shall appear before any Seledt Committee which shall be appointed by the House of Com-

mons for the Trial of the fame, and shall renew his said Petition in every subsequent Session of this

present Parliament, until a Select Committee shall have been appointed by the said House for the Trial

of the feme, or until the feme shall have been withdrawn by the Permissionof the said House j then thi*

Recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of full Force and Effect.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to indemnify ind save harmless all Persons who may have incurred Penalties

or Forfeitures under an Act, passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Amt,

intituled, An Act to dtjfolve the present and prevent the future Combination cf Coal

Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in

Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the fur-

ther Encouragement of the Coal Trade*, and also an Act, passed in the third Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Abe better

Regulation of the Coal Trade y and for the better preventing of Combinations in the

Trade of Coals.

€ \T7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (intituled, An Act u

* V v disfohe the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Majiers ef

* Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals? in Prejudice of the Navigation* Trade, and Manufactures rf

4 4 this

