A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 68. 615

Declaration in respect thereof, specifying into what Sort of Snuff Work the fame is to be laid down ; (that

is to say,) whether the fame is to be laid down in Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch

Snuff, or Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, and shall also proceed to lay down the fame into such parti-

cular Sort of Snuff Work, according to such last-mentioned Declaration ; any Thing herein-before con-

tained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted. That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall Declaration to

have finished the manufacturing any Tobacco into ShortCut Tobacco or Shag Tobacco, or shall have be given the

finished the manufacturing any Tobacco Stalks into Spanish, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall,

when and so soon as any such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks respectively shall be completely manufactured, of the different

deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Officer of Excise under whole Survey he, (he, or they shall then be, Sorts of Tob»c.

a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of the Short Cut Tobacco, Sh^g Tobacco, and Spanish, co a* soon a*

respectively manufactured horn such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks respectively, and also the Weight of nr»anus*fltired

the Returns and Tobacco Stalks respectively arising from such ShortCut 'Tobacco and Shag Tobacco ^°*hcb'»re*

reflectively, in the manufacturing of such Short Cut Tobacco and Shag Tobacco respectively ; and such l0 iekepi f*pa-

Manuhicturer or Manufacturers shall keep all such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, rate for*

Spanish, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, separate and apart from each other, and separate and apart Hou-«,or till an

from all other Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, and Returns of T obacco rclpectively, for and during the Account be

Space of twenty-four Hours, from the Time wnen such manufacturing shall be finished, or until such Officer

shall have taken an Account of the fame respectively, on Bain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal na y M 50 ’

thereof the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall A like Deck*’*-

have finished the making into Rolls or Carrots any Tobacco, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, tl0” to be *,vcn

when and so soon as any such Making shall be finished, deliver or <;ause to be delivered to the Officer of

Kxcise under whose Survey, he, (he, or they shall then be, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the #r Carrots, &c.

Number of the Rolls and Carrots respectively so made, and the Weight of the Tobacco Stalks, and Returns on like Po-

of Tobacco respectively, arffing from such Rolls and Carrots respectively, in the manufacturing thereof n*lty;

respectively ; and such Manufacturer or Manufadtureis shall keep all such Rolls, Carrots, Tobacco Stalks,

and Returns respectively, separate and apart from all other Rolls, Carrots, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns

of Tobacco respectively, for and during the Space of twenty-four Hours,from the Time when such Making

shall be finished, or until such Officer shall have taken an Account of the fame respectively, on Pain of for-

feiting for every Neglect or Refusal thereof the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall and also of Rplh

have pressed, cured, and finished any Rolls or Carrots of Tobacco, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers or Carrot*,

shall, when and so soon as the lame shall be so prelied, cured, and finished, deliver or cause to be delivered

to the Officer of Excise under whose 'Survey he, (he, or they shall then be, a Declaration in Writing. tQd c*

specifying the Number of such Rolls and Carrots respectively, and also the Weight of such Rolls and.

Carrots respectively ; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall keep all such Rolls and Carrots

respectively separate and apart from all other Rolls and Carrots of Tobacco, for and during the Space of

twenty-four Hours from the Time when the fame shall be first prefixed, cured, and finished, or until such

Officer shall have taken an Account of the fame, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof,

the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall make, jf r0uor

manufacture, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Roll Tobacco or Carrot Tobacco rot Tobacco for

for Exportation, with any Tobacco Stalks therein ; and if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco Exportation hat

shall make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Roll Tobacco, or Carrot *«y Tobacco

Tobacco for Exportation, with any Tobacco Stalks therein, the fame respectively shall be forfeited, and shall Stalk* {herein*

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and such Manufacturer or Manu- mI™.

fa£turers who shall lo make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Roll tourer QuU

Tobacco or Carrot Tobacco for Exportation with any Tobacco Stalks therein, shall, for each and every loiieit 50L.

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXI V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall evit, or cause or No Person to

procure to be cut, any Walnut 'Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, cut w.inst

Herbs or Plants whatsoever (not being Tonacco Leaves or Plants) into the Form or in Imitation of any Tree U*e*,Ac.

of the usual Sizes or Cuts which "Tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or shall colour, (lain, dye, or cure, in I*"i«uono#

or cause or procure to be coloured, stained, dyed, or cured, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, 00 penah&of

Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants, to referable Tobacco, or shall mix, or caule or Forfeiture

procure to be mixed, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, thereof,an*.

Herbs or Plants whatsoever, with Tobacco, or shall fell, vend, utter, offer, or expose to Sale, or shall *ooi.

have in his, her, or their Custody or Poileflion, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves,

or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever (not being Tobacco Leaves or Plants] cut into the Form

or in Imitation of any of the usual Sizes or Cuts which 1 obacco has been or shall be cut intb, or any

Walnut "Free Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever,

coloured, liained, dyed, or cured, to relemble Tobacco, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves,.

Sycamoie Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs or Plants, mixed with Tobacco; and if any Person or

Persons wha Tver shall cut, or cause or procure to be cut, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves,

Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever (not being Tobacco Leaves or

plants) into the Form or in Imitation of any of the usual Sizes or Cuts which Tobacco has been or shall

be cut into, oc shall colour, ltain, dye, or cure, or cause or procure to be coloured, Rained, dyed, or cured,

an^

TaO jie

