A.D. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C. 55, 56. 563

twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; and which, by fever.;! subsequent Acts* of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth,

nineteenth, twenty.second, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued,

from the Expiration thereof, u®til the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby

further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nn Afl made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain* amend* and extend to other Tools and Utensils*

an Act* made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled\ u An Act to prohibit the

4t Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made i<Jc of in the L on and Steel Manufactures of this

44 Kingdom; and to prevent the Jeducing of Artificers or W orkmen* employed in those Manufactures* to go into

44 Parts beyond the Seas*” which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by two Acts, made in the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth Years*of the Reign of his prclent

Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby

further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Importation of

Tallow, '

continued 10

Match 2$,

1791, &c.

26 Geo. 5. c. 89.

to extend o

other Tools and

I tcnfils,

25 Geo. 3. c. 67.

for prohtciting

the Exportation

of Toi Is made

use of in the

Iron and S'cel

Mjmjfi&orie?,

continued to the End of the next Session.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the twenty-

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Jin A A for making Allowances to the Dealers in

Foreign Wine] for the Stock of certain Foreign UPincs in their PoJJjfton at a certain Time* upon which the Du~

ties on Importation had been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise* as

elirefts, that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrome-

ters, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excite, denote

any such Spirits to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, and which, by an Abt made in the last Session of Parliament, was revived, and continued until

the End of this prclent Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the

Knd of the next Session of Parliament.

So much of

27 Geo. 3. c. 31.

directs that

all Spititt (hilt

bs deemed of

the Stieng h

denoted 6y

Clarke’* Hydro-

meter, continued

to the End of

the next Scfljoa.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the lift Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and

Plantations in North America, and in the Weft-India lftands* and the Countries belonging

to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign

lftands in the West Indies.

T X 7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, prcamble.

intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty s Colonies and Planta- 28 Geo. 3.C. 6.

4 tions in North America, and in the Weft-India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of recited, 3

4 America; and between his Majesty's Juid Subjects and the Foreign lftands in the West Indies, it is, amongst

4 other Things, enacted, That no Tobacco, Pitch, Ear, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Marts, Yards, Bow-

4 fprits. Staves, Heading-boards. Timbe r, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pcafe,

4 Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, shall be imported or brought into

4 any island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies* (in which Description the Bahama

lftands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included,) from any Bland in the West Indies under the

4 Dominion of any E'oreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and

4 of the Ship or Vefiel in which the fame shall be imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furni-

4 ture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:

4 Provided always. That it shall and may ue lawful for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or

4 Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of any of the said Blands in the West Indies under the Domi-

4 nion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, with the Advice and Content of their respective Coun-

4 cils, to authorise the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards,

4 Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Sningles, or Lumber of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Elour,

4 Pease, Beans, Potatoes, W heat. Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any

4 Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, for the

4 Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Blands; and provided always, that liich Goods and Commodities,

4 so authorilcd to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships,

4 owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the For-

4 feiture above mentioned: Alii whereas it was intended, that the said (evcral Articles (herein-before

4 particularly enumerated), allowed?to be imported from any Island in the IF eft Indies under the Dominion

4 of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into the said ifiands in the West Indies under the Dominion

4 of his Majesty, should be for the Supply only of the Inhabitants of the Island into which the fame were

4 imported; and there is Reason to believe that, contrary to the Intention of the said Act, such Articles,

4 after having been so imported, have been re-exported to others of his Majesty’s Islands in the IVeJl

4* Indies \ for Prevention whereof, be it hereby declared and enacted by the King’s must Excellent Majesty,

*9 Geo. III. 4 E by

