98

One Licence

lutfic;ent for a

1‘artrtfrship in

one H use.

ho Lie- i*<e to

• utl.or>(e the

Sale ot Wme tn

any other ti an

the I lice of

Entry.

Commissioneri

may impower

AudVuncera td

fell Foreign

W ine by Auc-

tion, on Proof

of Duties paid.

29 Geo. 3. c. 56.

Personi taking

out L’cences for

retailing Fo-

reign Wine, to

be deemed

V/hol:f 1. Deal-

ers, it they ha e

rot Licences

for retailing Spi-

rituous Liquors,

&c. If they hare,

to be deemed

Ktrail Dealer#.

Not to extend

to the two Uni-

verfitiet.

No Person what-

soever to fell

Wine by the

pint, &c. with-

uc tak ng cut a

Licence.

Entry to be made

cf ^11 Ware-

houles, &», on

Penalty of icol.

ana Forfeiture of

the Wi.»c {here-

in*

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

lose one hundred Pounds: Provided always. That Persons dealing in or felling Foreign Wine by Wholesale,

in Partnership, and in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in

any one Year for dealing in or felling Foreign Wine by Wholesale ; and that no one Licence which shall be

granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or impower any Person or Persons to deal in or fell Foreign

Wine in any other Warehouse, Storehcufe, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place (other than and

except on the lawful Quays upon which Inch Wine shall have been first landed, and whiift such Wine shall

be openly lying on such Quays), than such Warehouses, Storehouses, P^ooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or

other Places, whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the Oilice of Lxcise, according to the Directions

of this Act, at the Time of granting l'uch Licence.

X. Provided always nevertntlefs, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being,

to authorise and impower any Auctioneer, duly licenlcd according to an Act, made in the nineteenth Year

of the Reign of his prdent Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing so much of an Act

made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,v an Act for granting to his Majesty cer-

* tain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all

4 Lands, Houjes, Goods, and other Things sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other

4 Injh umentsj as relates io the Method of granting Licences to Audi oncers and to the colliding the Duties on

Estates and Goods sold by Audio):, to fell by Auction, and for such Auctioneer, so authorised and impowered,

accordingly to fell by Auction, any Foreign Wine, if it be first proved to the Paid respective Commissioners,

or the major Part of them, that all the Duties due or payable in respect of such Foreign Wine have been fully

paid, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said respective Commissioners, or

the major Part of them ; and such Auctioneer, so authoris'd and impowered, shall not be liable to any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Sale.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to whom

any Licence for retailing of Foreign Wine shall be granted, and w ho shall not take out either a Licence for

retailing Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, shall be

deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine by Wholesale, within the Meaning of this

Act; and if any Wine, either Foreign Wine, or by the Person or Persons dealing in or felling the fame,

pretended to be P'oreign Wine, shall at any 'Lime be sold by any such Person or Persons, such Sale shall be

deemed and taken to be a dealing in and felling Foreign Wine by Wholesale, within the Meaning of this Act

and that all and every Person and Persons having a Licence granted to him, her, or them, either for retailing

of Spirituous Liquors, or for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, shall be deemed and taken

to be a Dealer or Dealers in P'oreign Wine by Retail, within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always. That

nothing herein before contained shall in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the two Universities in that

Part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the Chancellors or Scholars of the fame, or

their Successors ; but that they may use and enjoy such Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and

enjoyed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, That nothing herein

before contained shall extend to be prejudicial to the Master, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty of the

Vintners of the City of London, or to any other City or Town Corporate ; but that they may use and en-

joy such Liberties and Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed: Provided nevertheless.

That no Person who shall be admitted to the Freedom ol the said Company of Vintners of the City of Lon-

don by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the Obligation of taking out a Licence for felling or utter-

ing Wine by Retail, but that the Freemen only of the said Company who have been already admitted to

their Freedom, or who shall be admitted to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, shall

be intitled to such Exemption : Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall in any wise extend

to debar or hinder the Mayor or BurgtfTes of the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, or

their Successors, from enjoying, using, and exercising all such Liberties, Powers, and'Authorities to them

heretofore granted, by several Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and

King James the First, for the erecting, appointing, and licensing of three several Wine Taverns within

the Borough aforesaid, for and towards the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the fame Liber-

ties, Powers, and Authorities shall be and are hereby established and confirmed, and shall remain and con-

tinue in and to the said Mayor and Burgeflls, and their Successors, to and for the charitable Use aforesaid,

and according to the Tenor of the Letters Patent aforesaid, as though this Act had never been made; any

Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, and be it declared.

That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Person or Persons who

(lull fell or utter any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, by the Pint, Quart,

Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or less Measure, or in Bottles in any less Quantity than shall be

equal to the Mealure of the Cask or Vellel in which the fame shall have been, or may lawfully be imported,

from taking out a Licence for retailing Wine in such and the same Manner as they now are by Law required,

and as if tnis Act had never been made.

X1L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in, and Sellers of Foreign

Wine shall make true and particular Entry in Writing of all Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops,

Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the keeping of Wine for

Sale, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Warehouses, Storehouses,

Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, shall be situated, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one

hundred Pounds for every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which

shall be so made use of by any such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, without having made such Entry

as

