The Titles of

60. An AC for the further Increase and Encouragement of

Shipping and Navigation.

61. An AC for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain

Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for further

appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Par-

liament.

62. An AC to enable the East India Company to raise Mo-

ney by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital

Stock.

63. An AC for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses at-

tending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other

Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Sea-

men on board any of his Majesty’s Ships.

64. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several

Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits,

, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used

in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to his Ma-

jesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

65. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

66. An AC for appointing Commissioners further to esquire

into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments,

which are, or have been lately, received in the several Pub-

lick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any

Abuses which may exist in the fame; and to report such

Observations as shall occur to them, for the better con-

ducing and managing the Business transaCed in the said

Offices.

67. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners fur-

ther to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of

the Kingdom.

68. An AC for appointing Commissioners further to esquire

into the Lofft? and Services of all such Persons who have

iuffered in thei/ Rights, Properties, and Professions, during

the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence

of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the

British Government.

69. An AC for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that

Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, be-

ginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven

hundred and eighty- fix.

70. An AC to rcCify a Mistake in an AC made in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money cut of the

Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein

mentionedfor the Service of we Fear one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty fix; and for further appropriating the Sup-

plies granted in this Session of Parliament,

71. An AC for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for

the Purpose of daughtering Horses.

72. An AC for explaining and amending an AC, made in

the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on

Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several

Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches,

73. An AC to discontinue, for a limited 'Lime, the pay-

ment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Consumption, and for granting and securing the Payment

of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regula-

tion of the making and vending British Spirits; and for tlif-

continuing, for a limited Time, certain impolls and Duties

upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies,

74. An AC for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Li-

cences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

75. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into

the STATUTES.

the Lodes of all such Persons who have differed in their

Properties in consequence of the Celfion of the Province

of East Florida to the King of Spain.

76. An AC for repealing so much of two ACs, passed in the

fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards

of a limited Price.

77. An AC to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Du-

ties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners

of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains and

Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the

Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under

the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

78. An AC for better securing the Duties on Paper printed,

painted, or stained in Great Britain,

79. An AC to explain, amend, and render more effeCual,

an AC, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of cer-

tain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Ex-

cife9 and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the

Commifioners for the Affairs of Taxes and also for making

further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred^

and for making certain Provisions respeCing Oaths to be

administered by the Commissioners for the Duties on

Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties

put under their Management.

80. An AC for further continuing certain ACs therein men-

tioned, relating to the further Punishment of Persons going

armed or difguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs

or Excise; and to the preventing the committing of

Frauds by Bankrupts.

81. An Act for the more effeCual Encouragement of the

British Fisheries.

82. An AC for the more effeCually carrying into Execution

the Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing certain Stamp

Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any foreign

Kingdom or State from Loss by Fire.

83. An AC to explain and amend an AC, passed in the

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to pre-

vent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals fold

by IVhaif Measure, u'ithin the City of London and the

Liberties thereof and between Tower Dock and Limc-

house Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

84. An AC to impower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or

the Archbishop of York, for the Time being;, to consecrate

to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjecs or Ci-

tizens of Countries out of his Majesty’s Dominions.

85. An AC to revive, continue, and amend so much of an

AC, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the

Exportation of )Snx\{h-made Cordage, and for diseontinuing

the Draw backs upon foreign rough Hemp exported, as re-

lates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-

made Cordage.

86. An AC to explain and amend an AC, made in the

seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable

J'or the Acts of the Masters or Mariners; and for giving a

further Relief to the Owners of Ships.

87. An AC for appointing Commissioners to enquire into

the State and Condition of the Woods, Fordls, and Land

Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to fell or alienate

Fee-farm and other unimprovcable Rents.

88. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for

the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carl-

toity Knight of the moll Honourable Order of the Bath,

and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said

Sir

boogie

