A.D. 1789

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III

593

C. 67.

C-A P. LXVII.

An Act for the more tffcftual Execution of the Laws respectir.g Gaols,

FOR the more effectual Execution of the Laws now in being for the well ordering of G30IS, and fe-

curing the Health of Prifor.ei*, may it please your JVlajtfty, that it may be enacted; and be kenneled

by the King’s most Excellent iViajefly, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in Parliament aflerrbled, and by the Authority of the same. T hat at the General

{Quarter Session of the Peace throughout England and ti ales, to be next holden after the End of this Session

of Parliament, and at the first Session of the Peace to be holden after Michaelmas in every succeeding Year,

the Gaoler or other Officer having the Care or Superintendance of any Gaol within the Juiildidion of the

CJourt holding such Session, shall, 2nd he is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Chair-

man or other Magistrate presidir.g in such Court, a Certificate according to the Form hereunto annexed,

subscribed by himself and verified by him, to the heft of his Knowledge and Belief, on his Oath, to be

taken either before such Court, or in calc of Sicknds, or Inability from any other Cause to attend,

then before feme Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Difvrift in which such Gaol shall be

fi turned, and that such Certificate (lull express, after each of the Provisions therein enumerated, whether

such Provide n is or not com} lied with or observed within such Gaol; and such Certificate shall be read

publickly in or 5,*.; Court in the Prelence of the Grand Jury, and entered upon Record as Part of the Minutes

of the Lid Sc^cn.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Quarter Session shall

thereupon take the said Certificate into their Conficieration, and summon any Person or Perions named therein

to appear before them, and shall give such Directions, and make such Carders relative to any of the Matters

contained in such Certificate, as to such Jufiiccs shall leem meet, and shall and may take Security from any

Pc r.'on or PerioiKi whom the lame may concern for his or their due Compliance therewith.

Ill And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or other Officer, having the Care or Superintendance

of any Gaol, being a County Gaol, shall neglect or deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Certificate as

aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds, and, not being a County Gaol, the

Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall lue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at IVejlrt drifter, or Court of Great Session in fifties^ or the County Palatine of Chester, if

the Offence shall arile there, by Action of Debt, Pill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection,

W ager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed. '

CERTIFICATE referred to in the Body of this Act.

t u AT the General Quarter Sefilons of the Peace, for the holden at

to wit, u this Day of in the Year of our

44 Lord the Certificate of in pursuance of the Statute in

44 this Cafe made and provided, rdpccting the Gaol of

22 {if 23 C. 2. c. 20. enacts, That

Felons and Debtors shall be kept separtite, under Penalties upon

the Sheriff or Gaoler.

24 G. 2. c. 40. enacts, That

1. No Gaoler flia!) fell, lend, life, give aw'2y, or suffer Spirituous

Liquors within any Gael, under a Penalty.

2. Copy of the Clause la ft mentioned, as al so of two other

Claufts respecting the fame, shall be hung up in the Gaol, under a'

Penalty.

32 G. 2. c. 28. enacts, That

, The Clerk of the Peace shall cause a List of the Fees payable by

Debtors, and the Rules vid Orders for the Government of Gaols

and Prisons, to be hung up in the Court where the Assizes or Seftious

shall be held, and fend another Copy to the Gaol; and the Gaoler

shall cause the fame to be hung up in a conspicuous Place in the said

Gaol.

13 G. 3. c. 58. enacts, That

Clergymen may be provided to officiate in Gaols.

24 G. 3. c. 20. enacts. That

Persons acquitted, or discharged upon Proclamation for want

of Proftcution, shall be discharged immediately, in open Court,

and without Fee.

Preamble.

At the Quaker Srflion

nrxt after this Session of

Parli rinenf, and at the

Michaelmas S^flion an-

nually, a Certificate in

the Form annexed, to

be delivered by C'cry

Gaoler to the Chair-

man, read in open

Court, and entered

upon Record.

The Court to take th«

Certificate into Con^

federation, &c»

Penalty on Gaolert

neglrfting to deliver

Cctt ficates.

