A. D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

G. 38. 467

Conflablff, Are#

nrg'e:iing their

Duty to lostcit

so J.

jesty’s Customs, Excise, or Sale Duties, who shall have Cause to suspedt that any Sheep, Wool, or any of

the before enumerated Articles, and which arc hereby prohibited from being exported, is or are carrying or

conveying contrary to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to examine or seize such

Sheep, Wool, and other the said enumerated Articles, other than together and in Company with a Con-

ftabie, or other Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required, on Application being made to him or them,

immediately to attend the Person or Persons applying for such Assistance; any Thing herein-before con-

tained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Constabie or other Officer of the Peace, or if any Officer

of his Majesty’s Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, upon Application being made to him for that Purpose,

fllall neglect or refuse to attend any Person or Persons who shall make such Application, or shall neglect ins

Duty in the Premises, every such Constabie, or other Officer of the Peace, and Officer of his Majesty’s

Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, (lull forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds,

one Moiety whereof, when recovered, and after deducting the Costs and Charges of recovering the fame,

shall go to the Person or Persons filing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of Noting ?n thi*

the Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed: Provided always, That nothing in this Act touke

Act contained shall extend, or be ronftrued to extend, to take away the Power hereby given to the Com- *W37 thrower

manders and Officers of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or armed Sloops, to take and leize any Ship, Vessel,

or Boat, having therein any Sheep, Wool, or other the said enumerated Articles, the Mailer or Commander

whereof shall not produce any such Cocquet or Warrant as aforesaid.

*. LIV. And, to prevent any Dispute relating to the Authority of any Person or Persons adtirig as an Officer

or as Officers of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties in this Kingdom, for putting in Execution this Act,

be it further enacted by the Authority afoiefiid, That every Person who, by Deputation, Commission, or

other In ft rumen t, under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties

in this Kingdom, or the Ifies aforesaid respectively, shall be appointed to act as an Officer or Servant under

them for putting this Act in Execution, shall be esteemed an Officer of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties

respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of the Revenue, or other

Person or Persons, shall, directly or indirectly, make any collusive Seizure or Information of any of the said

Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or any fraudulent or collusive Agreement whatsoever,

whereby the Owner or Claimer thereof, their Agents or Servants, or any Offender or Offenders against this

Act, may avoid the Forfeitures, Punishments, and Penalties, or any Part thereof, incurred or inflicted by

this Act, he, (lie, and they shall, upon Conviction, be subject to the like Penalties as are herein-before di-

redted to be incurred by the Exporters of Wool; and every such Information and Seizure, and all the Pro-

ceedings thereupon had, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, for the Benefit only of the Person or Per- jon

(bns (not being an Accomplice or Accomplices) who shall first discover such collusive Information and Sei- in^the Coiu-

zure: Provided nevertheless. That any Person whatsoever, concerned in any such collusive or fraudulent fi,n.

Seizure or Agreement, who shall fnft discover such his Offence to the Commissioners of the Customs for

the Time being, shall be clearly acquitted and discharged thereof, provided he makes such Discovery within

the Space of three Months after the Offence shall have been committed, and so as any one or more of his

Accomplices therein be convicted thereof; and if such Person first making such Discovery as aforesaid,

within the Time aforesaid, be not an Officer of his Majesty’s Revenue, or Owner of the Goods, he or she

lhaP, as a further Encouragement for making such Discovery, have and receive, to his and her own Use

and Benefit, the Sum of forty Pounds, the fame to be paid by the Commissioners of the Customs on the *noe °®c*r or

Cpnviction or Convidions of such Offender or Offenders. °wner ‘f ,h“

givm to Com-

manders of

Kind’s Ships to

seize VeflVJ, See*

All Persons ail-

ing under the

■a urhority of th(t

Comn.iflionera

of CustomJ, Scc#

to be deemed

their Officers*

Persons making

c- Hu live Sei-

zure^ See. to b«

fu*>jt£l to the

Penalties as

Exporters of

Wool;

and the Seizure*,.

See, to he to the

Person d:(cover-

Any Person con-

cemed in such

Collusion, mak-

ing the Aril Dif-

covery thereof?

to be acquitted

aid if n-t a Re-

Good*, to bar*

401.

Persons opposing

any one in the

Execution of

this A&. to ba

tran (ported*

LVI. And, for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whosoever, putting this Act in Execution, shall be hindered, of-

posed, obstructed, molested, wounded, or beaten, in seizing or attempting to seize any Sheep, Wool,

Woolfels, Woolflocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, or any other Species of Goods before enumerated, by any

Person or Persons whom foe ver, either in the Day or Night, by Land or Water, which were intended to

be exported, or which were carrying on board any Ship or Vessel contrary to this Act, the Person or Persons

who shall so hinder, oppose, obstruct, molest, wound, or beat, any such Person or Persons, in the making,

or attempting to make such Seizures as aforesaid* and also all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever,-

being armed with offensive Arms or Weapons, or wearing any Vizard, Maflc, or other Disguise, who shall

refeue, or attempt to refeue, any Sheep, Wool, or other the Goods aforesaid, which shall have been seized

according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person or Persons that shall be convicted of any of the

said Offences shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, be

transported to some Place beyond the Seas for such Term as such Court shall think fit, not exceeding (even

Years; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the

Time for which he, (he, or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he, she,

orthev, so returning, and being duly convicted thereof, shall fuller as Felons, and have Execution awarded

?gain(t them, as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LVIT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whosoever Persons offering

shall offer or pro mi fe to give any Bribe, or Reconipence or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers Bribe* to connive

Af the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to connive at, or permit

the Exportation or the Concealment of any Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles hereby prohibited from

being exported, or the removing thereof, contrary to this Act, or to conceal or connive at any other Act

Whereby any of the. Provisiofis hereby made may be evaded or broken, every such Person or Persons so

offending

at any Evafior» of

this Act to Jos-

feit 3I00U

