A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 13. (F.)

Paper, Third Table, continued.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Medium, of the Value of

One Pound and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and Eight Shillings per Bundle, and^ not

exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches by Twenty-three Inches, Four Shillings and Two-

pence Halfpenny. - —

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Single, of the

Value of Seventeen Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Six Shillings per Bundle,

and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, or

of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-one Inches and a Quarter, Three Shillings and

Ten-pence, - — . —

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Inferior, of the

Value of'Fen Shillings and under the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding

the Dimcnftons of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, Two Shillings and

Three-pence Halfpenny. — — t ——

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made iii Great Britain, called Double Crown, of the

Value of Seventeen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound Three Shillings and

Sixpence per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Thirty Inches,

Three Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny. ——

Forfevery Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Crown Inferior, of

the Value of Twelve Shillings and under the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by Thirty Inches, Two Shillings and Eight-pence

Farthing. - — —

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be mrde in Great Britain, called Single Crown, of the

Value of Thirteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of one Pound per Bundle, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, Three Shillings and Three

Farthings. - — —

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Crown Inferior,

of the Value of Eight Shillings and under the Value of Thirteen Shillings [>er Bundle, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Eleven-

pence. - — —

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Tifliie, of the Value

of Eight Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Shillings per Bundle, and not exceed-

ing the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, One Shilling and

Eleven-pence. - — —

- For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Crown Tissue, of the

Value of Five Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Nine Shillings per Bundle, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Three

For every Bundle* of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Pott, of the

Value of Nine Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Bundle, and not

exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-five Inches and an Half, Two Shillings

and Three-pence Halfpenny, ——

FOURTH TABLE*

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding

the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Twenty-six Inches, Two Shillings and Eight-pence

Farthing. - — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches and an Half by Twenty-five Inches and an Half,

Three Shillings and Three Farthings. — *— . — — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Cartridge, not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, Two Shillings

and Three-pence Halfpenny. ——

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, not ex

ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches Ly Twenty-eight Inches, One Shilling and

Eleven-pence. - — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding

the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches and an Half by Thirty-three Inches, Three Shillings and

Three Farthings. - — —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Smaller Size,

not exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches and Three Quarters by Twenty-seven Inches,

Two Shillings and Thrcc-pence Halfpenny. ——

For every-Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Demy Size, not

exceeding the Dimensions of Sevsnteen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, One Shilling

and Eleven-pence. - —

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Crown Size,

not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by 'I wenty-Inches, One Shilling and Eleven

pence. - —

27 Geo. Ill, » Y y

d.

if

10

3i

Si

11

n

3i

3i

11

3i

r 1

11

