44i

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 36.

with a second Husband, such second Husband shall not be precluded from voting in respect of such Dower,

or Thirds (if such Dower or Thirds shall be of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings as aforesaid), by

Reason that the fame shall not have been aligned or set out by Metes or Bounds: Provided always, That

such second Husband shall pursue, as af’orefaid, the Directions of this A Cl.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, making any Decla-

ration, or taking any Oath or Affirmation, by this Act autlio.iftd or required to be made or taken, (nail

thereby be guilty of wilfully making a falle Declaration, cr shall commit wilful Perjury, or be guilty of faife

Affirmation, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or inborn any Person to make any such Declaration,

or to take any Oath or Affirmation by this A d authoris'd or required to be made or taken, whereby such

Person (Hall be guilty of making a falle Declaration, or shall commit wilful Pc.jury, or be guilty of falle

Affirmation, every such Person, upon being convicted, on Indictment, of making such fade Declaration,

or of suborning or procuring any Person to make such faife Declaration, shall forfeit a Sum, not exceeding

five hundred Pounds, and shall also he imprisoned for any Time, not lei's than one Year, and not exceeding

three Years; or, upon being convicted, on Indictment, of committing wilful Perjury, or Subornation of

Penury, or of making faife Affirmation, or of suborning or procuring any Person to make faife Affirmation,

shall incur and fester the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful

and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

XXXVI. And be it further cnnd'ted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after

the passing of this Act, shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, or cause or procure to be destroyed, or shall

aid or assist in destroying, any Register of Freeholders, or any Book of Copies of Enrolments, or any

Book of Enrolments of Memorials of Leufes, or any Attestation, which Register, or Book, or Attestation,

shall be kept in pursuance of this Act; or shall wilfully and maliciously erase, 01 falsely alter, or cause or

procure to be erased or fallely altered, the Whole or any Part of any Enrolment, or Copy of Enrolment,

in any such Regilter, or in any such Book, or any Attestation aforesaid; or shall wilfully and maliciously

insert, or cause or procure to be infern d, in any such Regilter, or in any such Book as aforesaid, any coun-

terfeit or fictitious Emolment, or Copy of Enrolment; or Bull wilfully and maliciously make, or cau'e

of procure to be made, any forged, counterfeit, or fictitious Register, or Book, or Enrolment, or Copy

of Enrolment, or Attestation aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit the Name of any Person which shall

or may, in pursuance of this Act, be signed to any Enrolment, or Copy of Enrolment, or Attestation

or Jurat aforesaid; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed

and adjudged to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be pimished by Transportation for any

Term not exceeding lcvcn Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Offender shall be

convicted.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid/That all Forfeitures aforesaid, by this

Act to be incurred, shall and may (except in the Cafes herein-before otherwise provided for) be feed for

and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster, wherein no E(lbin* Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Impailance, shall be

allowed; and in every such Action, the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or

Defendant) shall pay the full Costs of Suit; and every such Action or Prosecution as aforesaid shall and

may be brought or commenced at any Time within three Years after the OiFence committed, but not

afterwards; and the Person against whom any such Action or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced

shall be legally served, within the Time aforesaid, with the Writ or Procels by which such Action or Pro-

ject! tion shall be intended to be commenced, unless the Service of such Writ or Process (hull have

been prevented by such Person’s absconding or withdrawing cut of this Kingdom; and every Action

or Prosecution which shall be brought or commenced as aforesaid shall be carried on without wilful

Delay.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Petition shall

be presented to the House of Commons, in which Complaint shall be made that any Member or Members

returned to serve in Parliament had been voted for by Persons who had neglected to comply with one or

more of the Directions of this Act, such Petition shall be deemed and taken as a Petition against the Return

only; unless in such Petition, Complaint shall also be made of an undue Election.

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient to prevent Doubts relative to the Rights of Voters at County

4 Elections be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be deemed to

incur any Penalty for having caused his Name to be enrolled in any Register of Freeholders aforesaid, or

for voting at any such Election as aforesaid, or shall be liable to have his Vote difa 11 owed by any Select

Committee of the House of Commons, for or on account of any Want of, or Defect in Title to the Estate in

respect of which he shall have caused his Name to be enrolled, or in respect of which he shall have voted:

Provided always, That such Person shall be (by himself or others) in the actual Potlession or Receipt of the

Rents or Profits of the fame for his own U(e, and shall not hold such Estate by Copy of Court Roll, or at

Will, or at Sufferance, or for any Term or Terms of Years, or by or in virtue of any Grant or Lease

not being for any Life, or for any Lives, or for any Joint Lives, or for a greater Estate.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Freehold Lands or Tenements

{hall have been let or demised, for any Life, or for any Lives, or for any joint Lives, at a Rent reserved

and payable for and in respect of the lame, any Person who shall be entitled to receive such Rent to his own

Uie, shall have a Right to be enrolled as aforesaid, and to vote at any such Election as aforesaid, for such

Lands or Tenements, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had only been let or

tlemifed for a Term of Years: Provided always, That the Rent so accruing to such Person shall be of the

clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

3 M 2 XLI. ‘ And

Persons m )kinp, or Tub-

orninR others, to make,

a falle Declaration, to

forkit 500! &c,

Penalties for Perjury or

Subomation,

Perf'n* destroying Re-

g i’ers, See. or altering

them Sec. to be tranl-

ported.

How Forfeitures may be

recovered.

Limitation of A&iont.

Persons profreutrd to be

feived with a Writ, See,

If IVirioni to the Com-

mons do not complain of

uncue Elections, they

shall \ e deemed Pet:ti> n*

egainst the Return only.

No Person to incur any

Penalty f< r caufirg his

Name to be enrolled. See.

if he he in the Receipt

of the Ren sof the Free-

hold, Sic.

Persons entitled so the

Rents of Lands demised

for Lives to have a Right

to be enrolled, dec.

