A. D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 20. 413

the said herein-before recited A&, made and passed in the twenty-Tixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, and in and by this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Oil, Head Matter, or other Produce oil, *c. tmybe

of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of imported Duty-

any Ship or Veiitl .so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid for the several additional Premiums granted ffce ,n ^ip*

by this Act, and which Ihill so double Cope Horn, or pass through the Streights cf Magellan, and (o

carry on the said Fifnery in the South Seas, ih ill, upon Importation into Great Britain, be admitted a c 01 15

to Entry, and landed under the usual Restrictions and Regulations, Without Payment of any Duty

whatever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, not being a Foreigners who

Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore employed in carrying on the Whale h^ve carried on

Fishery, and being the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, and intending to reside, together with his the ^haleFilh-

or their Family or Families, in this Kingdom, lor the Purpolb of continuing to carry on such Fishery from JnVcoming with

hence, shall, on or before the firit Day of 'January one thou fund (even hundred and ninety, come into this their Families to

Seamen or Fishermen, not less than twelve in Number, having been herctofoic employed in carrying on to carry

the said Fishery in every such Ship or Vessel; and it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Com- on the Whale

missioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England and Scotland respectively, by the Oaths (or Affirmations, if Fishery from

of the People called Quakers) of such Owners respectively (which Oafhs or Affirmations the said Com- ^jrc.at Britain io

missioners are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer), and by other Means, that he or ^before^

they have been so employed in carrying on the said Fishery for three Years next previous to his or their jin.i/iy^not

Arrival, and that he or they, together with his 01 their Family or Families (if any they shall have), are exceeding40V

then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such Seamen and Fishermen at the lead are brought &c.

into Great Britain in every such Ship or Vessel, and the fame shall be certified by tnc said Commissioners

in England and Scotland respectively to his Majesty ; it (hull <md may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, if he shall fee just Cause so to do, to grant

to the Owner or Owners ofevery such Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, not exceeding in the whole forty

in Number, a Licence or Licences to fit out any such Ship or Vessel for the sole Purpose of carrying on the

said Whale Fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such Ship or Vessel in carrying on the fame ; and

every such Ship or Vcllel shall, from and after the granting of such Licence as aforesaid, during the Conti-

nuance of such Licence, enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages which now by Law belong, or may at any

Time hereafter belong, to any British Ship or Vessel employed in the said p ifhery (except the Premiums

granted by this Act, and by the herein-before recited Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty), and dial I be allowed to import Oil, and all other Produce of the. Whale

Fishery, subject to the Regulations and Provisions herein-before contained, and free from all Duties what-

ever: any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Ship or Vessel so licensed Such foreign li-

as aforesaid, shall have been employed by such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, in carrying on the Whale Rented Ship* at

Fishery from Great Britain, or shall be continued in carrying on such Fishery, in c. fe of his or their De-

- - - — ~ ~ the Whale

ery from Great

Britain for fife

respective Parish or Parishes in which the Owner or fucteflive Year*,

.Owners of every such Ship or Vellel shall have relided, and by other projx:r Means, that he or they, or maybeie*i(Ui*d

his or their Family or Families, have been resident in such Parish or Parishes respectively for the Space of

five Years successively, and the fame shall be certified by the said Commissioners respectively to his Ma- lps* c#

jesty; then, and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heiis'and Succeii'ors, by and with the

Advice of his Privy Council, to authorise the Owner or Owners to register every such Ship or Vessel as

shall have been so brought into this Kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the Whale Fishery from thence

for five successive Seasons, by virtue of such Licence as aforesaid, in like Manner as if the fame was a

British-built Shit), owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law ; and every such Owner or

Owners shall also from thenceforth, in respect of every such Ship or Vessel, be intitled to all such Premiums

as are granted to British-b\x\\t Ships and Vessels employed in carrying on the said Fishery ; and they, and

each of them, shall have and enjoy the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages of natural-born Subjects of Great

Britain, in like Manner, and subject to the like Disabilities, as the fame may be granted to Aliens by Ipccial

Acts of Parliament.

X VI. Provided always, That all and every Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel, before he or Own?r« of ft>.'

they shall be admitted to register any such Ship or Vessel, and before they shall have and enjoy the Rights, ShJP*in-

Privileges, and Advantages of a natural-born Subjcdt of Great Britain, Hull take and subscribe the Oath of fJc ^cd * to take

Allegiance to his Majesty^ his Heirs and Successors, in one of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVrjI mi njlcr thcUath of All

or Edinburgh, or at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in the Place where he or they legiaacc 7

reside ; which Oath shall he iurolled by the Court wherein the fame shall be taken and subscribed, on Pay-

ment of the like Sum or Sums to the Officer or Officers of such Court for entering the fame, as are or shall

be payable by Law on the Entry of such Oath in the Courts aforesaid, in any Cafe where the lame is by Law

required.

XVII. € And, for the further Encouragement of such Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Sub-

* jedts of his Majesty, to come and establish himself or themfclyes in tlus Kingdon, for the Purpose of

4 carrying

