Clerk i of the

Peace to trans*

nit Copies of

Certified RetvtUi

to the Treasury,

to

24a C. 107, Anno vicesimo sexto GeoUgu III, A. D. 178.6.

Treasurer, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of one Penny in the Pound of all fijeh

Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively ad as aforesaid; and such Treasurer is

hereby authorised ana required todedud the fame out of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and to

pay the respective Proportions thereof to such High Constables and other Officers aforesaid.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted. That the Clerk of the Peace of every County or Place shall and is

hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held next

after the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to transmit to the Lord High Treasurer* or the Commis-

sioners of the Treasury, ahd also to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County or Place, a

Copy, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Lieu-

tenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate

shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission to the Lord High Trea-

surer, or to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, and

that such Clerk of the Peace hath certified the lame to the Justices at such General Quarter Session, ana re-

quired such Justices to proceed according to the Directions of this Act; and such CTerk of the Peace shall

aufo certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Session, in relation to the assessing and

raising the said Money, where the Militia shall not have been raised : and in case such Justices shall omit,

neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk

of the Peace of such County or Race shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after such

General Quarter Session of the Peace, to certify to the Solicitor of the Treasury such Omission, Neglect,

or Refusal, of such Justices, and the Names of the Justices who shall be present at such Session ; and the

Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed, by ail

such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Justices to pay dus

Obedience to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected, and paid.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, to be raised and

paid in any such County or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected, and paid into the Exchequer,

in Manner herein before directed, the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required forthwith, upon Know-

ledge or Information thereof, to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and

expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money, and the Payment thereof into the Ex-

chequer as aforesaid.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to

receive, deliver, file, make, record, or traafmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Direc-

tions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace, so offending, shall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered

incapable of having, receiving, or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown 5 and if

any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Treasurer, Chief Constable, Petty Constable, or other Officer,

who ought to ad and afiift in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit, or neglect or

refuse to ad and afiift therein according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act, every such Receiver

General or Treasurer, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred

Pounds; and every such Chief Constable, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the

Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer, so offending, shall for every such

Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds: And the Solicitor of the Treasury shall and is hereby

required, with all due Diligence, to prosecutc with Effect all such Justices of th6 Peace, Receivers General

of the Land Tax, Treasurers, and other Officers who shall omit, neglect, or refuse to perform the Duty

required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting, and paying of the said Money;

ana in case the Solicitor of the Treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Justices of

the Peace, Receivers General of the Land Tax, Treasurers, or other Officers aforesaid, he shall for every

such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXV II. And be it further enacted^ That the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for rendering Justices of the

Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office* and/or indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience

to their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's Lieutenants, ana to all Deputy Lieutenants acting in

the Execution of this Act, or any other Act relating to the Militia, in like Manner, and as fully and effec-

tually as die feme extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

CaXVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall not

vacate the Seat of any Member returned to ferye in Parliament \ and that no Person being an Officer of the

Militia shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff,

serve at Sherifit.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Officer of the Militia, or private Milida Man,

shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence during the Time he shall be

going to vote at an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time tys shall be

returning from such Election.

CXaX. And be it^urther enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia, nor any

Private Man, from the Time of his Inrohment, until he shall be regularly discharged from the Militia, shall

be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to perform any Highway Duty, commonly

called Statute-work^ or to serve in any of his Majesty’s Sea Forces.

CXXXL And be it further enacted. That every Person having served in the Militia when drawn out

into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exerdfe any Trade iaany Town or Place within

Great

nod to certify

Omifioas or

Justices to the

Solicitor of the

Treasury.

Solicitor of the

Treasury to

compel the le-

vying of Afieff-

menis.

Penalty on Ne-

gleet of Duty im

Clerks of the

Peace, Receiver!

Central, Ire*

Provisions of

Act 24 Geo. t.

e. 04. resetting

Justices, to ex-

tend to County

Lieutenants, Ac.

CommUBons in

Militia out to

vacate Seats in

Psrlisment, nor

Officers liable to

Voters not pu-

ntfhable for Ab-

sence while go-

ing to an Elec*

tion, Ac.

Militia Men not

liable to serve as

Peace Officers,

Ac.

Married Mili-

tia Men may set

19 TiMciinagy

