Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

,236 C. 107.

A.D. 1786.

Deserten tniy

be trier! by a

Court-martial,

&c<

Gaoler* refuting

to receive De-

frrfen, to forfeit

aoa. -

Serjeanti em-

ployed in ap-

prehending, Sec.

Perfooa apprt-

he iding Dcfcrt-

ers, to be paid

ao«»

Personi con-

cealing, Sec.

Deserter*, for-

feit 51.

His Majesty may

oeder the Militia

to be embodied

in Cafet of In-

vafion, Sic. and

commanded by

General Offi-

cers, Ate.

While embodied

to be fnbjed to

the Articles of

War, lee.

Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of his Regiment

or Battalion, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shal! also fend, by such Secant,

Corporal, or Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Pam* of Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers,

an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, re-

ouiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to

do; and the Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, to whom fuen Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in

case one only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or

Battalion of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such

Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, under

his Command, to afiift in conveying such Dclcrter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant

Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed with re*

spect to the conveying of private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Bat-

talion to which they belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shal! take such Deserter before a Justice

of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place co which he belongs, w: o shall forthwith cause him to be con-

veyed to the Common Gaol, Houie of Correction, or other publick Prison of such County, Riding, or Place,

where he shall remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Regiment or Battalion to wh.ch he belongs shall

be embodied for Annual Exercise or for actual Service (which mail first happen): and the Colonel or Com-

manding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion (hull then ilFue an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the

Keeper of the Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, where such Deserter shall be confined, requiring him

to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such

Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby impowered and required to summon and hold a Court Martial for

the Trial of such Defeiter, in such Manner, and with the fame Power and Authority, as shall be given

and directed by any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if upon any such Trial such Deserter

shall be found guilty, it shall be lawful to punish such Deserter in such Manner as such Court Martial

shall, in their Discretion, think fit, according to the Powers and Provisions of such Act, and of the Articles

of War, but so that no such Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb: And all Gaolers and

Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, employed in con-

veying any such Militia Man, or Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, so offending, to the Regiment or Bat-

talion to which he belongs as aforesaid) receive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such Time

as they shall be respectively 1b required as aforesaid, not exceeding twenty-four Hours; and every such

Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and all

such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, while they arc employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid,

shall be billetted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers belonging to his Majesty’s other

Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters, are to be billetted.

Defcrten to 'be billetted.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace, before whom any Deserter shall becon-

vifted, shall and may issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter

shall belong, or (where there is no Clerk) to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Clerk, or such Com-

manding Officer, to pay, out of the Stock of such Regiment or Battalion, the Sum of twenty Shillings to the

Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Clerk or Commanding Officer is hereby au-

thorifed and required to pay the lame accordingly upon Demand.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any De-

ferter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of

five Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of actual Invasion* or upon imminent Dangerthereof,

and in all Cafes of Rebellion or Insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the Occasion being first com-

municated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Pro-

clamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direct the Lieutenants of the

said several Counties, Ridings, and Places, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence from their re-

spective Counties, Ridings, or Places, of any of them, then any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all

convenient Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of

Militia within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, herein before appointed to be raised and trained,

or so many of them as his Majesty shall in nis Wildom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be

belt adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such

General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces to be led by their

respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, for the repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, and

for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within this Realm of Great Britain \ and the Officers,

Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Inde-

pendent Companies of the Militia, shall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid,

and until they shall be returned again, by his MajestyOrders, to their respective Parishes or Places of Abode,

remain under the Command of such General Officers, and during such Time as aforesaid all the Provisions

contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the Militia, and shall

extend to all the Officers, Non-com mi ffioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia, in all

Cafes whatsoever.

XCVL Provided

