438

Clnk nf the P<race tn

p >i'if thr C«*pie* to the

p- p« r Uo< k', »>n *hc

li ck of he Lr: vt? hay-

s' i: thf fa me Nunr\*icri

3* th- Enr lIrrM-nt ,

N • Entclioem io be

c a.ed.

The Votri hf P'rfonB

t n itled 10 !lent Chirges

cr Annui \ci, not r<j be

y.nid, unkf* the Direc-

tions of 3G1O.3. c. 24.

he rot'plied w'.t h.

Perf.-ns voting by riitue

of Lea'es to cauf? a Me-

morial of the L?afe to be

entered with iheCWk

of the Peace be'ore the

Kiel ion, containing

the Da'e, the Part:cs,

the Linds, and »hc ila-

b e n d u t

Clerk s of the Teace, by

April s» 1789* to pro-

vide B ’* Ic* for e“»r Hing

such McniO'iah;

an 1 hr pa d onr Pcnry

for evrry 30 Wt.rds in

Auh Memorial

The Sheriff o prr^de

for e ch Diilrict a Book,

for taking the Pill.

F-e'h( lder tovoteat the

P0T1 Book of theDiftrift

in which he is enroll'd.

From July 10,1790,

Sheriffs are to recede

the Vote ever) Per-

ftn tendering it at the

proper Poll hook, and

making the requilite

Declaration, &c.

Pei foe* authorised to

t*ke the Poll, to admi-

nifler Declarations.

Sheriff to derive the

Number of Votes given

for each C'anei late, and,

if within one H ur af-

terward?, one Candidate

or ten Freeholders de-

mand a Scrutiny, to pro-

ceed therein cn the Day

following, unless it be

Sunday, dec.

Cle k ofthePeice to at-

tend nming th' Scruti-

ny, with Copies of En-

tolmemi, dec.

Sher ff, on Scrutiny, to

rej^h ihe Votes* f Per-

foi 1 whn have not b.en

enrobed, fee. pursuant

|o this Act ;

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Sessions of the Peace which shall then be held for the faiJ County (Riding or Division); and the said

Cleric of the Peace is hereby required carefully to keep such Copy, and (for the better preserving the

fame) shall Caule such Copy to be passed in the proper Book, and on the Back of the Leaf having

the lame progressive Number as is contained in such Enrolment; but no Clerk of the Peace, or Ilegifter-

keeper, shall itrike out or erase any such Enrolment as aforesaid, but the fame shall continue and stand upon

the Register.

XIX. c And whereas Rent Charges or Annuities idling out of Freehold Lands or Tenements,'2nd

* gnuned for a Life or J ives, or greater Eitite, as lihcwile Leaks, are of a private Nature, and therefore

4 liable to fraudulent Praflices in the Elections of Knights of the Shire :* Be it therefore further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, 'That if any Person shall have voted at any Election as aforesaid for or in rcl’pect of

ar.y such Rent Charge or Annuity a> aforesaid, such Vote shall not be valid, unless the Directions of ail

AcJ shall have been complied with, that was made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent fraudulent and occafnnul Votes in the Elttiim

of Knights :f the Shire, and of A'L inkers for Cities and fauns which arc Counties of ihemselves* Jo Jar as re*

lates to the Right of voting by v:rwe cj an Annuity cr Rent Charge ; and that if any Person shall have voted at

any Election as aforesaid in rdpett or by virtue of any Lease granted for a Life or Lives, or joint Lives or

a greater Estate of any Freehold Lands or Tenements, such Vote Gull not be valid, unless a Memorial of

such Lease Giall have been enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace before the hrft Day of such Election, width

Memorial shall contain the Date of the Lease, the Parties thereto, the Lands or Tenements demiled thereby,

and the Habendum thereof, at full Length; and every Cleric of the Peace aforesaid shall, on or before the

laid fifth Day of April on? thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine, provide proper Book? of blank Papier

for the enrolling of every such Memorial, and shall be paid at the Kate of one Penny (and no more) for

every thirty Words contained in such Memorial, and shall enrol such Memorial as soon as may be alter Re-

quilition made to him for that Purpose.

XX. And, for the more easy Detection of fraudulent Votes at Elections of any Knight or Knights of the

Shire to serve in Parliament lor any County aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, at every such Election, the Sheriff of the County shall, for the taking ol the Poll, provide, or caule

to be provided, for each PariGi (or District) as aforesaid within such County, a separate Book (orfeparat:

Paper), or ieparate Books (or Ieparate Papers), of the Form fpccifted in the Schedule hereunto annexed,

N° 6 ; and at every such Election every Freeholder shall give his Vote at some Poll Book (or Paper) pro-

vided for the Parish (or Di(tri£t) as aforesaid, in the Regilter of Freeholders for which such Freeholder shall

have been enrolled as aforesaid; and every such Poll Giall be taken down in the Form and Manner specified

hi the said Schedule, N® 6.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Sheriff, or other Person who shall by Law be authorised to

take the Poll at any such Election as aforesaid, shall have any judicial Power or Authority whatsoever to de-

termine the Right of voting of any Person who shall tender his Vote at such Election ; but every such Sheriff,

or other Person authorised to take the Poll at any such Election as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said

last-mentioned Day, act merely ministerially in the taking of such Poll, that is to say, he shall and is hereby

required to receive the Vote of every Person who shall tender his Vote at the proper Poll Book (or Paper)

as aforesaid,'and who shall make such respective Declarations as are above directed to be made at such

County Election, and who shall also take any such respective Oath or Oaths as shall by any Act or Acts

of Parliament then in force be directed to be administered at any such Election; and every Person who fhsll

by Law be authorised to take, or to assist in taking, the Poll at any such Election as aforesaid, is hereby em-

powered and required to administer the said respective Declarations.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after the said tenth Day of July one

thousand (even hundred and ninety, no Scrutiny shall be granted or had at any such Election as aforesaid,

except for the sole Purpose herein-after mentioned ; and at every such Election the Sheriff of the County

shall, without Delay, call up, and caule to be publickly declared, the Number of Votes given for each

Candidate at such Election; and if within one Hour after the said Numbers shall have been so declared, a

Scrutiny shall be demanded by any Candidate, or by any ten Freeholders of the County, in Writing,

under his or their Hand or Hands, alledging that Persons had voted at the Election who had neglected to

comply with one or more of the Directions of this Act, then and in such Cafe, the said Sheriff shall grant

such Scrutiny, and shall proceed therein on the Day following, unless such Day shall be a Sunday, a GW-

friday, or a Christmas-day, or a Day set apart by Authority for general Fading on Thanksgiving (and if a

Sunday, a Good-friday^ox a Christmas-day, or a Day set apart as aforesaid, then on the following Day); and

the Clerk of the Peace for the County (or the Clerks of the Peace for the Ridings or Divisions within the

fame) shall attend the Sheriff on every Day of the said Scrutiny (and at or before the Hour of E ight in the

Forenoon of each such Day), and shall carry with him or them all Copies of E'nrolments which he or they

is or are by this Act direc'ted to keep, and also all Books wherein Memorials of Leases shall hive been

enrolled as aforesaid, and like wife all Books ol Entries of Certificates and Memorials, kept by such Clerk

or Clerks of the Peace in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act made and passed in the 'Third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third ; and if upon such Scrutiny it Giall appear to the said

Sheriff that any Person Iliad have voted without having been enrolled in pursuance of this Act, or shall luve

voted in virtue of a Lease without a Memorial of fuen Lease having been enrolled with the proper Clerk of

the Peace as aforesaid, or shall have voted for or in respectof any Rent Charge or Annuity issuing out of

Freehold Lands or Tenements without having complitd with the Directions contained in the above-men-

tioned

e

