A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C. 6. 403

abaft, and also three Fifths of the Ship’s Breadth for the Rake forward, the Remainder shall be eftcetned the

just Length of the Keel, to find the Tonnage; and the Breadth shall be taken from Outlidc to Outiide of

the Plank, in the broadtft Part of the Ship, either above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all Manner

of Sheathing or Doubling that may be wrought upon the Side of the Snip; then multiply the Length of the

Keel for Tonnage by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing by ninety-

four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa’.d. That the full and true Amount of the said

Tonnage Duty, so ascertiined as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of his Majesty’s

Customs in the said Islands respecVively, at the Port or Place w herein he shall be appointed to reside in any

of the said Islands, before any Salt shall be loaden or laid on board of such Snip or VeiFl; and such Duty

shall be under the Management of the said Com nilaoners of his Majesty’s Customs, and be raised, levied,

collected, paid, and recove:ed, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Rules, Ways, Means,

and Methods reflectively, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties now payable to

his Majesty on Goods imported into a.iy'of the said Islands, Plantations, Colonies, or Territories belong-

ing to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty in America or the IVefl Indies, are or may be raised, levied,

collected, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, as fully and etfedtually, to

all Intents and Purpol'es, as if the several Clauds, Powers,. Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating

thereto, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act; and such Duty

shall, under such Management, be subject to the Payment of the Salaries of the Officers and other incidental

Charges of the Port, and the Rtfidue be paid to the Receiver-general of the Customs in England for the

Time being, to be paid by him into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, under the Head of Consoli-

dated Customs.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever

shall be exported from the said Islands called Turk's Jjlands, to any Pan: of his Majesty’s Dominions in

America or the West Indies, or shall be loaden or laid on board any Ship or Veftll in the said Islands called

Turk's I/iands, for that Purpose, except Salt; and that no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be ex-

ported from the said Islands called Turk's Islands, to Great Britain or Ireland, or shall be loaden or laid 0:1

board any Ship or Vefitl in the said Islands for that Purpose, except Salt, and also except such Goods and

Commodities as may now, or may hereafter be by Law imported into this Kingdom from all other

Countries whatsoever, free of all Duties, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods or Com-

modities as shall be so exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of the Ship or Veiled in or on board of which

the fame shall be so exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel.

Tonnage Duty

to b- p.ifi before

any bait is put

on b ard any

Vefl-ls, and to

be under the

Management of

t he Com 0-i lon-

ers of 'ht C uf—

loins, &c.

No Gog<3%

tept Salt, to be

exported from

TurkV ifl'inda

to his

Domini »ns ir*

America or ti.c

Wtft indies

and no Goods to

be exported from

those Islands to

Great Britain or

Iieland, except

Salt, and futh

Article! as may by Law be imported from all Countries Duty-free, on Penalty of Forfeiture*

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine,

Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boats, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any

Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort,

shall be imported or brought into any island under the Dominion of his Majesty, in the IVeJl ladies (in

which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included), from any Island in

.the West Indies under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the

Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported or brought, together with

all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; any Law', Custom, or Usage to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, in case of publick Emergency or Distrcfs, for any

of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of any of the said

Islands in the West Indies, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice

and Consent of their respeiSIive Councils, to authorise the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine,

Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any

Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort,

for a limited Time, from any Island in the West Indies, under the Dominion of any foreign European So-

vereign or State, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said islands: And provided always. That such

Goods and Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British) Subjects,

and in British-buWt Ships, owned by his Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the

Penalty of the Forfeiture above mentioned.

British Sulj'fts

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatever

shall be imported from any of the Territories belonging to the said United States, into the Provinces of

Nova Scotia, or hk w Brunswick, or the Islands of Cape Breton, Saint John's, or Newfoundland, or into any

Country or Island within their respective Governments, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, to-

gether with the Ship or Vessel importing the lame, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and

Apparel.

XIII. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful, in case of publick Emergency or Distress* for

any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of the Pro-

vinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunjunck, or of the Islands of Cape Breton, or Saint John's, with the

Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Scantling, Planks, Staves,

Heading Boards, Shingles, Hoops, or squared Timber of any Sort; Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs,

13 Poultry,

Tobacco, Sec.

import d Into

any British from

any foreign

Weftl ndia ’fbnd

to be forfeited,

with the Vdid.

Sec,

In Cafes of

Emergency the

Governors of

the British Weft

Irdia Island*,

with Consent of

their Council,

may authorise

the Importa-

tion of Pi ch.

Sic. from so-

reign iflandi, iF

imported by

in British Ships*

Gocda imported

from the United

States in o Nova

Scotia, See. to be

forfeited with

the Vessels, &c.

In case of

Emergency the

Covern- rs of

Nova Scotia,&c*

with the Con-

lent of their

Ccuncil, may

