The TITLES of

6. An Act for vetting the Real Estate of Thomas Reads

• Esquire, and Elizabeth Reads his Daughter, situate in

Shirbum, Brittvuell, S a dome, Lswknor, Slokenchurch, and

Kingft on Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl

of Macclesfield, and his Heirs, and for settling another Real

Estate of the {aid Earl, of greater Value, in liou thereof,

and in Exchange for the fame, in Manner therein men-

tioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields or

Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the

County of Derby,

8. An AcI for dividing and inclosing the several Common

and Open Fields, Meadows, Partuifes, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, apd the

Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of

Dreinton, Lea, and Amsrton, all within the Manor of

ChartUy, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Ati for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the

Parish or Lordship of Humberfione, in the County of

Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods,

Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and

other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of

Headbourn Worthy, \n the County of Southampton•

U. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the

Parish of Bradwelly in the County of Bucks.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Heaths,Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within {be Manor and Parish of Wandon,otherwise Woven-

don, in the County of Bucks.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of

Filey otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the

County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within

the Lordship or Liberty of Mouficy, in the County of

Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable

Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or

Lord ship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the

City of York.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and

Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfrey Hintze.

i&. An Act for diverting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of

the Tracts of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble

Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the fame in

another Trustee, upon the fame Trusts, and with the like

Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of

Release of the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be

performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late

Hugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, lituate in the Borough of

Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Cornwall, in

Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Bajfit Ba-

ronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Elljha Bifcoe Esquire, to grant Build-

ing Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his

late Father Ellfba Bifcoe Esquire, deceased.

the STATUTES.

21. An Act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley Esquire, and

the future Tenants for Life of the Estates deviled by the

Will of Bowyer Adderley Esquire, to grant Building and

Repairing Leases thereof.

22. An Act for confirming and establifiling an Exchange

agreed upon between the Reverend Philip rulefion. Doc-

for in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of Ruahon, in the

County of Denbigh, and Sir Watkin Williams Winn Baro-

net, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the

said Parish.

23. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William

Chafin Clerk, in the Counties of Do?ft and IFiIts, for

Faying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other

urpofcs.

24. An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments be-

tween the Trustees of a Charity Estate 111 Hesfiewood,

in the Parish of Hesfle, in the County of the Town

of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinjon Pease

Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting certain. Freehold Estates, devised

by the Will of Sir George Amyand Baronet, deceased, in

Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money,

arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors,

Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, tathc

like Uses.

26 An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain

Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William GoJJip

Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom irr-

making Repairs on the fame Estates, and laying out the

Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the

feme Uses..

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of fame*

Templer Esquire, in the County of Devon, in him and his

Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value ir*

the feme County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Erringtcn-

Esquire,. with Harriet Coren his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and* for other Purposes therein men-

tioned

29. AruAft for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships

or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lin-

coln.

30. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Com-

mon and Waste Ground, call'd Cafilemartin Coife, within

the Manor and Parish of Cafilemartin, in the County of

Pembroke.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the

County of Northampton.

32. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the

several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and-

Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gtoucefier, (ex-

cept Mangotsfield Common, Emerfons Green, and Finney

Green), and for vesting the said Commons and Waste

Grounds in Charles Bragge Esquire, Lord of the said

Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and.'

for securing a Rent Charge ifilling out of the fame for the

Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable

. Fields, and a’so certain Commons and Waste Lands, within

the Townships ofKirkbymoorfide, Fadmoor, and G ilia moor,

in the Parish of Kirkbymoorfide, in the North Riding of the.

County of York.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open-

and Common Fields, Common Meadows,. Common Paf-

turesy

