A. D. 1787. Anno viccflmo septimo Georgii III. C. 1. 25,

such Adh'cn of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, as aforesaid, shall and may, upon full and sufficient

Proof of the Offence, in the Manner in and by ne laid recited Att directed, order such Offender to be lent

to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Suddens of the Peace tar the

County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the said Offence was committed 5 and the Justices, at fu.cn

Sefficwns, shall enter upon the Examination of the Cafe, and proceed therein according to the Directions of

the said recited Act of ,the seventeenth Year of his said late Majesty ; and all Justices of the Peace, Mayors,

Bailiffs, Constabies, Heaoberoughs, and other his Majesty’s Civil Odicers, within their rdpedlive Jurii-

didfions, are hereby impowered and itridlly required to use their utmoit Endeavours to prevent the com-

mitting of any of the Offences aforesaid, by all lawful Ways and Means ; and shall be, and arc hereby in-

demnified for any Thing done in Execution of this Act

li e n*xt Quarter

SetTiuni,

From thepaffinr?

of this A&, the

PolftHor of a

whole Ticket

may insure if,

by a written

Ag^eement, for

it* own Value.

When an In-

and Vagabonds within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, not hereby altered, shall be applied and

■carried into Execution in relation to the Persons hereby declared to be Rogues and Vagabonds, as fully, to

2ll Intents and Purposes, as if the tame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Funilhments, and Frovi-

fions, and every of them, had severally and respectively been re-enacted in thi^Adh

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Day

on which this Act shall receive his Majesty’s Royal Assent, it shall and may be lawful for any Person, ac-

tually possessed of any whole undrawn Ticket, in any Lottery now established, or hereafter to be established

by Law in Great Britain^ to make, or cause to be made, any Insurance on his or her 'Ticket, for the indem-

nifying himself or herself against: any Lo»s which he or she may sustain by adventuring in the said Lottery for

or by reason of Inch Ticket, so as every Contract or Agreement for such Insurance be reduced into Writing

(without being subject to any of the Duties under the Management of the Com mi (Toners of Stamps) before

The Time of such Ticket being drawn in the said Lottery; and so as the Name of the Possessor of such

Ticket at the Time of such Insurance, the Number thereof, the Lottery to which such Ticket shall belong,

and the Amount of the Premiums received thereon, be respectively infested and expressed in such Agreement;

and so as every fuel) Insurance be made upon a whole 'Picket or whole Tickets only, on Condition to pay

the full Amount or Value thereof, and not otherwise ; any Thing contained in this Abb, or in the said Act of

the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his pi dent Majesty, For Ucenjing Lottery Office Keeperx, and regu-

lating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, to the contrary thereof notwithftamfing. /

V. Provided always, That no such Insurance shall be for a less 'Time than shall then remain of the Draw-

ing of the said Lottery; and that every such Ticket so insured shall be deposited,by the Person so insuring the France is madr,

fame, in an Office established, or to be established, by the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon it/nJ,ftrt*forthc

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the 'Time being, for the Deposit of "Tickets intended to be sold *ai‘n*n{r of*he"

in Shares, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Drawing; and

An Act for hcenfing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets ; and shall be there left the Ticket muil

•with the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by be deponed with

him to receive the same, and who is and are hereby authorised and required to receive the same : Provided

also, That every such Ticket so deposited may be assignable, together with such Insurance. StampVutie*,or

some Person appointed by him to receive it. Tickets and Insurance* assignable.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons Persons not duly

whatsoever, not being duly licensed under the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, shall, from and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty’s Royal Assent, grant,

ligo, or underwrite any Agreement for any such Insurance as aforesaid, or shall take or receive any

Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, every such Person or Persons,

not duly licensed as aforesaid, {hall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in-

Hidted on Persons keeping Lottery Offices without the Authority of such Licence by the said Act of the

twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or by this Act, to be levied and recovered, inflated,

applied, and carried into Execution, as in and by this Act is diredeed, and according to the true Intent and

Aleaning thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

liable to be prosecuted lor any Offence against this Act, or such Parts of the lie rein-before mentioned Acts,

or any of them, as touch and concern Lotteries, by both the Ways by this Act prescribed; nor shall any

Person against whom any Action, Suit, or Information, for the Recovery of a pecuniary Penalty, hath

been commenced and carried on with Effect, be liable to Imprisonment as a Rogue and Vagabond under

this Act for the fame Offence ; and that where any Person shall be convicted and sentenced to imprisonment

as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act, such Person shall hot be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any

pecuniary Penalty for the fame Offence.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons shall

be subject or liable to any Prosecution before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any Offence against

the herein-before mentioned Acts, touching and concerning any Lottery now eftabiifticd, of heretofore eita-

blished in this Kingdom, unless information thereof shall have been made on or before the fifth Day of Fe-

bruary y one thousand (even hundred and eighty-seven.

has been made before Feb. 5, 1787,

IX. And be it further enacted. That all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and F Or- His Majesty’s

feitures, and Sums of Money, which shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and which shall

be received by any Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the

Receiver General of the Stamp Office for the'Time being, who shall keep a separate and distindt Account

L 1 2 thereof.

licensed making

Insurance*, lia-

ble to the Penal-

ties of keeping

unlicensed Lot.

tery Offices.

Offenders not

to be liable to

Prosecution* for

pecuniar) Penal-

ties. and also as

Vagabonds:

Nor before a

Justice for Of-

fences respecting

Lotteries already

e;UWiffied, un-

Ufa Information

Share ot Penal^

ties to be paid

to the Receivers

General < f the

S;ani£> Office.

