A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo G e orgii III. C. 38. 457

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall express and contain the Name and Re-,

fidence of the Person and Persons to whom the fame shall be granted, and the Names and Situations of the

Islands to and from which any such live Sheep or Lambs shall and may be thereby moved, transported, car-

ried, or exchanged; and every such Licence shall continue in force until a Forfeiture shall be made of the

last aforesaid Bond; which said Bond, and a Copy of every such Licence,-shall be sent, by the Justice or

Officer who shall take or grant the fame, within one Month next after the receiving of such Bond or granting

such Licence respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Edinburgh.

Licence to con-

tain the Nam:

of the Perf'on r#

whom grant:d.

See. and to con-

tinue in force

till the Bund be

forfeited.

Bond and Copy of Licence to be sent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Edinburgh.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who

shall, from and after the passing of this Act, directly or indirectly carry, export, transport, or otherwise

convey, or cause or procure to be carried, exported, transported, or otherwise conveyed out of the King-

dom of Great Britain, or out of or from the said Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or

out of or from any of them, into any Parts or Places out of the Kingdom or Isles aforesaid, any Wool what-

soever of the Growth of the Kingdom or of the Isles aforesaid, or any Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortiings,

Yarn or Worsted made of Wool, Woolflocks, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, or other Manufactures, or

pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, foas the fame may

b€ reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, or Mattrafles of Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool

(it for combing or carding, or any Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, and also all and

every Owner and Owners of any Ship or other Vessel, and all and every Owner and Owners of every Horse

or other Bead of Burthen, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, upon which any Sheep, Wool, or other Articles

before enumerated, and hereby prohibited from Exportation, shall be exported, transported, carried or con-

veyed, packed or loaded, with an Intent to be exported, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assist-

ing, or consenting thereunto, and also every Master and Commander, and Mariner of or in such Ship or

other Vessel wherein any such Wool or other Articles aforesaid, and which are hereby prohibited from be-

ing exported, shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on board as aforesaid,

with any such Intent or Purpose as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or con-

fenting thereunto, and also every Fador or Servant, or other Person whatsoever, and every Collector, Cus-

tomer, Comptroller, Waiter, Searcher, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers whomsoever, knowing

thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or consenting thereunto, and who shall be thereof convicted,

shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence three Shillings fot every Pound Weight of such Wool, or other the

aforesaid enumerated Articles, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the Sum of fifty Pounds

of lawful Money of Great Britain in the Whole, at the Election of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the

fame, and shall also fufter solitary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Corredion of the County,

Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted,

for the Space of three Calendar Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until the Penalty in which he, (lie,

or they (nail be convicted shall be paid, so as the Whole of such Imprisonment for the Nonpayment of such

Penalty shall not exceed the Space of twelve Calendar Months; and in case of a further Conviction for or

upon a second or other subsequent Offence of the fame Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending shall,

upon-every second or other subsequent Conviction, forfeit and pay three Shillings for every Pound Weight

of such Wool and other Articles herein-before mentioned, and which are hereby prohibited from being

exported, or the Sum of -fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Election of the Person or

Persons who shall sue for the same, and shall also suffer solitary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House

of Corredion of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, wherein such Offender or Offenders

shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of six Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until

the Penalty in which he, she, or they shall convicted shall be paid, so as the Whole of such Imprisonment

for the Nonpayment of the Penalty which shall be incurred by such second or other subsequent Offence,

shall not exceed the Space of two Years; all which Laid several Forfeitures shall be for thq Benefit of the Per-

son or Persons who shall sue for the same; and the said Wool, and other the said herein-before enumerated

Articles, wtych shall be packed, loaded, removed, carried, conveyed, or shipped, with Intent to export the

■ feme, otherwise than under and according to the Restrictions and Regulations, and subject to the Powers

and Exceptions herein-after mentioned and expressed, shall, together with the Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or

Boat, Waggon, Cart, and other Carriage, Horses, or other Beaffs, on or by which any of the said hereby

prohibited Articles shall happen to be so loaded, carrying or conveying, shall be liable to be seized, and shall

become forfeited for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall seize the fame.

X. Provided alway$, and it is hereby declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

^deemed or construea to extend, to prohibit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from any Port in this

Kingdom to any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, in any Ship or Vellel which may

lawfully trade thither, so long as the Exportation thereof shall be allowed by virtue of an Act made and passed

in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the eleventh

Rule in the Book of Rales, so far as the fame relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of da ?n aged

Currants and Raijins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof;

and/or explaining the said Rule with respett to such Allowance for Damage on. other Goods; and to permit the

Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the Welt

Indies, for a limited Time; which said recited Act has been continued by several subsequent Acts of Par-

liament.

XI* And be it enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner and Owners of Wool, or

-any other the said herein-before enumerated Woollen and Worsted Articles, and which are hereby pro-

3 O a hibited

Persons convey-

ing Wool, &c.

out of Great Bri-

tain, or Jet fey,

See. Owners,&c.

of shipr, Carts,

Horses, Sec. or

Revenue Offi-

cer*, exporting,

or assisting in

the Exportation

of Sheep, Wool,

Sec. liable to

Penalties*

Penalties,

Forfeit Bret to

go to th* Persons

suing for them.

Wool, Sec. con-

veyed contrary

to this A£>, with

the Vessel, Ac.

so be forfeited.]

A& no* to ex-

tend to the Ex-

portation of To-

bacco-pipe Clay

to the British

Colonies in the ..

West Indies,

whileallowed by

17 Geo. 3. c.43*

If Woo!, Sec.

intended to be

feat Coastwise*

