A.D. I7&9* Anno vicesimo nono G e o r g i i III.

C.58.

575

VII. And be it further enacted. That for the Purposes hereby intended and herein-after expressed, the

/ever&l maritime Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England shall be divided into Dif-

tricSls, in the following Manner; (that is to say), The Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge shall be the

first Distridt; the County of Norfolk shall be the second District; the Counties of Lincoln and York shall be

the third District; and the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Town of Berwick upon

*Tiurcd, shall be the fourth District; the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland shall be the fifth Dif-

trudl ; the Counties of LancaJUr and Chester shall be the sixth District; the Counties of Flinty Denbigh,

ylnglefea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, shall be the seventh District ; the Counties of Cardigan, Pembroke,

Carmarthen, an d Glamorgan, shall be the eighth District; the Counties of Gloucc/ler, Somerft, and Mon-

mouth, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, shall be the ninth District; the Counties of Devon

and Cornwall shall be the tenth District; and the Counties of Dorjct and Hants shall be the eleventh Dif-

twcl ; and that in the several Counties forming the Distridls herein-before enumerated, shall, for the Pur-

poles of this Act, be included in, and be considered as Part thereof, all such several Cities, Towns, or

Places, within the said several Counties, as are Counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt or

peculiar Jurisdiction ; and the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties, at the General

Quarter Sessions to be held after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next ensuing, shall feiccl and

nominate a Number of principal Market Towns within each County or Riding respectively (such Num-

ber not being more than twelve, nor less than eight, and so as in no District the Number be less than

eight, except as herein-after is excepted), from which Towns so to be nominated, and from which several

Cities, Towns, or Places being Counties of themselves, or having or enjoying an exempt or peculiar

Jurisdiction, and being Sea Ports, the Price of Corn for such County, City, Town, or Place, shall be

taken in Manner hereafter directed: Provided always. That in such Counties where there shall not be

four Market Towns, the Prices of Corn for each such County shall be taken from every Market Town

within the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in that Part of the third District which consists

of the County of York, two Markets for the East Riding, and two Markets for the Nea th Riding, shall

be leledted and nominated for the Purpof.s of this Act by the Justices of each respective Riding ; and also,

that in the fifth District, confiding of the Counties of Cumberland and JVejhnor eland, it shall be lawful for

the Justices of each respective County to felcdt and nominate such Markets for the Purposes of this Act,

as they shall think fit, prpvided the Number does not exceed four lor the County of Cumberland, and two for

the County of IVcjhnovelamL

Westm Ireland such a Number as the Justices may think fit, not exceeding four for the former, and

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions assembled, shall,

and they are hereby authorifid and required to appoint, from amongst the Chief Constables, or such other

Persons as to them shall appear more expedient, within thetr respective Jurisdictions, one or more Person

or Persons, redding within or near each and every of the Towns so leledted and nominated as aforesaid, to

For the Purposes

of this Act, the

maritime Coun-

ties to be divided

into the District*

herein specified.

to the Receiver of Corn Returns appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the tenth Year of his present Ma

jelly’s Reign, intituled, An Aci for regiflering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the J'veral Comities of

Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, the weekly Prices and (Quantities of Corn and

Grain, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect therein, the Sum often Pounds; which Returns shall be

lodged with, and remain in the Custody of, the ibid Receiver of Corn Returns, fur the Purposes of this

Act; and the inspedtor or Inspectors of the Prices cf Corn and Grain aforesaid, Hull also return Duplicates

of such weekly Prices of Corn and Grain to the Collector or otr.er Chief Officer of the Customs, at all the

Ports within their respective Dillridts ; and such Collector or other Chief Officer shall cause a Copy

thereof to be hung up in foinc publick Place in tive CuTom House thereto belonging, to which all Perions

may freely re fort: Provided always. That no Miller, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person

buying Corn for Sale, (lull be capable of being appointed or of acting as an inspedtor under this Act; and

that the said Justices shall have Power to discharge any inspedtor or Inlpcdters appointed or to be appointed

as afore said, for Misbehaviour or Neglect, on Complaint being made before them, on Oath, by one or

more credible Witnesses or Witnesses, which Oath such Justices are hereby author it.-d to administer: Pro-

vided also, 'That in case of the Death, Discharge, or Resignation of any such Intoector or lnlbectors of the

Prices of Corn «md Grain in the several Dillridts, it shall be lawful to and for two Justices of the Peace

acting for the Division where such Vacancy shall happen, to appoint a fit and [-roper Person or Persons

in the Room or Place of such infjxrdlor or Inspectors so dying, or rciigning as aforesaid; which laid In-

spector or Inspedtc rs, so to be appointed, shall act in the Execution of the Duty appointed by this Act,

until the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace after the Appointment is made.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat every-Person appointed inspedtor of the

Pr ices of Corn and Grain as aforesaid shall, previous to his taking upon him the said Ofiic ’, take a.id

subscribe, before two Justices of the Peace for the Town, County, or Division, where such Inlpcctor ihail

relide, the following Oath (or, being of the People called Qjiakers, affirm); videlicet,

44 T A. B. dofwear [or affirm], That I will at all Times make due and true Returns to the Receiver of Oath.

44 Corn Returns appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of an Act passed in the tenth Year of his

44 present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for regiffering tie Prices at which Corn is fold in the several

44 Counties

Justices at the

next Michael-

mas Sessions to

fcleft a Number

of principal

Market Town*,

from which,

and the Sea

Ports having

peculiar Juris-

distions, the

Price of Corn

for each County

flull be taken.

Two Market*

for the East;

Riding and two

for ti c Ncnh

Riding of York-

shire to be fc-

lc&e I, and for

Cumt eland and

two for the Jatie

Quarter Session*

to appoint Per-

fons to collect

weekly Account*

of Corn at the

several Towns

so felefled, who

are to make Re-

turn* to the

Receiver of

Com Reiurnv,

on Penalry of

10 1.1

and transmit

Diiplita?i-s to

the Cc!!eftor of

the Customs at

the Ports w-ithin

thr-ir rcrpe^i?e

Distn^t*.

No Mi Per, &c.

to an in-

spedtor.

Inrpc<5t<rs

he Jr (charged.

Vacancies may

be fil'rd up by

two Justices.

Inspectors to

take ibc follow-

ing

