166

Persons ooentng

Picka?M after

being (<e led by

the Officer, to

forfeit xo 1.

If packing if

n>t begin in

an Hour after

Notice, a fresh

Notice must be

given.

Notice also to be

given of the

Time of ship—

ping,

and Security

that the Glass

shall not be re-

landed in Bri-

tain, dee.

Certificate to be

given by the

Officer, which

if to entitle the

Exporter to the

Drawback.

Officer may ex-

amine Pack-

ages.

If G!aft be re-

hnded, to be

forfeited.

91 Geo* 3. c.14.

recited in Part.

Stamp* denoting

Payment of Du-

ties to be taken

off Paper on Ex-

portation. and

Persons ob-

C. 77.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. I>. 1786.

such Package,or wilfully destroy or deface such Seal or Mark, or Seals or Marks (save and except the Of-

ficer of Excise at the Port of Exportation, as herein-after mentioned), every Person so offending shall forfeit

and !ofe the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and the Officer or Officers who (aw the said Glafe

packed up shall take an Account of the Kind and Quantities of the said Glass so intended to be exported, and

make a Return thereof to the Officer who shall be appointed by such Commissioners, or the major Part of

them, to receive the same at the Port of Exportation, without any Fee or Reward for so doing: Provided

always. That if the Person or Persons, so intending to pack up such Glass, shall not begin and proceed to

pack up the lame at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time, then such

Notice shall be void ; and such Person or Persons, so intending to pack up such Glass, shall be obliged to give

a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers, of the Time and Place when and where such Glais is intended

to be packed up in order to be exported ; and the Person or Persons, so intending to export such

Glass, shall also give fix Hours Notice of the Time and Place of shipping such Glass, unto the Officer of

Excise of the Place where the fame shall be shipped, who shall attend and fee the fame put on Ship-board;

and the Exporter of the said Glass shall also, before the shipping the fame, give sufficient Security, to be ap-

proved by the respeSive Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them, or the Person appointed by

them, or the major Part of them respeSively, for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty intended to

be drawn back, that the particular Quantity of Glass so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof,

shall be shipped and exported, and shall not oe unshipped, unloaded, or laid on Land, or put on board any

other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted; which Secu-

rity the Officer of Excise of the Port where the said Glass shall be exported is hereby direSed to take, in his

Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty’s Use; and the said Exporter shall make Oath, that he believes the

Duties upon the Materials whereof such Glass is made, had been fully paid, and that such Glass is the fame

that is described in the Account sent as aforesaid by the Officer in whose Presence the fame was packed, to the

Officer attending the Shipping (which Oath the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer appointed by the

said respeSive Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose, is hereby authorised to admi-

nifter); and the said Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer aforesaid, and the Officer who attended the

shipping the said Glass, being satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall, within one Month after the Exportation

of the said Glass, give to the Exporter, or his/her, or their Clerk or Manager, a Certificate or Debenture,

expressing the Quantities and Kinds of such Glass so shipped, and that all the Duties have been paid in re-

foeS of the fame, and that Security hath been given before the shipping the fame, for the due exporting the

fame; and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of the Port where the said Glass

was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Persons so exporting the fame, or their Agent, such Draw*

back or Allowance as by the said AS, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty*s Reign, is given

or allowed unon the Exportation to foreign Parts, by way of Merchandize, of the several and respeSive

Species of Glass in the said AS mentioned; and if such Col leSor shall not have Money in his Hands to

pay the fame, then the respeSive Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the (kid

Drawback or Allowance out of the Duties upon Materials used in the making Glass.

IV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the shipping such Glais, if be

thinks it necessary, to open or examine such Glass at the Port of Exportation, inprder that he may be satis-

fied that such Glass is the fame that is described in the Account sent to him by the Officer in whose Presence

the said Glass was packed : Provided also, That if after the shipping any such Glass, and the giving such

Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid in relpeS there-

of, the lame Glass, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other

Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted), that then, and

in every fgch Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Ma-

jesty’s Use, all the said Glass which shall be lo urtshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other

Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted), or the Value

thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

4 V. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled. An

4 Afifor repealing the present Duties upon Paper. Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great

* Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof), it was enaSed, That the Officer attending to charge

* the Duties upon Paper, mould (lamp or mark each and every Ream and Bundle of Paper, by affixing there-

4 on such Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, as the respeSive Commissioners of Excise should direS or

4 appoint for that Purpose: And whereas by the said AS, a Drawback of the Duties, by the said AS granted,

4 is allowed upon the Exportation of Paper to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize: And where-

4 as also by the said AS it is provided, that if, after the shipping of any such Paper, and the giving or tendering

4 such Security as is by the said AS lequired, in order to obtain the Drawback therein mentioned, the feme,

4 or any Part thereof, should be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Cafe, over

4 and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be recovered and levied to his Majesty’s Use, all the said

4 Paper which shall be so relanded, or the Value thereof, should be forfeited: And whereas it might tend to

4 prevent the relandingfuch Paper in Great Britain, if the Marks, Stamps, Impressions, or Devices, denot-

4 ing the charging the Duties upon such Paper, were to be taken off from every Bundle or Ream of Paper in-

4 tended to be exported before the fame should be packed up in order to be exported ;’ be it therefore enaSed

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-six, it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise, who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up in order

to be exported, and he is hereby required to take off, or cause to be taken off^ or to fee taken off, all and

every the Marks, Stamps, Impressions, or Devices affixed on every Ream or Bundle of such Paper intended

to be packed up in order to be exported, from every Ream or Bundle of such Paper before the same is pack-

... 2. cd

