64

Appeal may be

tttiie to the

Quarter Scfiioni.

Witnesses ne.

glebing to at-

tend, forfeit 40

Shillings#

Form of Con*

tiftioa.

Penalties may

be mitigated.

No Conviction

Hull be removed

by Certiorari.

Duties to be paid

to the R eceiver

General for

Stamp*, and by

him paid into

the Ezchiqurr.

Auditor to keep

a fepaute Ac-

count of the'

Monies, which

shall be carried

to the Sinking

Fund.

HU Majestp*

Shares of Pe-

nalties to be paid

to the said Re-

ceiver, and paid

by h’m into the

Exchequer an-

nually 00 Aug, 1;

C. 49. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

thereof to the Informer or Informers who {hall prosecute for the fame, and the other Moiety (the necessary

Charges for the Recovery thereof being fit ft deducted, shall be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, in the Manner herein before directed, and tea award and iilue out his Warrant, under his

Hand and Seal, for the levying any such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the

Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three Days, ren-

dering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found fudicient

to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months,

unless fuen pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and fetished; and if any Person or Persons shall find

himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Just ice, then he, she, or they shall

and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with

such Costs as fhairbe awarded, -in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justice* of the Peace

at the next General Quarter Sections for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place wherein the

Offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and

finally to hear and determine the fame j and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be law-

ful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them

shall fcem meet.

XXX. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be

summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace touch-

ing any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Per-

fons accused, and shall neglect or rufufe to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed,

without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice

or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall

forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such

Means, as is herein before directed as toother Penalties.

XXaI. And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid. That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convidtea as aforesaid,

shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of

Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis: which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and

Purposes whatsoever, without Hating the Cafe, or the Fads or Evidence in any more particular Manner,

(that is to (ay);

44 TJE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

44 ,11 in the County of A. B. of

44 was convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing

44 near to the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on the Day

u of nowlaft paid did [here jtate the Offence against the yft?], contrary to the Form of the

44 Statute in that Cafe made and provided: And I do declare and adjudge. That he, the said A. B. hath

forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence afore-

44 said; which Sum of I do hereby mitigate to the Sum of

44 [here state the mitigated Penalty if nccessary\ to be distributed as the Law directs.

4C Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall

fee Cause, to mitigate and leifen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs of the Officers and

Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed, over and above

such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penal-

ties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of

Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into

any Court whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before

granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of

the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of

the fcVeral Rates and Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising,-paying, and accounting

for the fame being deduded) iruo the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the

Duties now charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all

the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall

be entered separate and apart from all other Monies, paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid,

shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called Tl?e Sinking Fund, and shall be appli-

cable to the same Uses and Purposes as the said Sinking Fund is, or by Law may be applicable unto.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-six, all such Penalties or Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, as shall be

due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by virtue of this Adtf shall, from Time to

Time, be paid into the Hands of the said Receiver General (or some other Person to be authorised by the

said Comraissioners for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to receive the same), who shall keep

a ieparate

