A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo Teptimo Georoip III. C. 28. 359

For every square Foot, superficial Measure, of Plate Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from

Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the said above recited* A6K made in this

Session or Parliament, imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to

foreign Parts, the Sum of one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater or

lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, or Enamelled, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, which

(hull be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the

said Ail, made in this Session of Parliament, imposed in reflect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported

as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of one Pound and nine Shillings; and so in Proportion for any

greater or lesser Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass (commonly called or known by the Name of

Bread GlaJ's) which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which

the Duties by the said Act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize

to foreign'Parts, the Sum of eight Shillings and one Penny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether ffashed or

otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German

Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which

the Duties by the said Act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to

foreign Parts, the Sum of nineteen Shillings and ten Pence; and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser

Quantity :

Tor every Hundred Weight of common Bottles (the fame not being Phials), and of Vessels made use of

in chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils made of common

Bottle Metal, which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for

which the Duties by the said Act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Mer-

chandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of four Shillings and one Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater

or lesser Quantity:

For every fquara

Foot of PJate

Glass, 1». y<S~

% q.

For every Cvt»

of Flint Glafo

Acc. 11. 9 f.

For every- Cwt.

of Broad Gl&if,

8a# 1 d.

For every CwU

of Crown or

German Sheet

Cleft, ftc. 19 a.

10 d.

For every Cwt*

of common

Bottle*, 4 a. oi.

aq*

Which said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by the said Act made in this

Session of Parliament imposed, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and

ProviTions, contained and provided in and by an Act, made in the twenty>sixth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty (intituled, An Act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Car-

riages by the Commissioners of Excise \ and also on llorfes, Waggon', Wains, and Carts, by the CommiJJtoners of

Stamps; and for the Amendment offever a I Laws rt fating to the Duties under the Management of the Commis-

Jianers of Excise), concerning the Exportation of Glass.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the Duty of Excise, now charge-

able and payable for or in respe«£t of any Materials or Metal or other Preparations made use of in Great Bri-

tain, in the making of Cast Plate Glass, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at and

after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny per Hundred Weight for all Cast Plate

Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and w.nch shall be ftjuared into Plates of a Superficies not left

than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five Inches, and of a 1 hicknefs according to their Superficies, as

hereiiwftc* mentioned and described.

HowDrawbarbc

are to be paid.

In lien if the

present Duty of

Excise, fbero

shall be paid at

the Rate of 1 1.

I 1. 5<J. aq«

for eteryCwt. of

Cast PLte GUfa

made in Great Britain of the Dinrenfions herein def ribed.

VI. And be if further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Thickness of all such Cast Plates of

Glass shall be as herein-after is mentioned ; that is to say, ten twentieth Parts of an Inch at the lead in Thick-

nefs, if the superficial Content of such Plate shall be six thousand one hundred and forty-seven square Inches,

and upwards; nine twentieth Parts <3f an Inch at the least in Thickness, if the superficial Content of such

Plate shall he under six thousand one hundred and forty seven, and not less than five thousand two hundred

and fifteen square Inches ; eight twentieth Parts of an Inch at the least in Thickness, if the fuj>erficial Con-

tent of such Plate shall be under five thousand two hundred and fifteen, and not less than four thousand two'

hundred and eighty-two square Inches ; seven twentieth Parts of an Inch at the lead: iri Thickness, if the

superficial Content of such Plate shall be under four thousand two hundred and eighty-two, and not less than

three thousand three hundred and fifty square Inches ; fix twentieth Parts of an Inch at the least in Thickness,

if the superficial Content of such Plate foall be under three thousand three hundred and fifty, and not Ids than

two thousand four hundred and seventeen square Inches ; and five twentieth Parts of an Inch at the least in

Thickness, if the superficial Content shall be under two thousand four hundred and seventeen, and notlcfe.

than one thousand (our hundred and eighty-five square Inches.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Cast

Plate Glass shall, before he, (he, or they shall begin to draw any Cast Plate Glass out of his, her, or their

Annealing Arch, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, fix

Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twelve Hours

'Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention to draw any Cast Plate

Glass out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch ; and such Officer shall attend to fee such Cast Plate Glass

drawn out of the Annealing Arch ; and such Maker or Makers shall immediately, on any such Cast Plate

Glass being so drawn out of the Annealing Arch in the Presence of such Officer, proceed to square all such

Cast Plate Glass; and such Cast Plfcte Glass, immediately 00 the fame being so squared, shall, together with

the Cullett arising from the (quaring thereof, be weighed in the Presence of such Officer; and if any such

M aker

Of whit Pro*

p< rtion Cro»n

Plate G alamnft

be in Thitknefs

to its fupcrhcixl

Come n is.

Notice of fFfTn-

tentico to draw

Cast Piste Glass

Out of the e n-

ntalirp Arch to

be *ii tn to the

Officer, tec.

