To whom the

Dutie* for Li-

cences are to b«

paid.

A.D.I7°9. Anno vicesimo nono G eorgii III. C. 68. 613

or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight, and

shall not have exceeded one hundred and fitly thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of twenty Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture To-

bacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture accord-

ing to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Lay of Ochber previous to his, her, or

their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded one hundred and silty thousand Pounds Weight:

And the Sum of five Shillings for each such Licence to authorise him, her, or them to deal in Tobacco

and Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of

Edinburgh; and the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for cadi such Licence to authorise the Person or

Periops to whom the fame shall be granted to deal in Tobacco and Snuff in any other xTit of Great Britain*

out of the said respective Limits.

LX XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid for

such Licences respectively shall be paid for such respective Licences to such herfons ns are herein-after in that

Behalf respectively mentioned; (that is to say,) Such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be

granted to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and

Snuif, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excile in

London; and such thereof as shall be paid for such Licences which shall be granted to authorise any Person

or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Limits of the

City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be

paid for such Licences respectively which shall be granted to authorise any rerlon or Persons to manufacture

1 obacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, in any Part of Great Britain out of the said respective

Limits, shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such respective Licences.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or

deal in Tobacco or Snuff, after the Expiration of twelve Months from the l ime of taking out any such

Licence as aforesaid* unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence, in the Manner herein-

before directed, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out such

former Licence, and so in like Manner from Year to Year; and that if any Person or Persons shall manu-

facture Tobacco or Snuff without first taking out a Licence, and renewing the fame yearly, as herein-before

in that Behalf direCied, he, she, or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of two hundred

Pounds; and that if any Person or Persons shall deal in Tobacco or Snuff, without first taking out a Li-

cence, and renewing the fame yearly, as is herein-before in that Behalf direCteJ, he, she, or they shall, for

each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXIII. Provided always. That no Person or Persons to whom any Licence shall be granted according

to the Directions of this Act, to authorise him, her, or them to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, shall be

obliged to take out any Licence to authorise him, her, or them to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, or either of

them, so that such Person or Persons shall not at any Time fell any Tobacco in a less Quantity than four

Pounds Weight, or any Snuff in a less Quantity than two Pounds Weight, any Thing herein-before con-

tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Licer cps to Ye

icncwtd yearly.

Penalty on not

taking cut, or

not renewing

Licence*

LXXIV. Provided also, That Persons manufacturing Tobacco or Snuff, or dealing in Tobacco or

Snuff, in Partnership, and in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one

Licence in any one Year for manufacturing Tobacco and Snuff, or for dealing in Tobacco and Snuff; and

that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall authorise or empower any Person or

Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco or Snuff, in any other House, Ware-'

house, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, than such Houses, Warehoules, Work-

houses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the

Office of Excise, in the Names of such Person or Persons, according to the Directions of this Act, ac the

Time of granting such Licence.

LXXV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to

extend, to make any Person or Persons liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for or by reason of the

Sale of unmanufactured Tobacco, or for or by reason of the Sale of any Snuff, whilst such Tobacco or

Snuff shall be and remain in the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the fame shall be deposited, lodged,

and secured, according to the Directions of this Act.

Snuff while ibey remain in the K!

Mtnofaduren

not felling To-

bacco in left

Quantiti~a th'n

4lb. and Snuff

than zlb. need

not take out

Licence* aa

Dealera.

On- Licence

sufficient for a

Partnership in

rne House,

Lite-.ces n -t to

au'hofifc the

nnnur’;<ftu”ng

ToDjcc «, Arc. in

any ohc-r than

the Plate ori-

g nally emcrei!.

No Person to be

liable to < enilfy

for Sale of ua-

manut ‘Ctur-d

To1-

!________V

LXXVI. Provided atfo. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to Tobicco Stales

extend, to make any Stianish Cutter or Snuff Miller liable to the said Penalty of two hijndred Pounds for

or by reason of such Spanijix Cutter’s manufacturing any Tobacco Stalks into Spanish, or for or by reason entered2

of such Snuff Miller’s grinding any Tobacco Stalks for 7'obacco Stalk Flour into Tobacco Stalk Flour, Miiii, on Ac-

or any Snuff* Work into Snuff, provided such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, count of i.ther

and Snuff Work respectively, so respectively manufactured and ground, shall be so manufactured and Rented Manu-

fground at legal entered Mills, for or on Account of any other Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, duly ^Veicgl'iy re-

icensed according to the Directions of this Act, and provided such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Cf;ved such To-

Tobacco Stalk Hour, and Snuff Work respectively, shall have been duly received by such Spanish Cutter bacco Suik«,

or Snuff Miller respectively, by legal Permit from such other Manufacturer or Manufacturers, for the lolc

Purpose of manufacturing or grinding the fame as aforesaid$ any Thing herein-before contained to the

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4 L a LXXVII. And

