204

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786

C. 89.

Preamble,

rrcitinf *5 Geo.

}. c. 67.

from July io,

1786, such Tools

used in the Iron

and Steel Manu-

factures,&c. may

be exported, as

might have been

bstore parting

recited Art, ex-

cept the Articles

bciein specified.

No Person to

have in Ported,

lion, with intent

toeip^rt (except

to Ireland) any

of the Arti- lea

he ein specified.

Recited Art so

far as relates to

Exporters of Ar-

ticles therein

enumerated, to

extc id to Ex-

porters of Ar-

ticles specified

in this Art.

Continuance of

this Art,

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act, made in

the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit

the Exportation to foreign Parts of Pools arid Utensils. wade use of in the Iron and Steel Ma~

nufafhires (f this Kingdom \ and to prevent the /educing of Artificers or Workmen, emplyed

in those Alanufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

4 \ X 7 HEREAS by an Act, passed in the la ft St (lion of Parliament (intituled, An Act to prohibit the

Exportation to foreign Parts of Pools and Utcnji 's made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of

4 this Kingdom; and to prevent the feducin [ of Artificers or (Vorkm n emplo y.v/ in those Manufactures, to go into Parts

4 beyond the Seas)) it was, amongst other Tnings, enacted, That if any Peifonor Persons in Great Britain should,

4 upon any Pretence whatever, export, load, or put on board, or pack, or caute or procure to be laden, put on

4 beard, or packed, in order to be laden or put on board of any Ship or Vehcl which should be bound to lbme

4 Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas (except to Ireland); or should lade, or cause or procure to be laden,

4 on board any Boat or other Vessel, or should bring, or cause to be brought, to any Quay, Wharf, or other

4 Place, in order to be so laden or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, any Tool or Utensil therein particu-

4 lally mentioned, or any 01 her Tool or Utensil whatever, which then were, or at any Time or Times there-

4 after should or might be used in, or proper for the preparing, working, finishing, or completing of the Iron or

4 Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, or either of them, by what Name or Names soever the fame should be

4 called or known; or any Model or Plan, or Models or Plans, of any such Tool, Utenlil, or implement, or

4 any Part or Parts thereof; the Person or Persons so offending should, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all

4 such Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed

4 therewith: And whereas the general Prohibition of the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of

in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom may be productive of Inconvenience ;* be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix, it lnall and

may be lawful to export from Great Britain to the British Islands in the Ifejl Indies, or to any other foreign

Part or Place whatever, any Tools or Utensils made tile of in the Iron or Steel Manufactures of this King-

dom, which might have been legally exported before the parting of the before recited Act (except the several

Articles herein after particularly enumerated; that is to say. Rollers, either plain, grooved, or. of any other

Form or Denomination, of cart Iron, wrought Iron, or Steel, for the rolling of Iron, or any Sort of Me-

tals, and Frames, Beds, Pillars, Screws, Pinions, and each and every Implement, Tool, or Utenlil there-

unto belonging; Rollers, Slitters, Frames, Beds, Pillars, and Screws for Slitting Mills; Prefles of all

Sorts in Iron, Steel, or other Metals, which are used with a Screw exceeding one Inch and a Half in Dia-

meter; or any Parts of these several Articles, or any Model or Models of any of the before mentioned

Utensils, Implements, and Machines, or any Part or Parts thereof; and all Sorts of Utensils, Engine*, or

Machines used in the carting or boring of Cannon, or any Sort of Artillery, or any Parts thereof, or any

Adodel or Models of Tools, Utensils, Engines, or Machines used in carting or boring of Cannon, or any

Sort of Artillery, or any Parts thereof; Hand rtamps, Dog-head Stamps, Pulley Stamps, Hammers and

Anvils for Stamps, Prelles of all Sorts called Cutting-out Prcffcs, Beds and Puncnes to be used therewith;

Piercing PretVes of all Sorts, Beds and Punches to be used therewith, either in Parts or Pieces, or fitted to-

fether; Scoring or Shading Engines, Prelies for Horn Buttons, Dies for Horn Buttons, Rolled Metal with

ilver thereon, Parts of Buttons not fitted up into Buttons, or in an unhnished State; Engines for Chafing,

Stocks for carting Buckles, Buttons, and Rings; Die-linking Fools of all Sorts, Engines for making

Button Shanks, Laps of all Sorts, Tools for pinching of Gluis, Engines for covering 6f Whips, Bars of

Metals covered with Gold or Silver, Burnishing Stones commonly called Bhod Stines, either in the rough

State or tinished for Use); any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any-w.fe notwithstanding.

IT And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That, from and after the tenth Day of July

one thous.md seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, in the Kingdom

of Great Britain, to export to Parts beyond the Seas (except to Ireland), or to' have in his or their Pof-

session with the Intent so ro export, any of the 'Tools and Utensils herein after mentioned; that is to say.

Wire Moulds for making Paper; Wheels made of Metal, Stone, or Wood, for cutting, roughing, smooth-

ing, polifning, and engraving Glass; Purcellas, Pincers, Sheers, and Pipes, used in blowing Glals; Potters

W heels and Potters Lathes for plain, round, and for Engine-turning Tools, used by Sadlers, Harnds-

makers, and Bridle-makers, namely, Cantle-straioers, Side-drainers, Point-rtrainers, Creating-irons.

Screw creators, Wheel-irons, Seat-irons, Pricking-irons, Bolltering-irons, Clams, Head-knives; and

that the said recited Act, so far as the fame concerns the Exporters or Poileilbrs of the 'Tools and Utensils

therein enumerated or described, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to all and every the Exporters or

Port’d tors of the Tools and Utensils herein enumerated or described, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of

Parliament, and no longer.

CAP.

