4i 6

into and fm/n

the British Co-

|nnt«jin Ame-

rica.

Si moch of 19

Gro, 2. c. 34. as

rrUres to the

further Punifo-

ment of Per Tons

going armed, &c.

in defim-e of

the Laws of

CoAotm,&c. and

to the Relief of

Officers in In-

formations upon

Seimrer, con-

tinued to Sept.

*9>

a 1 Geo. j.t. 77.

for the more ef-

fectual Encou-

ragement of the

Manufactures of

Flax and Cot-

ton, further

continued for

two Yearr, &c.

So much of 16

Ceo. 3.C. 37. as

relards to allow-

ing the Export-

ation of certain

Quantities of

Wheat, &c. to

his Majesty*

Sugar Colonies

in America j

and so much of

*5 Geo. 3. c. 69.

as relates to al-

lowing the Ex-

portation of a

certain Quantity

of Wheat, &c.

from Lancaster

to the said Co-

ionics, conti-

nued to May I,

•1789.

So much of 17

Geo. 3. c. 43. a»

permits the Ex-

portation of To-

bacco-pipe Clay

to the British

Sugar Colonies

in the Weft In-

dies, continued

to June 34,

J792, &c.

2(3 Geo. 3.c. £94

to explain, &c.

25Geo. 3.C. 67.

ip prohibit the

C. 23. Anno vicesimo odavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Majesty’s Reign, and of the sixth, fourteenth, and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such

Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of foreign Coffee into and from th e British Colo-

nies and Plantations in America, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. Ah At1 for the further Punishment

of Persons going armed or difgnijed, in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise 3 and for indemnifying Of

fenders again/} those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the Ciflams in

Informations upon Seizures, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or difguised in de-

fiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs, in Informations upon

Seizures, which was to continue in force for seven Years from the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which,

by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Ma-

jesty, and the fourth, eleventh, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further

continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-third Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufac-

turers of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for two Years, from the first Day

of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, was further continued for the Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof,

for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the ftxteemh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quan-

tities of Wheat and other Articles, to his Majestfs Sugar Colonies in America, ana to the Island of Saint He-

lena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchcmts of England trading to the

East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease toNewfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, andLabrador ; and for

indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council al-

ready made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and ower Articles, as relates to allowing the Exportation

of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to

continue in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and which by

several Acts made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-

third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, anatwenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was con-

tinued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and also that so touch of the

said Act made in the said twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the

Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Lancaster to his Majesty’s

Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, which was

to be in force until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, mall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of May one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-nine.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the seventeenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Allfor repealing the eleventh Ride in the Book of Rates,

so far as the fame relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raijins, and

for making the bnporter of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said

Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods ; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe

Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time ;

as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or

Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which, by two Acts made in the twentieth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty,

was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further

continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and fiforn thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and

Utenjilsy an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act is

r3 4 prohibit

