2c8

Sheriffs to order

Payment of

Sums awarded

by Verdict of

J uries, &c.

Commissioner*

to appoint Col-

lectors.

Commissioiws

to erect Light-

housei, See,

When L’ght-

houset are com*

plated, the Du-

ties following to

be paid by Ships

passing them t

For every Brbifli

Vessel, i d. Ster-

ling per Ton t

If foreign* 2d.

per Ton.

Confederation

Money for bands

to be paid out of

<the Duties.

Annual Ac-

counts of Re-

ceipts and Dif-

burfements to

be sent to the

Tresfury, See,

Commissioreri

may borrow

x.oooo 1. a&d the

Expences or this

Arty i n Credit

of the Duties,

C. toi. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

name and appoint a Jury of fifteen Persons, each of them possessed of an Estate of fifty Pounds Scots valued

Rent in the County, to come and appear before him, at such Time and Place as by his Warrant or Precept

shall be d;rented, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either Party be brought before him ; and the said

Sheriff shall examine the said Evidence upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered to

administer), touching the Value, Consideration, or Rent, to be paid to the respetiive Owners, Proprietors,

or Occupiers of the said Lands or Heritages, necessary for erecting the said Light-houses ; and the Verdict of

the said Jury shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, That all Parties concerned shall have their lawful

Challenges against any of the said Jurymen.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint the said Sheriff Depute shall, and he is

hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict given, to order Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money',

or the Rents or certain annual Sums, and to ordain the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Lanas

and Heritages, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, to convey, grant, or lease to the

said Commissioners or Trustees, all such Lands and Heritages for the Purposes aforesaid ; and all Contrasts,

Agreements, Sales, Leases, or other Conveyances, made or directed to be made, shall be valid to all Intents

and Purposes ; any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding; and ail Trustees, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, or Incumbrancers,

subject to Tailzies, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue

of, or in pursuance of this Act: Provided always. That the Price, Consideration, Feu-duty, Rents, or an-

nual Sum, to be paid for the said Lands, shall be settled or veiled in Trustees, so as to defeend and be devised

to the fame Heirs of Tailzie, and be subject to all such Trulls, Conditions, and Limitations, as are con-

tained in the original Settlements, Deeds, or Tailzies, of the respective Lands so conveyed ior the Purpolbs

aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com midi oners or Trustees to

chuse and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, Clerks or Collectors for levying the Duties herein-after-

mentioned, and such other Officers as they shall judge necessary to he employed under them, for carrying thus

Act into Execution, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, and to appoint others

in their Stead, and to settle such Fees or Salaries to such Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, as the said

'Trustees shall judge reasonable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners or Trustees to erect, or cause to be crcdted, upon the foresaid Lands, proper Light-

houses, with such other Buildings and Conveniences as to them shall appear nccefiary; and also to erect, or

caule to be erected, Brealts or Wharfs for landing Coals or Fuel for burning in such Light-houses, or any Ma-

terials necessary for the building and maintaining the fame; and also to make, or cause to be made, Roads

from the said Breads or Wharfs to the said Light-houses.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time such Light-

houses shall be finished, in such Manner as to have the proper Lights or Signals put up therein, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for such Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, and

take, of and from all and every the Mailers and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel, the Sums following;

(that is to say),

From every BritJJh Ship or decked Vessel, navigated according to Law, which shall pass any of the said

Light-houles, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage,

or failing Coastwise, a Sum not exceeding one Penny Sterling per Ton:

And for every foreign Ship or decked Vessel, passing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding two Pence SterEng

per Ton.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners

or Trustees shall, out of the Duties hereby granted, satisfy and pay to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers

of the said Lands, on which the said Light-houses are to be erected, the Consideration, Feu-duty, or Rent agreed

or awarded to be oaid for the fame.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall keep and enter, in proper

Books, Minutes of their Proceedings, and fair, just, and true Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of

all Monies which shall be received or expended by them in consequence of this Act, and shall cause to be

made out and properly authenticated, once in every Year, four Copies of the said Accounts, whereof one

shall be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury; two to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at Edinburgh, to be presented by them to

both Houses of Parliament; and one to be delivered to the annual Convention of the Royal Boroughs in

Scotland,

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or Trustees shall

be, and they arc hereby impowered and declared to have full Power and lawful Authority, at any Time or

Times hereafter, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, or any Act or Acts, Deed or Deeds, under their Hands

duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a Rate of Interest not exceeding the lawful Interest at the Time of the

Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and

Credit of the Duties granted by this Act, for answering the Expences of making the Works aforefiird, and such

further Sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act ; and may aTign

such Duties to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, w ho shall furmfh or advance such Money,

or any Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of the lame.

4 XL And,

e

