39©

ASodc of the

Merchant* or

others concern-

ed.

Particular Du-

ties directed.

Duties on Im-

ports and Ex-

ports,

Duties to be paid

according to the

L’fual Freight,

dec.

A’iens Goods to

p-»y Alien Du-

ties.

PrnaW on Bri-

tish Subjects co-

vering Aliens

Goods.

^fMtt to pay ac-

cord -g to the

t r; fits of their

Earning!.

C. 45. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1787.

and Duties, but also shall, if required by the Receiver or Collector of the said Duties, give a true Note in

Writing of the Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Merchants or others who shall lade or unlade, of

cause to b* laden or unladen, any Goods, Wates, or Merchandizes within the said Pier or Harbour, or

the Pay thereunto adjoining, or shall be the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize;

and in case any fuc:i Mai ter or Owner lha.ll refuse to gi\e Inch Note, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of

twenty Pounds; anJ upon Notice bring given to the Collector of the Outturns at the Port of Sandwich, of

such Refund, no such Ship or Vessel lhJl be permuted to clear out, fail, or be discharged, until such Note

in Writing shall be given, and the Penalty for fjch Refusal thereof paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That every Mailer of every Ship, Hoy, or other Vessel, who shall lade

or unlr.de, take on board, or discharge within the said Harbour of Margate, or the Bay thereunto adjoining,

any Corn, Grain, or Seeds, or a ry Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or Passengers

pairing or to pass from Port to Port within this Realm, being a Native of Great Britain, and an Inhabitant

of any of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, or their Members, commonly denominated a Portsman,

shall pay, for the Purposes of this Act in regard of his Freight, for every twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal,

Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, 'Pares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so*

laden or unladen there, Four-pence; and for every twenty Quartets of Malt or Oats, Two-pence; and

every such Matter, being a Native of Great Britain, not inhabiting any of the Cinque Ports, two ancient

Towns, or their Members, but being an Inhabitant of any other Parc of Great Britain, commonly denomi-

nated a Shircmnn, shall pay for every twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans,

'Pares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden or unladen there. Six-

pence; and for every twenty Quartets of Malt or Oats, Three-pence; and after that Rate for a larger or

Jess Quantity, which Duty is called Liftuge; and for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels,

and Passengers, so laden or unladen, taken on board, or discharged there, every such Matter Hull pay by the

Pound Freight; that is to say, a Portlman Three-pence in the Pound, and a Shireman Four-pence in the

Pound, upon the Freight of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Baggage, and Parcels, and upon

the Fare of all such Passengers, which last mentioned Duty is called Poundage; and every such Matter, being

an Alien, or Merchant Stranger, shall pay double the Rates of a Portsman.

XX. And be it further enacted. That every Matter of every Ship, Hoy, or other Vessel, who shall lade

or unlade, take on board, or discharge, within the said Harbour of Margate, or Bay thereunto adjoining,

>ny Corn, Grain, or Seeds, or any Beer, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Baggage,

Parcels, or Passengers coining from or to be transported or carried to any Parts beyond the Seas, ihait pay,

in regard of his freight, for every twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, Tares,

Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden or unladen there, coming from,

or to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, if such Matter shall come within the Descriptiorr

above specified of a Portsman, Six-pence; and if within the Description of a Shireman, Nine-pence; and

for every twenty Quarters of Malt or Oats, a Portsman Three-pence, and a Shireman Four-pence

Halfpenny ; and every such Matter, being an Alien or Merchant Stranger, shall pay double the Rate

of a Portsman; and for all such Beer, or other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and for all such Bag-

gage, Parcels, and Passengers, so laden or unladen, taken on board or discharged there, coming from, or

to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, every such Matter shall pay in regard of his Freight as

aforesaid, for every twenty Shillings or Pound Freight, being a Portsman, Three-pence; a Shireman,

Four-pence; and an Alien, Six pence; which Duties are also respedVively called Liftage and Poundage.

XXL c And, to prevent Frauds,* it is hereby enabled, That all such Matters of Ships, Hoys, or other

Vessels, shall be liable to the said Duties of Poundage and Laftage, according to the usual Freight of each

Article, and according to the usual Fare of Paflengcis, whether they shall respectively charge such Freight or

Fare, or not.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, Brewer, or other

Dealer, who shall lade or unlade, or cause to be laden or unladen, any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, into or out of any foreign Ship or Vessel, that is to say, a Ship or Vessel whereof the Owner or

Owners is or are a Foreigner or Foreigners, the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize being for Account of

and at the Ri/k of Foreigners, then, although the said Merchant, Brewer, or other Dealer, be a British

Subject, yet nevertheless the fame Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be liable to pay the Rates

and Duties herein imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, laden or unladen.by an Alien or Merchant

Stranger.

XXIII. c And* to prevent Frauds,’ it is hereby enacted. That no British Subject shall, upon any Account

or Pretence whatsoever, take upon him to own or alfume, or pretend to have afllmied, the Risk of any

Goods, Waies, or Merchandize which shall, in Fact, be laden or unladen for Account of, and at the Rifle

of a Foreigner or Foreigners, with Intent to defraud the said Commissioners, or the OommifEoners for the

Time being, of the Rates and Durits herein imputed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, laden or unladen

by an Alien or Merchant Stranger, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, ap-

plied, and disposed of in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXIV'. And be it further enacted. That every Fishing-boat belonging to the said Town or Harbour of

Margate, or which shall harbour there for the moll Part of the Year, or for the most Part of any particular

Fishing Season, shall pay for every Mackarel, Herring, Cod, Trailing, Sprat, or other Fishing Season,

Three-j ence out of every twenty M illings, or Pound, of the net Profits of the Earnings of every such Sca-

son, whether such Prolits shall aril’e from Fish caught, or from Fish bought, and then carried to any

Market; such Payment to be made before any Divihon shall be made of such Profits amongst the Persons

concerned in any such Boat respediive’y (by the Matter, who shall be examined upon Oath, in such Manner

as

