The TITLES of

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Com-

mon Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of

Mechcn Ijcoed and Plas y Dinas, itfl the County of Aiont-

gomery.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Paitures, Open Downs, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingjloke,

in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, Commonable

Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties

of Groefy, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of

Leicrjler.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures, and

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IVhatton, in the County

of Nottingham,

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Paf-

tures within the Township of Langcliffc, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act to enable Charles JVatkin John Buckworth

Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use

the Surname, and bear the Arms of Shaker ley, pursuant to

the Will of Peter Shaker ley F (quire, deceased.

23. An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jaclfon.

24. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Danezy.

25 An Act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into

Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the

Reverend John Louth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the

Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the Right Ho-

nourable George Earl of JVmchelJea and Nottingham, and

thereby settling all Diiputes and Differences which have

arisen inConfequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the

frid V icar.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain

Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Honywood,

ard for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying

off a Mortgage now due and owing on the fame Estates,

and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other

Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of

BazilFitzhcrbert Esquire, inTrustees, to be sold, and for

applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Dif-

charge of the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for

laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to

be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates re-

maining unfold.

28. An Act to enable Richard Moland Esquire, natural

Guardian of his Infant Daughters Elizabeth Moland, Anna

Maria A Eland, Latitia Martha Moland, and Alargaret

Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future Guar-

dian or Guardians of his laid Daughters, during their Mi-

norities, to grant Building Leases of one undivided Moiety

of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and Aston

near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to lay

out convenient Streets, Ways, and Pailages, to the Build-

ings to be creeled thereon. ,

29. An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain

Estates in Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Reve-

rend Jonas Slaney and Mary his Wife, in 'J'ruftees, to be

fold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym

Hales Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, inTruf-

tees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain

Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

6

the STATUTES.

31. An Act for. vesting Part of the Estates devised by the

Will of John Earl Tylney in London, Middlesex, and Essex,

in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money

thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof

to the same Uses.

32. An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late

of John Foster, decealtd.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William

Northey Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to

be fold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

34. An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate

of Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife,

an Infant, at Bore ham, in the County of Essex,

35. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for

Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near

Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickenjon

Esquire, deceased, and for applying two-thirds of the

Money, agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold

Part of the said Brewhouse and Hereditaments, in the Pur-

chafe of Freehold Hereditaments, to be settled in Manner

in the said Act mentioned; and for such other Purposes as

in the said Act mentioned.

36. An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Per-

fons in Poilession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates

comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, one made

pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of

Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham,\n the County of War-

wick. Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made

pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of

John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid. Gentleman,

with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases; and for other

Purposes.

37. An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to com-

plete his Contraft with Jacob Bofanquet Esquire, for Sale

of Part of his settled Estates, and vesting the remaining

Part of the fame Estates in Trustees for Sale.

38- An Act to enable Sir John Ingleby Baronet, to charge

his settled Estates in the County of York in the Manner

therein mentioned.

39. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the real Estates late

of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of

Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to

sell and convey the fame, and for laying out the Money

arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts,

therein mentioned.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Commons Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands,

and other Commonable Places, within the several Tyth-

ings of Odtham, Northwarnborough, Hiilfide, Rye, and

Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of

Southampton.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadow’s, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the

Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine. in Holder-

ness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fiflyerton An-

ger, in the County of Wilts.

43. An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within

the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and

for dividing and inclosing the fame, and several other Com-

mons within the said Township.*

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish

of Banham, in the County of Norfolk.

45* A»

L.

