A

T A B L E

O F T H E

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of tKe ACTS of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PtJBLICK ACTS.

Anno 28 Georgii III.

I* AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

r\ certain Duties upon Male, Mum, Cyder, and

* Perry, for the Service of the Year one thouknd

(even hundred and eighty-eight.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits ma-

nufadured in Scotland,\ and imported into England.

5. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating

the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Domini-

ons and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the

United States of America, so far as the fame relate to the

Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom

and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said

United States.

6. An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subieds of

his Majesty’s Colonies, and Plantations in North America,

and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belong-

ing to the United States of America \ and between his

Majesty’s laid Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the Weft

Indies.

7. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act

made in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled. An Atl to prevent the counterfeiting

of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the

Proportions of fine Silver and Silly and for the better making

of Gold and Silver Thread.

8. An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of

28 Geo. HI.

the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that

the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining

such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security

of the British Territories ana Possessions in the East Inches,

should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the

. said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Ap-

plication of the said Revenues in the Manner therein

mentioned.

9. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable George Earl

Brooke and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge

over the River Avony in the Borough of Warwick, and

to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

10. An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint fames

at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for build-

ing a new Church, and making a new Church-yard, or

Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues

and Passages thereto.

11. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and.

Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

called England\ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers

contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the

watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other

Places within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing

and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for more effectually draining and nreserving

certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or

Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of South

Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to

, the said Town.

d 16. An

tized by

