The TITLES of

nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in

this Scffton of Parliament; and for making forth Dupli-

cates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates,

Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt,

or otherwise destroyed.

62. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to en-

quire into the Lofies and Services of all such Persons

who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Pro-

sessions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America,

in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and At-

tachment to the British Government.

An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this King-

dom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty

imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to

retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties

imposed on such Licences, who shall leave oft' retailing

such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which

such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons

who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers,

or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose,

64. An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the

Commiinoners of the Treasury, to appoint two of the

Commissioneis of the Customs in England, and one of the

Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire

• into the annual Amount of the Emoluments of Odicers

of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Re-

venue.

65. An Act to enable the East-India Company to raise

Money by further increasing their Capital Stock.

66. An Act to continue, for a limited 'Time, and amend an

Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

Act to regulate, fir a limited Time, the jkipping and carry-

ing Slaves in British Tcjfcls from the Coaji of Africa.

67. An Act for ihe more effectual Execution of the Laws

respecting Gaols.

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff;

and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing,

lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes,

and oti^r publick Patfiges and Places, within the 'Town

and Liberty of Fewerfuam, in the County of Kent, and

also certain Places near or adjoining thereto; and for

removing and preventing Incroachments, ObstruCtions,

Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fen and logs in the Parish of Dunstan, in the County of

Lincoln ; and for draining and improving certain Parts

thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said

Parish, and in the Parish of Me ther Ingham, in the said

County.

71. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and

watching such Streets and other publick Places within

that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of

M'uldltfex, which lies on the North and South Sides of the

New Road, leading from Paddington to Ifiington, called

Scanners Town, and is now actually leased to Jacob

Leroux Esquire, for building upon, or that may be here-

after leased for the like Purpose; and for preventing Nui-

fances and ObstruCtions therein.

72. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal

from or near the Borough of ArnUvor, in the County of

Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Mill-

brook, in the said County.

73. An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and

Springs within the City of Bath from Injury by In-

croachments and Annoyances; for enlarging or rebuild-

ing the present Pump Rooms there ; for widening certain

Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, and for making

certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches

it

the STATUTES.

to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, mart

safe and commodious.

74. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal

from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of

Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewafn Canal,

at or near Langley Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut

from the said intended Canal at or near Codner Park Milly

to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

75. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, with-

in the Liberty of the City of tv'flminster; for repairing

the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Pa-

trol ; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and re-

moving and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances with-

in several of the Streets and other publick Passages and

Places within the said Parish; and for other Purposes re-

lating to the said Parish.

76. An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, (intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of

the open Parts of the Distrirt called Tiie Forest of Knaref-

borough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven

Co njlable vies thereof; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned •) and by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his

Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said former Act, ani

for making the said two Acts more effectual.

77. An Act for continuing and making more effectual the

Acts of Parliament, lor opening, cleansing, repairing, and

improving the Harbour of Southivold, in the County of

Suffolk.

78. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Opea

f ields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Wane Grounds,

within the Townships of Weft Hadd I fey. Chapel Had-

dle/ey, and East Haddlefey, and Temple Hirjl, in the Pariflk

of Bukin, in the Weft Riding of the County of fork*

79. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the

City of GLifgcw in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk

in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Coniines of

the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar in the County

of Dumfries; and other Roads communicating there-

with.

80. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts

made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Mi-

jelly King George the Second, and the eighth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Duiham, in the

Co it n ty of D u rha m.

81. An Act for altering, railing, widening, repairing and

preserving the *Road leading from the Town of ijshop*

IVearmouib, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham*

to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the iaid

County.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three

Acts made in the uventy-sixth and twenty-ninth Years-

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and the twelfth Y>ar of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing and widening Old Street Road in thcParnhes

of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the

County of Middusex; and also for repairing and keeping

in Repair the Road leading from Worfmp Street to Croton

Street, along the East Side of Moorfitlds.

83. An Act for enlarging the Terms of three Acts made

in the second, seventeenth, and twenty*eighth Years of

his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cc:efonly

through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to

the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading.

towards

