A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptirao Georgii III. C. 31. 365

offending, and beine thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall

suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall fell any

Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff, for or in respect

whereof any Duty of Excise is by the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament imposed, with the Imprcf-

fion of any such counterfeit Stamp or Seal thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, and with an I11-

.tent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties by the said Act imposed for or in

Tefpedi of printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Mufiins, Linens, Stuffs, Fuftians, Velvets, Velve-

rets. Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettors,

and Assistants, being thereof convi£bd in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall

suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Oath made by any credible Per-

<on or Persons, that he, she, or they has or have Reason to suspect or believe that any French printed,

stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other

figured Stuff, for which any Duty of Excise by the said A&, made in this Session of Parliament, imposed in

respe& thereof, ought to have been paid, is or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper or other

Person or Persons trading or dealing therein, or of any Person or Persons for the Uie or Account of such

Draper or other Trader or Dealer, for Sale, without having thereupon such Mark or Stamp, as is by this

Act required to denote the Payment or charging of the Duty by the said A&, made in this Session of Parlia-

ment, imposed for or in respect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise,

cm* any two or more of them, within the Limits of the wfeekly Bills of Mortality, or any two Justices of the

Ffcace in any other Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Time to Time to issue their respective

Warrants or Orders, thereby authorising and requiring any Officer or Officers of Excise (with the Assist-

ance of a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace), in the Day-time, to iearch for the fame, and to open

Doors, Trunks, Chcfts, and Packages, and to seize such Goods, together with the Packages containing

the feme, and to carry away the fame, in order that the fame may be lawfully condemned, and that every

such Warrant and Order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any printed, stained, painted, or

dyed Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff, which

ought by this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, to be marked or lealed with a Stamp

or deal to denote any of the Duties by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament,repealed, or thereby

imposed for or in respect thereof, to have been duly paid or charged, shall be found in any Place whatfo-

ereri except on board Ship for Exportation, without being marked or sealed with a Stamp or Seal, denoting

that such Duties have been duly paid or discharged, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feizea

by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the fame shall

be found, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And whereas, for many Years now last past, Spirits have been taken and estimated, by the Offi-

4 cers of Excise, to be of the different Degrees of Strength, at which they have upon Trial been denoted to

4 be, by certain Kind of Hydrometers, known by the Name of, and commonly called Clarke's Hydrometers:

4 And whereas it is expedient that the different Degrees of Strength of Spirits should be taken and estimated

4 by Hydrometers of the mod accurate Construction, and that proper Experiments be made for thatPurpose,

and that feme Provision should be made for regulating the Mode of estimating the Strength of Spirits,

4 until such Experiments shall have been made ;* be it therefore enabled and declared by the Authority afore-

feid. That, until the fifth Day of dpril one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, all Spirits shall be

deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the said Hydrometers, called Clarke's Hydro-

meter, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat no Entry which shall be made by

any Chandler or Maker of Candles, of any Melting-house, Wofkhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop,

Room, or other Place whatsoever, either for the making or keeping of Candles, or for the melting or keep-

ing any Wax, Tallow, or ether Materials proper to be made into Candles, or of any Copper, Kettle, Pot,

Furnace, or other Vessel or LJtenfil whatsoever, for the melting of Wax, Tallow, or other Materials to be

made Into Candles, or of any Mould or Moulds, or other Utensil whatsoever, for the making of Candles,

shall be deemed or taken to be withdrawn, whilst any Duty shall be depending and unpaid by such Chandler

or Maker of Candles; or any Copper, Furnace, or other Utensil, shall be Handing in any such Melting-

house, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Soap shall, when and

as often as he is thereunto requested by any Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of

fioap shall be, before he or she shall charge his or her Copper or Boiler with any Materials for making

of Soap, weigh, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, all the Rosin, Tallow, Grease, or other Ma-

terials (except Lye) with which such Maker of Soap shall next charge his or her Copper or Boiler; and

all such Rosin, Tallow, Grease, or other Materials, shall be put into the Copper or Boiler, in the Presence

of such Officer or Officers, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Refusal or Negleit thereof, the Sum of fifty

Pounds. '

And Person*

fellingCallicoes,

dec. with coun-

terfeit Stamp*,

subj?& to the

lilte Punish-

luent.

On Oath of

credible Per fun,

the Houses of

Persons suspedt-

ed to have in

their Poflsflion

Calliroe* dec.

undamped, may

be fcuchtd, dec#

If unftatnp*d

Callicoes, dec,

be found in any

Place, except

Shipped for Ex-

portation, they

are forfeited,ia4

also tool.

Until April 5,

1788, Spirit!

Stall be deeoitA

of the Strength

denoted by

Clarke’s Hydro-

Entries 0§

Makers of

Candles not to

be deemed frith-

drawn while

any Duty re-

mains unpaid,

dcC.

Makers of Soap

to weigh the

Materials for

makiogthefante

before the Of-

ficer, Sec, on

Penalty of 50I.

24C.ec.3. c.

recited.

4 ing-house, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any Person or Persons, who

3 B z 4 after

