*0

Penalty on Ven-

der for fending

Coals unmea

Cored or without

• Ticket*

DSaenfions of

Sacks.

Penalty on

Wharfinger*,

Sec, bribing

Meter*.

Penolty on Met-

er* permitting

deficient Sack*

to be used,

or otfccrwife not

oeHbtming their

bat;«

If Penalty not

paid within a

Month, may be

recovered from

the Principal.

Exemptions

with respect to

Water-work*,

*c.

Penalty on Met-

ers (offering

Coals to pass

without being

me* lured.

Penalty on Car-

man permitting

Coals to betaken

out of his C art.

C. 14 Anlio vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

XIV. And be it further eroded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which

any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Buihels, shall be sent or driven from any Wharf, Warehoule,

or Place, situate within the Limits of this Act, without having been measured, or without having first ob-

tained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Vender of the said Coals, being con-

vided thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more Wit-

nefies, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Wharfinger, or Dealer in

Coals, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, make use of one or more

Sack or Sacks for the carrying of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, of less Dimensions than four Feet in

Length, and two Feet in Breadth, or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made and used, any false Buthel,

or other Meafiire, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People callea Quakerr, by

Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in

Coals shall directly or indirectly give, or cause to be given, to any Labouring Coal-meter within the said

Limits, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money,

or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before

enacted and allowed for the Charges of Metage, and shall be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of

the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay tht

Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further eroded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter shall, at

any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, use, or permit or suffer Sacks to be mad^

use of for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of left Dimensions than four Feet in Length and two Feet in

Breadth, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and be convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of

the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of forty Shillings.

XVIII. Ana it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Labouring Coal-meter,

to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Conti-

nuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, or other Per-

son, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whaesoever, or shall take or receive from any

Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the

four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge, or if any such

Labouring Coal-meter shall wilfully make, permit or suffer to be made, false Meamre of Coals, cr shall de-

liver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any Place

or Places within the said Limits, and shall be, in any or either of the said Cafes, convicted thereof, by the

Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before

-one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every Offence, in

either of the said Cafes, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings and be rendered incapable .of ever serving

thereafter in the Office of a Coal-meter; which Penalty or Forfeiture, if not paid within one Calendar

Month next after the Conviction of the offending Party, shall and maybe recovered of and from the Principal

Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being, in like Manner as might have been against the Party fa

convicted.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the Owners of any

Works for raising Water by Fire, nor to the Owners of any-Coals to be bought, fold, and delivered, as and

for Pool Measure; but that they shall and may have one Chaldron of Coals, or more, delivered under the

Inspedion of his or their own Agent, in the Absence of a Meter; and in that Cafe, such Persons are hereby

respectively exempted from the Payment of any Metage Charge by virtue of this Act; but if such Persons

shall reauire the Care or Attendance of the Meter to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such

Cafe, they shall pay the Metage Charge of four Pence by the Chaldron hereby laid, as other Containers of

Coals are hereby obliged or ought to do in pursuance of this Act, any Thing herein before contained to the

contrary hereof notwithstandi^g.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any such Labouring Coal-meter shall,

from and after the said first Day of June, wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals sold as and for Wharf Mea-

sure (exceeding the Quantity, of seventeen Buihels) to be sent from any Wharf or Warehouse within the

Limits of this Act, without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and shall not give In-

formation thereof to the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or their or his Deputies at the^ said

Office, within two Days next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid* and shall be duly convicted

thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible VVit-

nefles, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, such Labouring

Coal-meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal-meter within

the Limits comprized in this Act, and forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the T>river of any

Cart or Carriage with Coals loaded therein, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this Act, or any

Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall deliver, or suffer to be delivered or taken from such

Cart or Carriage, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or Owners,

- Purchaser

ooooie

