A..D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 64. 131

Stills shall exceed the Quantity of fifty Gallons as aforesaid; and every such Licence {hall be produced,

and a Copy thereof delivered, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons taking out the fame, unto the Ex-

cife Officer of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds, before the fame shall be available in Law; and

such Officer {hall, on the Requisition of the Party or Parties, acknowledge, in Writing to be indorsed on

such Licence, the Production thereof, and the Receipt of such Copy; and every such Licence shall remain

and continue in force from the Date thereof for and during the Space or 7'erm of twelve Calendar Months

next ensuing, and may be renewed for a further Term of twelve Calendar Months within the Space of ten

Days before the Expiration thereof5 and if any Chemist, Drugpft, Perfumer, or other Person or Persons,

shall use any Still or Stills, for any Purpose whatever, without hrft taking out a Licence for the fame, and

producing such Licence, and delivering such Copy thereof to the Officer of Excise as aforesaid, or {hall

make use of any other Still or Stills than such as mall be specified in such Licence, or shall make use of

any such licensed Still or Stills at any Place other than the Place which shall be specilied in the said Li-

cence, or in any House or Place other than his, her, or their usual Dwelling or known Place of car-

rying on his, her, or their Trade and Business, ever£ such Person or Persons shall respectively forfeit

and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be levied and paid without

Mitigation.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, for and upon the Content or Capacity of every Still of one

hundred and twenty Gallons, or upwards, for which any Licence shall be granted under and by virtue of this

A&, there {hall be paid, by the Person taking out such Licence, a Fee after the Rate of one Penny Sterling/^

Gallon, and for every other Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act, a Licence Fee ot five Shillings

Sterling, which Fees shall be received by, and belong to, such Officer or other Person who shall be appointed

as aforesaid; and in Consideration thereof, the Persons who shall be intitled to the Benefit of the said Fees

shall keep a Register of all the Licences which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and shall twice in

every Year, or oftener if required by the said Commissioners, deliver a Duplicate thereof into the General

Excise Office in Edinburgh, for the safe Custody thereof.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if it {hall be made appear to the said Corn-

missioners of Excise, that any useful Procelles or Experiments in Chemistry in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, shall require a Still or Stills, of greater Content or Capacity than that of fifty Gallons,

Englift) Wine Measure, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioneis to autho-

rile and direct a Licence or Licences to be granted to the Owner or Owners of such Chemical Work or

Works, to use, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Still or Stills, of any larger Content or Capacity than as afore-

feid; which Licence or Licences shall be in force for the Space of one Year, and no longer, and for each

of which Licences a Fee of five Shillings and no more, shall be paid to the Person or Officer to be ap-

pointed as aforesaid, and which said Chemical Works, if specified in any such Licence to be secret Works,

IhaH not be liable to Visitation by any Officer or Officers of Excise, excepting only under the Conditions

and Limitations, according to which the Chemical Works, which are or shall be cat rid on by Archi-

bald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may or can be lawfully vilued and

examined.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, upon any such Visitation or Examination, it

shall be found that any such Still or Stills of such larger Content or Capacity have been used in the distilling

of Spirits, Low Wines, or Wash, Wort, or Tilts, prepared from any of the Materials aforesaid, contrary

to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Licence, such Still or Stills, and all the Utensils, thereto belong-

ing, shall be seized, loft, forfeited, and destroyed, as aforesaid, and the Owners thereof shall be liable to

the several Pains and Penalties impoled by this Act upon unlicensed Distillers. ,

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, occupying any House or Tenement in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall permit any unlicensed Still or Stills to be set up or used in

such House or Tenement by any Person or Persons, for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits,

without given Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise, within the Space of three Days after lie or

they shall have Knowledge of the Fadi, such Occupier or Occupiers shall incur and be subject and liable to

the fame Pains and Penalties as are by Law directed to be impoled or inflicted on Persons actually uiing any

unlicensed Still.

XXVI. And be ft further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise

in Scotland, to enter, during lawful Hours, into the Still House, or other Plate v. here any Still or Stills

(whether the feme be licensed or not licensed) shall be kept, worked, or used, or where any Wort, Wall],

Low Wines, or Spirits are prepared or distilled, and to examine the fame; and in case any Still or Stills

shall be there found in a State capable of being worked, the fame not having been duly lxented, or in case

any Wort, Waft), Low Wines, or Spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true Intent and Meaning

of this Act, every such Still or Stills, and tSe Liquor therein, with ali the Utensils and Implements thereto

belonging, or therewith used, and also such Wort, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, shall be seized by any

Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be loft and forfeited, and the said Still or Stills shall be destroyed in

the Manner herein before directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise who shall, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland\ seize and bring to Condemnation any Still by this Act made liable to Seizure and

Forfeiture (except in the Cafe of such Still or Stills being leized on the Discovery of any other Person, in

the Manner herein after specified), shall be intitled to a Reward of two Shillings and six Pence Sterling for

every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, to be paid out of his

Majesty’s Duties of Excise in Scotland, upon an Order from the said Commissioners of Excise, which

Order the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to grant: Provided nevertheless, That such

S 2 Reward

nalty of 5 f« for

every Gallon

abmre that

Quantity,

Chem’fts, ht, ,

uGngStill' wi'h«

ou; Licence, 6c C,

forfeit 1001.

Fees to be pai£

r n taking out

Licence*.

Licences for

Srish of greater

Capacity than 50

GaPons, may be

gran cd to carry

on chemical E*

penor.ents, &c.

Butif ©fed for

distilling Spirit!,

ro be forfeited.

Sec,

Perf*ns permit*

ting Siilis to be

set up in unit-

CMifcd Placet, f

liable to the Pe-

unities of using

unlicensedSiiili#

Officers may

evanvnr Still

H nfer, and if

any are found

working con-

trary to this A&i

the Still* to be

U rrc.ied.

Officer intiiledtt

a*. 6d. per Gal-

lon, of the Con-

tents of St Us

feifctd (;n his

own Discovery

of Fiaud; but

not to rxceed

3jl, for one Still*

