A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 83.

rifed and required to administer the fame gratis), take and subscribe an Oath, or Affirmation, in the Words,

or to the Efted following; to wit:

u T A, B. do swear [or, being of the People called Q[takers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faith-

44 hilly, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of one of the Labouring Coal-meters

M for the City of London, and the several Wharfs situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole,

“ in the County of Middlesex \ and that I will truly and impartially meufure, or fee measured, all Coals,

u between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or Hatred.

“ So help me GOD.”

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise,

being given to any of the Labouring Coal-meters appointed and qualified, or to be appointed and qualified,

by virtue of this and the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or left at

the principal Land Coal-meter’s Office, for a Labouring Coal-meter or Meters to attend at any Wharf,

Warehouse, or Place within the Limits of this Act, to be named in such Notice, in order to measure, or ice

measured, the Coals of the Person giving the Notice, such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters shall attend, pur-

suant to such Notice, within the Space of one Hour from the Time of giving the fame, or sooner if possible,

and do his or their Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this and the said recited Act; and in case of

Neglect or Refusal to attend accordingly, such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings each: and the principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, ne-

glecting to fend such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the like Sum of twenty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which

any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Bushels, shall be lent or driven, from any Wharf, Warehouse,

or Place situate within the Limits of this A61, without having been measured under the Inspection of the said

principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or of such Labouring Coal-meter, or without having first

obtained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Vendor of the said Coals*

being convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two

or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City of

London, or the County of Middlesex, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten

Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-hx, no Sacks to be made use of for the Carriage of Coals,

within the Limits of this Act, which shall not be full four Feet four Inches in Length, and full twenty-six

Inches in Breadth, after they are made, shall be lealed or marked, at any Office or Offices, or by any Of-

ficer or Officers appointed or to be appointed for the Purpose of (baling and marking such Sacks, by any

Law now in being reflecting the fame.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Carrier of

Coals shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, make use^ of any Sack

or Sacks for the carrying of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length,

and two Feet in Breadth; or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any false BuOiel or other

Jleafure, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Qjtakers, by Affirmation) of

two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City of

Londonv or the said County of Middirfex, he shall, for every such Oft'ence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five

Pounds.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter,

appointed and qualified, or to be appointed and qualified, pursuant to this and the said recited Act of the

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the

Continuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Conlumer, Carman, or other

Person, with Intent to Prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever; or shall take or receive

from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever,

over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron, by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge; or if any

such Labouring Coal-meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure of Coals, or

shaft deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured,

at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and shall be, in any or either of the said Cafes, convicted

thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible

Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or the

said County of Middlesex, he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Land

Coal-meter; and the principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being shall, for every

such Offence of such Labouring Coal-meters, so convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty

Shillings. 1

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if the Driver of any

Cart or Carriage with Coals loaded therein, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, within the Limits of

this Ad, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall take or deliver, or fufter to be taken

or delivered, from such Cart or Carriage, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the

Owner or Owners, Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case of Nonpayment thereof,

26 Geo. III. C c every

r93

New Oath.

Penalty on Prin-

cipal? neelc£>irg

to 'end a Lrhuur-

irg Coal rrrier,

and < n Labour-

ing Cojl-meter*

not attending on

Notice.

Penalty on Ven-

dor, f« r fending

Coal* unmea-

sured, r with-

out a Ticket.

Sack* not to be

sealed or mark-

ed, which thall

no* be lull 4

Fee» 4 Inches

lrng and 16

Inches oroad.

Dimensions of

hacks.

Penalty on La-

bouring Meter

oelivering false

Tickets;

or receiving any

other Gratuity

betides 44. per

Chaldron j

or making false

Measure ;

or delivering any

Ticket for Coali

be did not fee

measured.

Penalty on Car-

man taking or

permit ing Coals

to be taken out

of his Cait.

