A. D. 1788. Anno vicesimo odavo Georg 11 III. C. 46. 481

shall happen to reside, (and which Oath such Commissioners or Justice are and is hereby empowered to ad-

mini'fter), That the said Still or Stills, and Implements, are his, her, or their own Property, and that the

Work intended to be carried on is at his, her, or their Rific, and on his, her, or their own Account ; and in

every such Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, there shall be expressed and specified the

Ohriftian Name or Names, and the Surname or Surnames of the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall

be respetftively granted, the Place or Places of his, her, or their respective Rehdence, and the Name of the

particular Place and Parish where such Still or Stills are intended to be set up, erected, and used, together with

the respective Dimensions or Gauges of such Still or Stills, and declaring for what particular IJfe each re-

spective Still is intended to be employed, whether it be for the Distillation of Low Wines, or for the Distil-

lation of Wash; and if for the Distillation of Wash, specifying from what Materials such Wadi shall be

prepared, and also specifying the Sum or Sums paid for the Duty, and the Times when the future Payments

shall respectively become due, and when such Licence will cease and expire.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Words contained in any

such Licence shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any Distiller from using his or her

'Wash Still in diddling of Spirits, cr his or her Spirits Still or Low Wines Still in dittilling of Wash, pro-

vided that previous Notice thereof has been given by the Distiller to the proper Officer of Excise, and that

the Caul'e for such Alteration has been truly stated in the said Notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall not be lawful for the Person or

Persons authorised to grant Licence as aforesaid, to grant to any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or to

any Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Licence for working,

erecting, or keeping of any Still or Stills for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, so long as he, (he, or they

doth or shall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the Business of a Redtifier or Compounder of Spirits,

or Common brewer or Victualler for brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland: And if any Person or

Persons, licensed as a Distiller or Distillers under this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

landy shall, at any Time or Times during the Time that his, her, or their Licence or Licences shall

be in force, carry on, or be directly or indirectly concerned or interested in, the Trade or Business of a

Common Brewer or Victualler, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of

two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall at one and

the fame Time carry on the Trade or Business of a Redtifier or Compounder of Spirits with that of a Com-

mon Brewer or Victualler, or of a Redtifier, Compounder, Common Brewer or Victualler, with that of a

Distiller or Maker of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or shall be directly or indirectly

concerned or interested therein, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of

two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Still or Stills, to be so licensed as

aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance of such Licence, by any unavoidable Accident be destroyed, and

rendered unfit for U(e, the Owner thereof shall immediately give Notice in Writing of such Accident to

the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise of the Division or Distridt, and make Proof, by his or her own

Oath, or by the Oath of some other credible Person, to the Satisfaction of such Supervisor or Officer, that the

Destruction of such Still was wholly accidental, and not intentional, and thereupon shall be at Liberty forth-

with, after such Notice and Affidavit, to erect a new Still or Stills, the Capacity or Content of which, in-

cluding the Head, shall not exceed ten Gallons English Wine Measure, for every Hundred Gallons of the

Content of the former Still or Stills so proved to have been destroyed and rendered unfit for life : And in case

such new-erected Still or Stills be not of a larger Capacity or Content than the said former Still or Stills re-

spedlively, it shall be lawful for such Owner to work the fame during the Term to come and unexpired of his

or her subsisting Licence or Licences, without taking out any new Licence for that Purpose; but if such new-

erected Still or Stills'(hall be of a larger Capacity or Content respectively than the said former Still or Stills,

not exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, the Owner thereof shall immediately advance and pay down addi-

tional Duty according to the increased Capacity or Content of such new Still or Stills, for the unexpired

Term of his or her subsisting Licence or Licences.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Property and

Possession of any licensed Still or Stills in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be really and bona

fide changed during the Continuance of this Act, the Person or Persons becoming intitled thereto shall forth-

with, after such Change of Property and Possession, and before any such Still or Stills is or are by him, her, or

them, attempted to be charged or worked, give Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Supervisor or Officer

of Excise of the Division or District within which such Still or Stills shall be situated, and shall thereupon, and

upon making Oath before a Justice of the Peace, of his, her, or their actual Property therein, be permitted to

work such licensed Still or Stills for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence for the fame, upon the fame

Conditions as are expressed and specified in such Licence.

XIII. Provided always. That if upon any such Change of Property and Possession of or in any such

licensed Still or Stills, the Person or Persons becoming intitled thereto, and making Gath as aforesaid, shall

not be desirous of working such Still or Stills, such rerfon or Persons shall, within three Days after his or

their Title thereto shall have accrued and been verified as aforesaid, signify the fame in Writing to the

proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise of such Division or DistridE; and shall deposit with such Officer

the Head or Heads belonging to such Still or Stills, and also such of the Utensils belonging thereto as such

Supervisor or Officer shall ieledl, in order to render such Still or Stills Incapable of being used; and such

Still or Stills shall not be again used until a new Licence shall be granted for that Purpose ; and the Duty

which would have become due for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence, to be computed from the

3 R % Time

P*rticnli'« tobe

specified in I*

ccacec.

Waih Still* mav

be used ai Spirit*

Stills, tod con-

trariwife, on

giving Notice to

the Officer.

Licences not to

be granted to

Redtifier*,

Brewer*, or

Victuallera.

Distillerg, while

licensed,carryirg

on the Trade of a

Brewer or Vic-

tualler, to forfeit

aoo 1.

Rectifiers not to

carry on Trade

as Brewers, Sec,

bn a Penalty of

•001.

New Stills may

be erected in lien

of such at may

be destroyed, of

the Proportion#

herein-mcniioB*

cd.

An addirionst

Duty to be paid

for the increased

Contents of new

Still*.

Notice of the

Change of Pro-

perty in Stills

niuli be giten to

the Officer of

Excise.

No'icemuft be

given by the

Purchaser of a

licensed Srill, if

he dees not in-

tend to work it,

dec.

