482 C. 46. # Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

ttool. Penalty

lur Neglctl.

Time of giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid, but no Claim shall lie for Rc-payment of

any Part of the Duties which shall have been paid in Advance as aforesaid: And if any such Perfo.i (hzll

neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to make such Affidavit, or to deposit the Head or Heads,

and such of the Utensils of his or her Still or Stills as is herein-before mentioned and directed,

every such Person, for every such Neglect or Refulal, shall forfeit and lose the Sum'of two hundred

Pounds.

Persons negleH*

ing to yay the

Dot e* -j-yilarly,

or wt t ktn • un-

licen'-'a S il s,

to ioiicil 2001.

PemUy on Pjr

lon«, not b.-ing

licenlcd Dnlil-

lrrs, who fti-11

<lirtil, &c.

No P?rron so

boil Wort?, Scc»

in any other

Veil'd t^an a li-

censed Still, on

Penalty of 200 1.

No Che mid, fzc,

to use St llswi.h-

«ut Licence ;

■or to hate Stills

of a greater Ca-

pacity than 50

Gallon?, on l*c•

nalty ot 2001.

Chem'fts, &c.

ofing Stills

without Licence,

tec. to forfeit

aool,

Tecs to be paid

rn talcing out

Licences.

Licences for

Stills of greater

Capacity then

So Gallons may

Xi V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, duly licensed

as aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to pay the said Duties imposed by this Act, for or in respeci of any

licensed Still or Stills, or any Part thereof, in Advance, in the Manner, and at the Time or Tunes directed

by this Act; or if any Person or Persons shall erect, work, or make use of any other Still or Stills in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, except such as shall be specified in his, her, or their Licence or

Licences, whether of the fame or of any different Description, Capacity, or Content, than shall have been

so specihed, such Still or Stills shall be forfeited, and shall* and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of

Excise •, and every such Person or Persons shall also forfeit and loie, for every such Offence, the Sum of two

hundred Pounds.

XV'. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer

in, or PvCtailer of Spirits, or any Chemilt, Druggist, or Perfumer, or any Person whatever, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, other than a licensed Oilfiller, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Pof-

fdiion, any Worts, Walh, Tilts, or other fermented Licjuor,.capable of being distilled into Low Wines or

Spirits, or shall diiiil or extract any Low Wmes or bpirits from Worts, Wash, Tilts, Corn, Mela lies.

Sugar, Cyder, Refused Wines, or other Liquor, every such Person or Persons, so being in Polllf-

(ion of any such Materials prepared or fit for the Purpose of being dilfilled into Low Wines or Spirits,

shall lorleit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for every Gallon of such Worts, Wash, Tilts, or other fer-

int nted Liquors.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers,

Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall boil, heat, or prepare, by Means of Fire, any

Worts, Walh, or Liquor, made from any of the Materials aforesaid, in any Copper, Vessel, or other

Utensil whatever other than a licensed Still, after such Worts, Wadi, or Liquor has been fermented,

but that all Worts, Wash, Liquor, or other Materials, shall, after Fermentation, be fairly put iqto

his, her, or their licensed Still or Stills, without having undergone boiling, heating, or any Prepa-

ration by Means of Fire, whereby the Proceis of Distillntion may be shortened, accelerated, or at-

tempted to be lhortened or accelerated, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for

every such Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, during the Con-

tinuance of this Act, shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Chemilt, Druggist, or Perfumer, or any other

Trade or Business requiring the Ule of any Still or Stills (except that of a Rectifier or Compounder of

Spirits) in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without hi ft taking out a Licence for that Purpose,from

the Pci foil or Persons nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and winch Licence the said Person or Persons

Hull and is and are hereby required to grant accordingly to every such Person applying-for the fame, upon the

Payment of such Fee for the lame as is herein-after directed to be paid for such Licence,but free from the Pay-

ment of every Duty of Excise; and every such Licence so granted shall specify the Christian Name or

Names, and the Surname or Surnames, Trade and Business, of the Person or Persons thereby licensed, and

the Place where such Trade or Business is intended to be carried on, and the Number of his, her, or their re-

spedlive Still oFStills, and the Capacity or Content thereof respectively ; and no Chemist, Druggist, or

Perfumer, or other Person or Persons, (except as aforesaid,) shall use or have in his, her, or their Custody or

Polled! on, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Still or Stills of any greater Capacity or Con-

tent than that of fifty Gallons Enghjl) Wine Measure, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred

Pounds for every such Still; and every such Licence shall remain and continue in force, from* the Date

thereof until the fifth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-nine; and if any such Chemist, Druggist, Perfumer, or other Person or Persons, (Redtifiers and

Compounders excepted,) shall use any Still or Stills for any Purpose whatever, without first taking out such

Licence for the fame, or shall make use of any other Still or Stills than such as shall be specified in such Li-

' cence, or shall make use of any such licensed Still or Stills at any Place other than the Place which shall be

specified in the said Licence, or in any House or Place other than his, her, or their usual Dwelling, or known

Place of carrying on his, her, or their Trade and Business, every such Person or Persons shall reflectively

forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon the Content or Capa-

city of every Still of one hundred and twenty Gallons, or upwards, for which any Licence shall be granted

under and by virtue of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be paid, by the

Person or Persons taking out such Licence, a Fee after the Rate of one Penny per Gallon; and for every

other Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a Fee of

five Shillings ; which Fees shall be received by and belong to the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Per-

fons appointed to grant such Licences as aforesaid ; and the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to the

Benefit of the said Fees shall also keep an exact Register of all the Licences which shall be granted by virtue

of this Act, specifying the Number and Particulars of each.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be

made appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, that any useful Processes or Experi-

ments in Chcmiltry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall require a Still or Stills of greater

13 Content

