45^

tnd for a faSfe-

quent Ofivner,

5 1. for e*ch

Mteep, and to

fuflfer fix

J Month* Impa-

irment,

Forfeitures to be

*o the Person*

fuin^t for the

fame.

Net to extend to

live ecp car-

ried for Diet of

Crew.

No live Wether

Sheep tobi (h pt

for Diet without

Licence from

the Port Officer

of the Customs.

Licence to speci-

fy the N umber

of Sheep, which

must be ftiipt

in the Presence

of the Officer,on

Penalty of For-

feiture, and io*i

for etch Sheep.

Where there is

no Officer, the

Licence to be

granted by the

Officers at the

nrareft Place,

&c.

Not to extend to

Vessel* bound to

or from any

Place between

the Mull of

Cantire andCape

Wrath j

nor to the mov-

ing Sheep from

the Mainland to

Island* within

he Firths of

Scotland, here

Estates consist of

both.

Proprietor?, &C»

of such Estates

to give Bond not

to export .*heep

to foreign Parts,

and to obtain a

Licence for so

■loving them.

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788,

House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry wherein such Offender or Of*

fenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of three Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize*

and until such Forfeiture shall be paid, so as the Whole of such Imprisonment for the Nonpayment of such

Forfeiture shall not exceed the Space of twelve Calendar Months; and in case of any further Conviction

for or upon a second or other subsequent Offence of the fame Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending

shall, upon every second or other subsequent Conviction, forfeit and pay for every such Sheep or Lamb the

Sum of five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall also suffer fohtary Imprisonment in the

Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry wherein such

Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of six Calendar Months, without Bail

or Mainprize, and until such Forfeitures shall be paid, so as the Whole of the Imprisonment for the Nonpay-

ment of the Forfeiture incurred by such second or other subsequent Offence shall riot exceed the Space of

two Years; all of which said several Forfeitures shall be for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall sue

for the fame: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise extend to subject any

Person or Persons, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, herein con-

tained, for the carrying or conveying away of any Wether Sheep, or of the Wool growing upon any such

Wether Sheep, to be carried alive in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or'

out of any of the said Isles, for and towards the only necessary Food and Diet of or for the Master or Com-

mander, Mariners, Passengers, or Persons therein, and for and towards no other Purpose whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it; further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no live Wether Sheep

shall be put or carried on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for the necessary Food or Diet of the Master or

Commander, Mariners, or Passengers therein, until an Application shall have been made to the Comptroller

and Collector of the Customs of such Port or Place where the fame are intended to be shipped, and a Li-

cence obtained from them for the shipping thereof, which Licence {hall specify the Number of Wether

Sheep so to be put on board such Ship or Vessel, and they shall in no Cafe exceed such Number as in the

Judgment of the Officers granting such Licence shall be deemed sufficient for the Use of such Master or

Commander, Mariners, or Passengers, during* the intended Voyage of such Ship or Vessel, according to

the Distance thereof, nor shall the fame be shipped but in the Pretence of the proper Officers appointed to

attend the fame, upon Pain that the Sheep so put on board thall become forfeited to the Person or Persons

seizing the fame, and the Person or Persons shipping or attempting to ship the fame shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for evfcry such Sheep, to the Person or Persons who

shall inform thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall be no Comptroller or.

Collector of the Customs at the Place where the said live Wether Sheep are intended to be shipped, that

then and in every such Cafe such Licence shall be obtained from, and the shipping of such live Wether

Sheep shall be made in the Presence of, some one or more Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Revenue

nearest to such Place, and every such Officer is hereby required to grant such Licence and to attend to and

overlook the shipping of such Sheep; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

withstanding*

V. And whereas there are, within some Parts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, very few

4 Officers of his Majesty’s Revenuebe it therefore enabled. That nothing in this Act contained with

respect to any Officer being present at the shipping of live Wether Sheep, or the granting a Licence for that

Purpose, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the shipping of live Wether Sheep on board any Ship,

Vessel, or Boat which shall be bound only to or from any Port or Place between the Mull of Cantire

and Cape JVrath, for the necessary Food and Diet of or for the Master or Commander, Mariners, Pstf-

fengers, or Persons on board such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, and for and towards no other Purpose what-

soever.

VI. And whereas in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Estates and Farms often conflft of Main-

4 land and small Islands within the different Firths or Seas adjacent, on which Island Sheep are fed and de->

4 pastured, and which, for that and other Purposes, must necefl'aVily be removed on board Boats or other

4 Vessels from one Island to another Bland, or to the Mainland, or therefrom to the said Islands $* be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not ex-

tend to prevent or hinder any Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant of such Estate or Estates, or Farm or

Farms, from moving, transporting, carrying, and exchanging from the Mainland to any Island or Islands

in the Firths or Seas adjacent, or from any such Island to another such Bland, or from thence to the Mainland

on board Boats or other Vessels, any live Sheep or Lambs, as Occasion may be or require.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any such

Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant of such aforesaid Estate or Estates, Farm or Farms, to remove,

transport, carry, or exchange, any such live Sheep or Lambs as aforesaid, until he, she, or they shall have

entered into a Bond, to the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of one

hundred Pounds, that such Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant, will not export, or knowingly permit to

be exported, to foreign Parts, any live Sheep, Lambs, Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings, or Shortlings, to

him, her, or them belonging, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and shall have delivered

such Bond to one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Officer of the Customs, or Officer of Excise,

nearest to the Residence of such Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant; and also until he, she, or they shall

have obtained a Licence for the moving, transporting, carrying, or exchanging any such live Sheep or

Lambs as aforesaid, from such aforesaid Justice of the Peace, or Officer, under his Hand and Seal; and

which such aforesaid Justice and Officer are hereby required to grant upon receiving such Bond, or at any

Time thereafter.

10 VIII. And

