A. I>. 1786, Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 16. 13

or of any Commander in Chief, to which several Offices the said Court of Directors have Liberty to

4 appoint any other Person or Persons: And whereas a Doubt may arise whether, according to the strict

4 Letter of the said Act, the Nominations and Appointments, made or to be made by the said Court of

4 Directers, Of any of the covenanted Servants of the said Company to supply the vacant Office of any

4 Counsellor or Counfeilors in any of the Presidencies aforesaid, are or would be valid or effectual, unless

4 such covenanted Servants were actually reiident in India at the Time of the making such Nominations

and Appointments respectively :* Therefore, for obviating any such Doubt, may it pieafe your raoft Ex-

cellent MajcHy that it may be enacted and declared$ and be it enacted and declared by the King’s mod

Excelled majesty, by and with* the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-*

nions, in this pretent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Nominations and Certain Nomi-

Appointroents which have been, or shall hereafter be made by the said Court of Directors, for supplying nationi of co*e-

any such Vacancy or Vacancies as aforesaid, of any Person or Persons under Covenant, or who shall have ?tnled £ervan?

been under Covenant to serve the said United Company in India, were and shall be accepted, held, and Si^on°del°f

taken to have been and hereafter to be valid and effectual, wheresoever such Persons were or may happen to cltred valid,"

be reiident at the Times of the making such Nominations and Appointments respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Direc- No Person to be

tors shall not appoint any Person to be of the Council, in any of the said Presidencies (other than the Go- appointed of the

vemor General, or the Governor or President, or Commander in Chief), who shall not, at the Time of C°until (eicept

his Appointment, have been twelve Years at the leaf!, in the Whole, resident in India, in the Civil Line of

the Company’s Service; and if any such Appointment other than as aforesaid shall be made, the fame shall whoha» not been

be null and void. J» Year* in the

Civil Line of Service.

4 III. And whereas it is in and by the said Act also enacted, That when and (b often as the Number of

4 Members of any of the Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall by Death or Ab-

4 fence, or by reaibn of Sicknefe, or otherwise, for fourteen Days, be reduced to two, including the Go-

( 4 vemor General, or President of such Council, the Person who shall stand Senior in such provisional Ap-

4 pointment as is therein before mentioned, or in case there shall be no such Appointment, then the Senior

4 Civil Servant of the said Company upon the Spot shall be called to such Council, and shall have a Voice

4 therein, in like Manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the said Directors: And whereas the

4 laid recited Clause or Provision hath been productive of Difficulty and EmbarrafTmentBe it therefore

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act, as directs

tbit the Senior Civil Servant of the Company upon the Spot shall, upon any of the Occasions, or in any

of the Events aforesaid, be called to the Council of any of the said Presidencies, or have Voice therein,

(hill be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Number of Members of any of the

Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall, by Death or Resignation, be reduced to

two, including the Governor General, or the President of such Council for the Time being respectively,

and there shall happen to be no Person on the Spot provisionally appointed to succeed to a Seat in such

Council, the Governor General and Council within the Presidency of Fort William, and the Governor or

President and Council of Fort Saint Georgiy and the Governor or President and Council of Bombay, within

their respective Presidencies, shall, and they are hereby severally required to call to such their respective

Councils such Persons from amongst the Civil Servants of the said Company in such Gbvemment or Pre-

fidency respectively, who shall have been in the Service of the said Company in India, as a covenanted

Servant, for the Space of twelve Years, at the least, in the Whole, as the said Governor Generali and

Council, or Governors or Presidents and Councils, in their several Presidencies, shall severally and re-

spectively think fit; and the Person io called shall have a Seat and Voice in Council, and continue to be a

Member thereof until the Vacancy shall be duly supplied and filled, according to the Directions of the

said recited Act, and this present Act; and that every Person who shall be so called by the said Governor

General and Council, or Governors or Presidents and Councils respectively, to a Seat in the Council of

any of the said Presidencies, shall be intitled, for the Time he shall continue therein, to the Salary and

Allowance annexed to that Office or Station, and shall and may continue to hold any other Office or

Employment which be enjoyed at the Time of his being called to a Seat in Council, if compatible there-

with; or such Office or Employment shall and may be held by any Deputy, approved and allowed by

Order in Council, during the Time of the Person so called holding his Seat at the Council Board,

such Deputy receiving the Profits and Emoluments thereof for his own Use and Benefit.

V. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act enacted, That the Commander in Chief of the

4 Company’s Forces in India for the Time being shall have Voice and Precedence in the Supreme Council

4 next after the Governor General of Fort William; and that foe Commanders in Chief at Fort Saint

4 George and Bombay, shall respectively be of the Council in the said respective Presidencies: And whereas

it may be more expedient, that any such Commander in Chief should not, by virtue of his said Office, be

a Member of any of the said respective Councils, unless he be specially appointed theretoBe it therefore

enacted, that so much and such Part of the said Act as directs, that the Commander in Chief of the Com-

pany’s Forces in India for the Time being, or the Commanders in Chief in the Presidencies or Settlements

of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall, by virtue of their said respective Offices, be a Member or Mem-

bers of any of the Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George. or Bombay, respectively, or have any Voice

or Precedence therein, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this or in any former Act contained shall extend

to preclude the Court of Directors of the said United Company horn appointing the Commander in Chief

19 of

A Clause in 24

Geo. 3. c. 25.

recited.

and repealed.

Temporary

Counfellori how

to be appointed

at Fort William,

&c.

Part of the re-

cited AO, rela-

tire to Com-

manders in

Chief, repealed*

Directors may

appoint Com-

mander in Chief

to be Governor

