*44

Preamble.

A& 24 G«0.

c.46 icci ed.

For %Years from

July 5,17S6, the

present Duties to

ceaiV, and in |ieo

thereof the Du-

ties following to

be paid, via.

For every Gallon

of Wort from

Grainj 6 d.

For everyGallon

of Cyder, See, Of

of Wash from

os her British

Materials than

Grain, $d.

For every Gallon

of Wort from

Mel a Acs or Su-

gar, 8d. 3q.

For every Gallon

from foreign

Wine, &c. if.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of the Fa-

cile*

Entry to be made

of Still-houses,

ice. previous to

working, and

C, 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Lqw Wines

and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of

other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending

Britishj Spirits; and for diicontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties

upon Rum and Spirits imported from the IFeJl Indies.

WHEREAS, by several Acts of Parliament, in force at the Time of the passing of a certain A<3

of Parliament, mad* in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, In Al

4 to dfcontinue, f:r a iimiteci Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Loiv I Pines a ml Spiritsfor Home Confuwp-

4 tiony and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regu-

4 lation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for

4 destroyiag all Home-made and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for vejling in his Majesty

the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentofb, in the County of Inverness; and for d{/continuing, for a

4 limited!imey certain Impo/ls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits importedfrom the West Indies), sundry Rates

and Duties were granted upon Low Wines and Spirits made in Great Britain^ for Home Consumption:

4 And whereas the said Rates and Duties were by the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign

4 of his said Majesty, discontinued for a limited Time, and other Duties were by that Act granted in lieu

‘ thereof for the fame "l ime: And whereas it is expedient to discontinue, for a further limited Time, the

4 Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of the said Act

4 of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, upon Low Wines and Spirits,

4 made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, and to repeal so much of the

4 said Act as is herein after repealed, and in lieu of the said Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts of Par-

4 liament in force at the Time of the passing of the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Ma-

4 jesty’s Reign, and of the said Rates and Duties so granted in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty, for

the fame limited Time, the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and hereby impofea, and also

4 to provide and enaCl the several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, and Provihons herein after

4 mentioned, for the better railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties hereby im-

4 pofedbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, for and during the Space of two Years, to be co nput:d from the

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eightyTix, the said Rates and Duties, by the said A&sofPar-

liament in force at the Time of the passing of the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Ma-

jesty’s Reign, so granted upon Low Wines and Spirits made in that Part of Great Britain called England

for Home Consumption, shall be discontinued, save only and except in all Cafes relating to the recover-

ing any Arrears thereof which may at that "Lime remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or F orfeiture, Penal-

ties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respecLvely; and that in lieu and stead of the said Rates and Duties

so discontinued, and of the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise following;

(that is to say),

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made for extracting Spirits for Home Con-

fumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, to be paid by the Makers

or Distillers thereof, the Sum of six Pence:

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wadi or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort

or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from any Mixture therewith, for

extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of five

Pence:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture

therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Conluniption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the

Sum of eight Pence three Farthings:

And for every Gallon of Wash composed of Foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash

prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extract-

ing Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of one

Shilling.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act im-

posed shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time

being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers. and

Maker and Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, (nail, four Days at the least before he, she, or they shall be-

gin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be dirtilled into

11 Low

