494

Centum otfr

that Strength,

ScC.

Spirits sent ty

Water from

England to Scot-

land, &c. to be

acc rr.p nied

vjtn a Permirt

on Penalty of

Forfeiture.

Spirits net Tab'e

to Se a ire for a

{ nail D- fi icncy

in the Gauge.

Counterparts of

Permits far ex-

porting S o 1 r i •- s

from Scotland to

be transmitted to

the Commission*

ers of hxcise in

England;

and a Duplicate

of the ( learance

to be sent to the

Port of Landing

in England.

Mr. Georpe

Bjfliop,of Maid-

stone, to pay i6s.

4d. for every q6

Gallons of Wash

made from not

more than 2 izlb.

of Corn ;

and for every

I nib. of Corn a

Credit to be al-

lowed him of 8

C lions and 1.3d

of Spirits of 1 in

6 under Hydro-

meter Proof.

Jf he fell Spirits

ftror.g-r than t

in 6 under Hy-

drometer Proof,

to be forfeited.

Undue Exeefj of

his Stock to be

forfeited.

12 Hours Notice

cf his making

Wort tobe given,

on Penalty of

200 1.

A Still to be

provided by Mr.

Eifhnp to enable

the Officers to

ascertain the

Strength of

Wort, Scc.

C. 46. • Anno vicesimo octavo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1788.

per Coition over air] above the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof rs aforesaid, then and in

such Cafe the said Spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further Duty proportioned to their

said Surplus Strength.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Spirits, made or manufac-

tured in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be sent by Water from that Part of Great Britain

called England to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any Spirits nude or manufactured in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sent by Water from thence to that Part of Great Britain

called England, the fame mall be accompanied with a Permit from the proper Officer of Excise, or, in De-

fault thereof, such Spirits, with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and

iruy be seized by any Odicer or Officers of Excise: Provided always. That no such Spirits shall be liable

to Seizure for or on Account of any (mail Difference or Deficiency in the Gauge of such Spirits at the

Time of their Arrival in Port, when the fame shall be proved to ha\e been occasioned by Accident and with-

out Fraud.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in

Scotland shall, within the Space of one Alonth after the l ime of granting any Permit for the Removal of

any Bniish-rmdc Spirits from any Port or Place in Scotland to any Port or Place in England, tran(m;t the

Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the fame to be transmitted to the Comm’lfioners of Excise in Erguir.I,

in order that the said Commissioners in England may, and they are hereby directed and required tocaulefome

proper Officer or Officers to examine and checque therewith the Permit by which such Spirits shall hate

been removed as aforesaid ; and also in order that a further Checque may be had upon the Removal of such

Spirits, a Duplicate of such Clearance llnll be forthwith transmitted to the proper Officer or Officers of the

Customs, at the Port in England where such Spirits are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and

required to compare the fame with the Spirits on their Arrival.

LXIII. 4 And whereas the Manufacture of Spirits, commonly called Mall/lone Geneva, established at

4 Alaidflone in the County of Kent, by George Bishop of that Place, which Manufacture is cllcntially different

4 from any other Manufacture of Spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the Quality of the Liquor

* as to the process by which it is made : And whereas the said Manufacture requires (o large a Proportion

4 of Wash to produce a given Quantity of Spirits, as to render it impoUible to continue the said Manu-

4 failure if the Rates of Duties prescribed by the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, and continued by this Act, be collected on each Gallon of Wash be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance-of this Act, there shall be paid by the

said George Bishop, for every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which he shall produce from a Weight of Matter

other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundicd and twelve Pounds, the Sum of

sixteen Shillings and Fourpence, being at the Rate of Two-pence and one-sixth Part of a Farthing ptr

Gallon.

■?

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every one hundred and tweVe

Pounds Weight of Malt or other Corn, before the fame is separated from the Bran thereof, so used by thefiid

George Bishop, he shall be allowed a Credit in the Books of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, of not

more than eight Gallons and onc-third Part of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of one in (lx under Hydro-

meter Proof.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said George Bishop shall notfeUor

send out any Spirits whatsoever of a greater Degree cf Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer

Proof; and if the said George Bishop shall (ell or send out any Spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent

and Meaning of this Act, such Spirits, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the fame, and the

Horles, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, made use of in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if on casting up the Stock of thefiJ

George Bishop, any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spit its contained in such Stock®

exceed the Quantity for which the said George Bishop is intitled to Credit, at the Strength of one in fix undff

Hydrometer Proof, after deducting and allowing for the Quantity of Spirits for wh:ch Permit shall have beea]

granted to the said George Bishop, then, and in every such Cafe, the Excess found shall be forfeited, and flu

and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise. I

LX VIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the said George Bishop M

make use of any Malt or Corn for the Purpose of making any Wort or Wash, he shall give twelve Hosm]

Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he shall then be, of his Intention to use tr|

fame, in order that the said Officer may attend to weigh such Malt or Corn ; and if the said George

shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of two huncx

Pounds.

LXV III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of enabling1

prooer Officer or Officers of Excise to ascertain the Strength of the Wash on which such Duty as afore:

shall have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide, and from l ime to Time keep, in his DnE-d

House at Mai stone aforesaid, a small Still, with a Worm and Tub complete, of a Size sufficiem to d:ft:

one Time twenty-four Gallons of Wash, and which Quantity of Wash such Officer or Officers is ark

hereby impowered to take and distil for the Purpose aforctaid, when and as often as he or they shall think;*j

and if twenty-four Gallons of such Wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than two Gail ore)

i->

kv

-Co

fa: i

U

yees

F;f*

('<*•'

