A. D. 1786. Anno viccfimo sexto Georg 11 III. C. roy.

Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever,

for or by reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the fame Provisions, and under the

feme Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier

can or may do by virtue of an Act, passed in the twenty-fecotid Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled*

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariner j, and Soldiers as haw been in his Majesty's Service fmce his Acccfjjon to

the Throne, to exercise Trades; and no such Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Totoi

or Place until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted^ That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed,

which shall exceed the Suni of twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In-

formation, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminsiet\ or the Courts of Great Session in the

Principality of tVales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham (as the

Cafe shall require), wherein no Eflbin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Impar-

laribe, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not

exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the

Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering

the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person

whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold ; and for want of sufficient Distress such

Justice is hereby required, in all Cafes where no particular Time of Commitment is herein before directed,

to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall

have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months, and the Money arising by all such Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall

be paid to the Clerks, or (where there are no Clerks) to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regi-

ments, Battalions, or other Bodies of Militia of the respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, where such

Offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regi-

ments, Battalions, or other Bodies of Militia respectively.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted. That no Order or Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any

County, Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant,

together with any one Tuftice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act,

shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Towm or Place wherein such

Order or Conviction was made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall (uperfede

Execution or other Proceedings, upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but

that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon $ any such Writ or Writs, or At*

lowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons,

for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months

next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause

of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter irt Evidence at any Trial to be had

thereupon: And if the jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or tf

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or

Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff 0*

Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the feme, as

any Defendant hath in other Cafes to recover Costs by Law.

CXXX V. And be it further enacted and declared. That all former Acts of Parliament relating to the Mi*

litia of this Kingdom (except only such Acts as relate to the Militia of the City of London, the Militia of

the Tower Hamlets, and the Militia of the Cinque Ports, and the two ancient Towns, and their Members)

shall be, from the twenty-fourth Day of September one thouf&nd seven hundred and eighty-six, and they are

hereby repealed ; and that the Militia raised by virtue of such of the said former Acts as are hereby repealed,

shall be subject to the Provisions and Regulations contained in this Act, in like Manner as the Militia to

be raised by virtue of this Act are subjected thereto. ' ,

CXXX VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the repealing of the said Acts shall not annul

or in any wise affect any Commission of Lieutenancy or any other Commission already granted by virtue or

under the Authority of the said former Acts, or any of them, but that the several Persons to whom such Com-

cmffions have been granted, shall and may aft, in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have

acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, in case this Act had not been made: Provided neverthe(ds, That

no Person shall act in the Execution of this Act as Deputy Lieutenant, or as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel,

Major, or Captain, by virtue of any Commission already granted as aforesaid, unlefe he is qualified as

herein before directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a Certificate, containing a spe-

ctfkk Description of his Qualification, to the Clerk of the Peace, according to the Directions of ghis

Act^ any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That all Pro-

ceeding? of General and Subdivision Meetings which have been held under and according to the former

Laws relating to the Militia, shall be good, valid, and effectual 5 and such further Subdivision Meetings

as have been ordered and directed by the last General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, within the respective

Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall be held according to such Orders and Directions, and shall be deemed

to be Subdivision Meetings held pursuant 16 the Directions herein before contained.

Ii a

CAP,

Dy

*4J

Town; fee. as

Soldiers may

under Act

si Geo.i.c.44.

How Penaftfeo

are to be reco-

vered, sod how

applied where

not otherwise

distributtd by

this AcU

Mo Order of

County Lieute-

nant, fee. to

be removed by

Certiorari.

Limitation of

Adioaa,

General I flu*

Treble CoSs,

All former Mb

litia A&» re-

pealed, except

those relating te

London, fee.

But not to an-

nul Commissions

already granted

under them,

where the Par-

tits are legally

qualified, fee*

Proceedings of

Meetings held

under former

Acts to be valid*

