424 33*

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1788.

on Wine the

Produce of the

European Do-

minions of the

French King,

Sec.

Arrears of Du-

ties and Penal-

tie? recoverable*

This Act not

to extend to the

Duties of Pack-

age, Sc c.

In lieu of the

Duties of Cuf-

tom» repealed,

the following to

to levied, viz*

King, Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of

Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spam, and the several Drawbacks allowed upon the Ex-

portation thereof from Great Britain, shall ceaie and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or al-

lowed ; save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof re-

flectively, which may, on the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, remain

unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respec-

tively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said firlf Day of September one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-eight.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal

or any wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Common-

alty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the Paid City for the Time being, or to

any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or any wife alter

- the Prizage of Wine, or the Duty called Butlerage, or to any special Privilege or Exemption to which any

Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law; but the fame shall be con-

tinued as heretofore.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and instead of the Duties of Customs hereby repealed,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money,

without any Discount whatever, upon all Wine imported or brought into Great Britain, except Wine of

the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine, Por-

tugal and Atadeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of

Spain, the several Duties of Customs herein-after mentioned ; that is to say,

For all Wine

(except French

Wine, See.)

imported in a

Brinfh-built

Ship into the

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine, except "Wine of the Produce

of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and

Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions o. the King of Spain, im-

ported or brought into the Port of London, in a British-built Ship, owned, navigated* and registered accord-

ing to Law, a Duty of twenty-nine Pounds and eight Shillings:

Part of London, 291. 8$. per Ton :

Imported in a

fr-reign Ship,

into the Port of

London, 3 31.

125. per Ton t

Imported in a

Briiift) Ship into

any other Port

inGreatBritain,

25I 4s.perTons

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before

excepted), imported or brought into the Port of London, in a foreign Ship, a Duty of thirty-tftree Pounds

and twelve Shillings:

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before

excepted), imported or brought into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London) in a British*

built Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, a Duty-of twenty-five Pounds and four

Shillings :

Imp rted in a For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before

foreign Ship in- excepted), imported or brought into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London) in a foreign

in Great^Bri^°rt Ship, a Duty of twenty-nine Pounds and eight Shillings :

t*in, 29 1. 8 s. per Ton :

Imported into

the Fort of Lon-

don in a British-

built Ship, and

entered for Piix-

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-

before excepted), imported or brought into the.Port of London in a British-built Ship, owned, navigated,

and registered according to Law, and entered for Prizage, a Duty of twenty-one Pounds eleven Smliings

and ten Pence:

age, 211. lit* 10 d. per Ton:

Imported into For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein before

the Port of L«n- excepted), imported or brought into the Port of London in a foreign Ship, and entered for Prizage, a Duty

Ship^and enm- of tfcenty-four Pounds fix Shilling and nine Pence:

ed for Prizage, 241. 6 s. 9d« per Ton :

imported into For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before

any other Port excepted), imported or brought into any Port of England (except the Port of London) in a British-built Ship,

Britishi builtn* owned, nav:gated, and registered according to Law, and entered for Prizage, a Duty of eighteen Pounds

Ship, anden- sixteen Shillings and ten Pence :

tered for Piizage, 18 1. 16 8. 10 d* per Tun:

Imported in’o For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty, two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-

any ether Pert before excepted), imported or brought into any Port of England (except the Port of London) in a

foreign Ship!* * foreign Ship, and entered for Primage, a Duty of twenty-one Pounds eleven Shillings and ten

and entered for Pence :

Prizage, ill. 11 s. iod. per Ton 1

For every Ton For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-

French wineCpt before excepted), being in Bottles exceeding three Dozen, or in a Calk or Casks exceeding ten Gallons in

