The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Waste Lands \ and for making Compensations in lieu

thereof respectively.

•48. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

in theParishof Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts.

49. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Which-

cot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Truf-

tees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances aftefting the fame,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act toimpower the Guardians of William Phillips

Inge Esquire, and of his Sifters, to make or grant building

and other Leases during their respective Minorities \ and

also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands ii> or near the

Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

51. An Act for vesting the Estate comprized in the Settle-

ment made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beau-

mont Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and

apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of.

other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled, in like Man-

ner, in lieu thereof.

gi. An Act for applying Part of the Trust Fund which was

given by the Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing

or rebuilding the Vicarage Houie of the Parish of.Barking,

in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of

Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage

House thereon.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pas-

tures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other

Commonable Places, within the Parish of Bajtngjhke> in

the County of Southampton.

54* An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Edmund

Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ and

Baron Boyle of Marston, in England, to pull down the

prefer* Parish Church of Marston Biggott otherwise Mars-

ton Bygood) in the County of Somerj let) and for building a

Hew Parish Church there.

55. An Act to enable William Bam ford Esquire, and thr

several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of

certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties

of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann

Bamford Spinster, deceased, upon the Tertns and Restric-

tions therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John

Rich Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Coun-

ties of Leicester and Warwick, in Tnrftces, to be sold, and

for applying the Money arising therefrom in Payment of

Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chan-

eery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the

Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, to the fame '

Uses.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

called Bclper Ward and Chevin Ward, in the County of

Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of

Du field. Better, Hazleivood, and Makeney, within the

Parish of Du field, in the said County of Derby.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and

also a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelvwrtb Common, \

all within the Manors arid Tything of Great and Little ’ll

Chelworth, or one of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint ‘

Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of die

Right Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the

County of Worcester, in Samuel Skey Esquire, in Fee Sim-

ple, in Exchange for another Estate of enual Value, and m-

for cftcfting a Sale of other Part of the said devised Effctas *i

to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made

by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for mvefting.

the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other

Estates, under the Direction of die Court of Chancery, to

be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

60. An Act for naturalizing Albcrtint Marianne Trefujis,

THE

^

