A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. ’ C. 46. 483

z' ^ __ /”» u r /*.11 rv. _.*/r. Tir; _ _ i\ ,r ./* ' r 1 *< A. 1 1 1__________.

Vi) Wine Measure, as aforesaid, it (lull and m3y be

Content or Capacity than that of fifty Gallons, Er^

lawful to and for the said Commissioners to authorize and direct a Licence to be granted to the Owner or

Owners of such Chemical Work or Work?, to life, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Still or Stilis of larger

Content or Capacity than as aforesaid; which Licence ihnll be in force from the Date thereof until the firth

I3ay of yuly, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and

for each such Licence a Fee of live Shillings and no more, shall be paid to the Person or Person% Officer

or Officers, appointed as aforesaid; and winch laid Chemical Works, if (pecitied in the said Order of the

Commissioners, and in such Licence, to be Lcret Works, shall not be liable to Valuation by any Officer

or Officers of Excise, excepting only under the Conditions and Limitations, according to which the

Chemical Works which are or mall be earned on by Archibald Earl of Duw'onald, his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or Assigns, may or can be lawfully vilited and examined, as herein-after mentioned and

expressied.

XX. Provided a!so, and be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon any such Vifi-

tation or Examination, it shall be found that any such Still or Stish, of such larger Content or Capacity,

has or have been used in the di{tilling of Spirits, Low Wines, or Waih, Worts, or Tills prepared from any

of the Materials aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the hid Order and Licence, such

Still or Stills, and all the Utentils thereto belonging, shall he forfeited,.and shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Owner or Owners thereof ihail forfeit and lole the Sum of two hun-

dred Pounds.

XXI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall.and may be lawful to and for

any Officer or Officers of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to enter by Day or Night

into the Still-house, or other Place or Places where any S:ill or Stills (whether the fame be licensed or not

licensed) shall be kept, worked, or used, or where any Worts, Waih, Low Wines, or Spirits, are pre-

pared, dill died, or kept, and to examine the lame; and in case any Still or Stills shall be there found in a

State of Preparation for being worked, the same not having been duly licensed, or in ca(e any Worts,

Wadi, Low Wines, or Spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

every such Still or Stilis and the Liquor therein, with all the Utensils and Implements thereto belonging or

therewith used, and also such Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or

Pofieifion any such Still, Worts, Waih, Low Wines, or Spirits shall be found, shall forfeit two hundred

Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no raw or unreftified Spirits made from

any of the Materials aforesaid for Sale or Consumption, in that Part of Great JBritain called Scotland, shall

be removed or lent from the Place of the Manufacture, without being accompanied by a Certificate sub-

feribed at such Place, at the Time of their Removal, by the licensed Dffiiller or Maker thereof, or his known

and authorised Clerk or Agent, expressing that the fame were made by such licensed DiUiller, specifying the

Kind and Quantity of such Spirits, the Number of Calks or Packages in which the fame are con-

tained, the Person to whom and the Place to which the fame are to be feat, and limiting a reasonable

Time within which the fame are to be removed and received; and that all such Spirits which shall be

removed or conveyed by Land or by Water, from one Part in Scotland to any other Part in Scotland,

without being accompanied with such Certificate, or which shall be found not to correspond or agree there-

with in all or any of the Respects aforesaid, or shall be found removing, or to have been removed contrary

thereto, or after the fame hath been expired, shall, together with the Calks, Vessels, or other Pack-

ages containing the said Spirits, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers

of Excise.

XXI1J. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Permit or Permits shall be requisite

for the first Remqval of raw or unredtified Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the

Flace or Places where the lame were made or manufactured, to any other Place or Places whatsoever in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or lie construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or change, any Act or Acts now in force

for the surveying and keeping a regular Account of the Stocks of Rectifiers and Compounders, Dealers in

and Retailers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, but that such Rectifiers, Compounders,

Dealers, and Retailers, shall remain subject to the Surveys of the Officers of Excise, and to all other Rules

and Regulations, made and provided by any Law now in force, relative to Redtifiers, Compounders,

Dealers, or Retailers, saving and excepting that such Redtifiers and Compounders, as well as Makers or

Distillers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may send out, and that such Redtifiers and Com-

pounders may receive British-mzde Spirits, of whatever Strength he, she, or they may think proper, for

Consumption or Sale in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer of Excise who shall, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, seize and bring to Condemnation any Still by this Act made

liable to Seizure and Forfeiture, (except in the Cafe of such Still or Stills being seized on the Dif-

covery of any other Person in the Manner herein-after specified,) shall be intitled to a Reward of two

Shillings and Sixpence for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity t)f such Still, including the Head

thereof, to be paid out of His Maj city’s Duties of Excise in Scotland, upon an Order from the said Com-

missioners of Excise, which Order the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to grant:

Provided nevertheless, That such Reward shall not exceed the , Sum of twenty-one Pounds for any one Still

so

l e granted fa

CJirv on Chemi-

cal Lx; trim

mails, Sec,

but if used for

d ft) Iling Spirirf,

to be forfeited,

and also 200I.

Officers may ex*

amine Mill

H’ ule«, ani any

Won or Stills

f‘und in t'rrpa^

ration contrary

to this Ac), to

be forfeited, at ad '

also aooU

No Spirits to

removed from

the Manufj&or^

without Certifi-

cate from the

Maker, of the

Quantity, See

on Penalty of

Forfeiture*

Pernvts for the~

first Removal of'

Raw Spirits, iiot

requ fiee.

Re&ifiers, See,

to be subjetf at

heretofore to

Surveys, Scc;

Rewards to Offi-

cers seizing

Stills, and to

Perfnrs difeo-

xering Stills lia-

ble to Seizure,

See.

