580

From Auf. 1,

1789, on Tea

expjnerf to

J^rley, Guern-

try, Gibraltar,

or any Place in

Europs where

there is a British

Consul, there

fh.ll be albwed

the I ke Draw-

back a* on Tea

exp -rted to Ire-

land or Ame-

rica, on the

Conditions

herein pre-

fcr:bcU«

A like Draw-

back (bail be

allowed on the

Exportation of

Tea to Africa*

How Bonds

given for the

Exportation of

such Tea shall

be discharged.

If such Tea be

reUndrd in

Britain, or at

any Place for

which it was

not shipped, the

Master to forfeit

Treble the

Value.

No larger Quan-

tities of Teas to

be exported

than shall be

allowed by the

Ticafury,

C. 59, 60. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1789.

4 Conditions: And whereas it is expedient that the like Drawbacks should he allowed on the Exportation

4 of such Teas to the Islands of Jersey and Gucrn/ey, to Gibraltar, or to any Port or Place on the Continent

4 of Europe where there shall be a feritish Consul resident for the Protection of Trade;’ be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, there shall be paid

or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters of Teas, which shall have been regularly imported into this King-

dom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajt Indies, and on which the whole

Duties of Customs and Excise shall have been paid, in case such Teas shall be exported to the Klands of

Jersey or Guern fey, or to Gibraltar, or to some Port or Place on the Continent of Europe where there shall

be a tiritifl) Consul resident lor the Protection of Trade, the like Drawback of the Duties of Customs and

Excise as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Teas to Ireland, or to the British Colonies or Planta-

tions in America, on Condition that the fame shall be exported in such and the like Manner, and under such

and the like Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Teas are now

subject and liable to upon the Exportation thereof for a Drawback to Ireland, or to the British Colonies or

Plantations in America: And provided also, That a like Bond shall be given for the due Exportation thereof,

with further Condition that the Exporter thereof shall produce a Certificate for such Teas as shall have been

entered for Exportation to the Blands of Jersey and Guernsey, under the Hand and Seal of the Lieutenant

Governor, or other-Chicf Officer, and of the Principal Officer of the Customs of such Klands reflec-

tively, within the Space of six Months from the Exportation thereof, that the fame have been duly landed

there \ for such Teas as shall be entered for Exportation to Gibraltar, that the Exporter thereof (ha!l pro-

duce a like Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or other Chief Officer there, within the

Space of twelve Months from the Exportation thereof; and that for such Teas as shall so be entered for Ex-

portation to any such Port or Place on the Continent of Europe, the Exporter shall produce a like Certificate

under the Hand and Seal of the BritiJ); Consul resident at such Place for the Protection of Trade, within the

Space of twelve Months from the Exportation thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a like Drawback shall be paid and allowed

on the Exportation of Tea to Africa, as is now allowed on the Exportation thereof to his Majesty’s Colonies

or Plantations in America, on Bond being entered into by the Merchant Exporter, with sufficient Security to

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Tea, that the fame, and every Part there-

of, shall (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed in so me Part of the

Coast of Africa, and not in any other Port or Place beyond the Seas.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Bond which shall be entered into for

the Exportation of Tea to Africa, in pursuance of this Act, shall be discharged or delivered up until Prcof is

made, by the Oath of the Matter, Mate, Purfcr, or other rerfon having charge of the Ship or Vessel during

the Voyage in which such Goods were exported, that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, were fairly

landed or disposed of, in or on some Part of the Coast of Africa, and that no Part thereof had been relanded

in any Part of Great Britain, or the Klands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, or any other Part

or Place beyond the Seas; and by the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living), that to the best of his,

her, or their Knowledge and Belief, such Goods had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in

the Oath of such Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel during the

Voyage, which Proof shall be made within three Years from the Date of each respective Bond, before the

Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port for the Time being where

such last-mentioned Bond shall be entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the

fame; and in case no such Proof shall be made as aforesaid within the respe£five Times before limited, it

shall and may be lawful for the respeSive Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain to cause such

Bond to be put in (u\t, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the fame; any Law, Custom, or

Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Teas, which shall have been

shipped for Exportation by virtue and in pursuance of this Ai\, shall be relanded in any Part of this King-

dom, or landed at any Place other than that for winch the fame shall have been ffiinped for Exportation, the

Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel, in or on

board which such Tea shall have been shipped for Exportation, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof:

Provided always. That no greater Quantities of Teas shall be exported under the Authority of this ASt

than the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or smy three of them for the Time

being, shall, tyventy-one Days previous to each Quarterly Sale of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies, authorise by Warrant under their Hands, directed to the Commissioners

of the Customs in England.

CAP. LX.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported

by the EajUlndia Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-lix. - . -

CAP.

