A.D. 178&. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C. 59.

LIU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Dirties

imposed by this Act (all Costs, Charges, and Expences, ot railing, receiving, collecting, levying,* account-

ing for, arid paying the fame, being hrdeducted) Hull from Time to Time be paid by the said respective

Commissioners of Excise into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and shall be applied to the fame Utes and Pur-

poses, and under such Regulations, as the Monies anting by the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties,

and additional Impositions or Duties upon the Produce thereof, by this Act repealed, were applicable unto

before the passing of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions,

Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Ckiules, Matters, and 1 hings, which in and by an Act, made in die twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Azi for taking envoy the Court of IVards and

Liveries^ and'Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his

Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majt fly’s Revenue of Excise upon

Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, arc provided and established, for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mi-

tigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in

such Cafes for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised,

used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering,

and paying the said Duties upon Foreign Wine h< re by granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the

said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly

repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

L V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, im-

posed by this Act, shall be feed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods,

as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture maybe feed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of

Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of his Mai eft y’s Courts of Record at

IVejlmvjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one Aloiety of every such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his ivlajetly, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or

them who shall inform, discover, or fee (or the fame.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him or them done in purfeance of this Act,

such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall

belaid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the

General Ili’qe, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any 'Trial to be had thereupon; and

if afterwards a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs shall become

nonfeited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him,

her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Treble Costs

awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information or Suit shall

be commenced and brought to 'Trial, on account of the Seizure of any Wine seized as forfeited by virtue of

this or any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties on Fo-

reign Wine, or of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or of any'Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, used or employed in

jemoving or carrying the lame, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Claimer thereof, and it shall appear

to the Juiige or Court, before whom the fame shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable Cause of

Seizure, the Judge or Court, before whom the fame shall be tried or heard, shall certify that there was a pro-

bable Cause for making such Seizure, and in such Calc the Claimant shall not be inti tied to any Colls of

Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person or Persons who made such Seizure be liable to any Action, Indictment,

or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure ; and that in case any Action, Indictment, or Pro-

fecution Avail be commenced and brought to 'Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account

of the leizing any sech Wine, or of any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, used or em-

ployed in removing or carrying the fame, whether any Information shall be brought to Trial to condemn the

fame or not, and a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before

whom such Action, Indictment, or Prosecution* shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable Cause

for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides the Thing so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled

to above two Pence Damages, nor to any Colts of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined

above one Shiliirg.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ or Process shall be feed out

against any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons aiting by his or

their Order, and in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution, or by reason of this Act, until

one Cafenczr Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the

ufeal Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Person or Persons who intends or

intend to fee out sech Writ or Process as aforesaid ; in which Notice shall be dearly and- explicitly

contained the Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whole Name

such Action is intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Atiorney or Agent;

and that a Fee of twenty Shillings, and no more, shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every sech

Notice. '

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any such Officer or Officers, or other Pcifon or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom sech Notice

shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after sech Notice shall be given, to

tender Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her, or their Agent or Attorney, and in

case sech Amends are not accq>ted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought agmlt him

or

109

Duties to be paid

into the Exche-

quer, and appli-

ed to the Pur-

poses of the re-

pealed Duties.

Powers of Ack

11 Car. a. c.

34. See. to be

put in force,

where not here*

by repealed*

How Penalties

are to be reco-

vered and di-

vided.

Limitation of

Actions.’

General Jffue.

Treble CofU*

Probable causei

of Seizure to in-

demnify the

Officer.,

No Process to be

sued out till

k Mon‘h*i No-

tice has been

given.

Fee of Notice*

Tender of A-

mrnds to be

pleaded in Uaf

o; Action.

