192

wh'efc it r.r* M

tt rrt' t-» T'ar.f.

f«i rf fc*fc

$,aio Se* oucjC.

C«we <1 I/T.e.

Tattle Ccftt.

Pr-jmMe.

7 Geo. 3. c. tj.

tyGto. 3.C.J3.

7 Cfo. 3. c. 13.

except where a1*

tcftd by this

Aa,

to continue in

force.

For appointing

Labouring (Joil-

jaetcri.

Form of La-

bouring Coal*

rnetert Oath re*

pealed.

5. 83.

Anno vicesimo (exto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

4 G ever-.or ard of Mercharrs of Great £ tni r.g to the 2-A c t~er Parts of

/nr. trie a, and f>r e.icours g.r.g tve Kfnery, are n: made l^ojfct or liable to 7 c y tn? li:d additional

4 D-t.e*,’ i: is nereoy eracted and declared, That no Transfer or Affigrrner.t of tnc said Stocks*

or o; a y Hart or ^nare uveretn reiveciweiy, in the r^pcct.. e Hooks of toe tftu CoTtocn.es, are or iiull be

b-bic to any filter or greater veto, or other Duties, t'in were payab'.r for any Transferor Alignment

ci ary Orare or Hart in or c? ter :1c £:ucics b-fore the tuning ne C a Art, or Lhcd be deemed or construed

L *0 re or to ha-e be*n, any Trir.g in Lot said Act to Lie contrary nonvith{landing.

>. t. Ar u tc :t tArLVrr enaetti dv the Aotnohty aLre;a.d, T nat ir any Pc non or He rib ns ftift!, at any Time

or I iv.r, bo Ltd, mo'efted, or pro.e: jttd for any I n r.g by him or them done or executed in purtuance of

Im* Act, Iion Hen ji or Hetions Iha’i and may pleui the Cjenrra’ Iffije, and give the special Matter tn Evi-

dence for by or ine-r Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict ihali pnfs for the De*enJant cr DefenJants,

or t;ie rbiht.!r or Hia.ntirfs breome nor.suited, then ibch Dfteniant or Defendants ihull oa^e Treble Costs

awiictd to mm o€ tutm against such Piamtirr or Malinins.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, pilled in the seventh Year of the Reign of his

prrfent Majesty, to present Frauds and Alufes in tie A dm e afar an e:i cf Coals sold by

lidcarf Keajure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof \ and between Tower

Dock and Limehouie Hole, in the County of MiddkTcx.

4 t I 7 II EREA S an A"! Wj$ passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

Cr eopce the i hird, to pi event Frauds and A I v/b \n the Admeasurement of Coals, fob a by Uhaf

4 Measure, 1vtti.in the C iy of London and the Liberties there:/, and between Tower Dock arid Limehouse

4 Hole, in the Count/ of SLcdiesex; which Act was to continue in force for fourteen Years: And whereas

the I erm of the Cud Act was, by an Act pallid in the Lventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present

Majesty, continued until the first Day of ‘June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven

4 huimrcd and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas

the Cud Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty hath been useful, and productive

4 of much Benefit to the Publick, but might be rendered (till more so, if the fame was explained and amended,

and tome further Provisions made for preventing Inconveniencies, which were not foreseen, nor sufficiently

4 provided against by the said former Act:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament atlembled, and by the Authority of the

lame. That the said recned Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and continued by

the subscqumt Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, and all the Powers,

Penalties, f orfeitures, Remedies, Provisions, Rules, (Jrdtrs, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

given, granted, ordered, appointed, prelcribed, inserted, and contained therein (other toan and so far as the

Cm?*, or any uf them, are respectively varied, altered, explained, rendered unneceiEary, or other wise pro-

vided for, by this present Act', shall be exercised, practised, used, enforced, and put in Execution, during

th? Continuance, and for the Purposes of this present Act, in as full, extensive, and beneficial Manner, to

all Intents and Purposes, as if ne laid l owers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Provisions, Rules, Orders,

Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly expressed and again enacted in the Body of this

frefent Act; and also, that this Act Ihali take El Feet, continue, and be in force, from tire twenty-fourth

)ay of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, until the said first Day of June, which will be in

the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight (being the Remainder now to come and

unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act of the leventeenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty), and Irom thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament.

ii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for

the principal Land Coal-meters, within the Limits of this Act, or any one of them, and they, or any one

of them, are and is hereby authorised, directed, and required to appoint, from 'Time to Time, a sufficient

Number of Persons to be Labouring Coal-mcters, within the said Limits; one or more of which laid La-

bouring Coal-meters shall attend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses,

or other Places of Sale, within the Limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be stationed by the principal

Land Coal-meters, or any one of them, during the Continuance of this Act, at such Times as-is required by

the Wharfinger, or Dealer in Coals, where such Meter or Meters is or are stationed, to measure out, or fee

measured, the Coals which shall, Irom Time to Time, be sold at any of the Wharfs, Warehouses, or Places,

where such Labouring Coal-meters (null be so stationed as aforesaid.

/ 4 III. And whereas, by the said Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That

4 no Person shall be capable of acting as one of the Labouring Coal meters to be appointed under the said Act,

4 until he shall take an Oath, that he will truly and impartially measure all Coals, between Buyer and Seller,

4 without Favour or Hatred: And whereas it hath been found very difficult to comply therewith be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of the Oath required by the said Act to be taken shall

be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and no Pei foil appointed, or to he appointed, under the Authority of

this and the said Act, shall be capable of acting as one of the Labouring Coal-meters, until he shall, betcre

one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City of London (who is and are hereby autho-

