4*

Part of recited

Ade 2i and 22

Ceo. 3. repealed.

C rants for the

Encouragement'

of Growth, See,

of Hemp and

Flax put under

Management of

tfct Treasury.

Bountiet conti-

nued for 7 Year*.

Claims for*Boun-

ties to be exbi-

bited to a Jus-

tice, to be laid

before the Quar-

ter Session*

Claimants mo ft

give Bond that

the Bountiet

have been pro-

perly claimed.

At every Quarttr

Sessions the

Bounties granted

rnuft be publish-

edt and Claim*

fcqut ed:

And at Miofunu

mer Session*

annually the

C. 43. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

fiippreflfed, abolished, and taken away, and the Duty and Business done, or which might legally be done,

4 by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, and all Authorities, Powers, and Jurifoidions, given to

the said Commissioners by any A d or Acts of Parliament, were to be held and exercised, under die former

4 Directions andTrufts, ty any Committee or Committees of his Majesty’s Privy Council, which his

Majesty should be pleafejtodired and appoint during his Royal Pleasure: And whereas feme Difficulties

4 have arisen as to the Mode of applying to the Privy Council, since the Suppression of the Board of Trade,

4 whereby the said Bounties have not been duly paid, nor the Growth of Hemp and Flax sufficiendy en-

4 couraged; and it is necessary and expedient, for more fully answering the Intention of the Legislature in

4 passing the said Acts, that the Term of the said Act of the twenty-first Year of his Majesty’s Reign

4 {hould be further continued, and certain Alterations and Additions for improving the Plan or Method of

4 paying and distributing the said Bounties {hould be made May it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said Acts of the twenty-first and twenty-second Years

of his present Majesty’s Reign as relates to putting the Management and Direction, or the Distribution and

Payment of the Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, or eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of

Money which have already grown due and been kept apart, or shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart,

for the Encouragement of railing and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, under the Commissioners

for Trade and Plantations, or any Committee of his Majesty’s Privy Council, shall be and is hereby

repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Distribution and Payment of the said Sum of

eight thousand Pounds per Annum, or eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums ot Money which have al-

ready grown due and kept apart, or shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of

raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the tenth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and every Matter and Thing for the Appropriation thereof, according

to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the seventh of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall be, and is

hereby put under the Management and Direction of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commis-

iioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being.

III. And be it enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement of die Growth of Hemp

and Flax In that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be applied, distributed, and paid, in

Bounties yearly, a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid out of, the

Arrears now in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and out of the After-produce of the said Duties; at the

Rate of three Pence per Stone for every Stone of Hemp weighing fourteen Pounds, and four Pence for

every like Stone of Flax, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and in every subsequent Year, during the Space of seven Years,

to be paid to the Grower, or other Person who breaks and properly prepares such Hemp or Flax for

Market.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grower, or Person claiming, and who

shall be intided to the said Bounty, shall sign and exhibit his Claim to one of the Justices of the Peace for

the County, Riding, or Place within which the Hemp or Flax has been raised: mentioning in such Claim

of what Crop the fame is, and the Farm or Ground on which the Hemp or Flax grew 5 and which Claim

shall be likewise attested by two of the Parish Officers of the same Parish with the Claimant or Grower,

who shall certify, that they believe the Truth of the Particulars contained in such Claim; and which Claim,

when so attested, the said Justice is hereby required to countersign and transmit to the Clerk of the

Peace, to be by him laid before the Justices for the County, Riding, or Place at their next General Quarter

Sessions.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall claim and receive any of

the Bounties herein before granted shall, at or before the Time when he shall receive the same, enter into a

Bond or Security to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, of the said Counties, Ridings, or Places

respectively, with two sufficient Securities, to be approved of by the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions

for the County, Riding, or Place within which the said Hemp or Flax grew, in the penal Sum of Treble the

Value of the Bounty claimed and received, and of the Hemp or Flax for which he shall have claimed

and received the same, with Condition, that such Person is duly intitled to the said Bounty, according to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act -9 which Bond shall and may be put in Suit, under the Orders

and Directions of the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being,

against every such Person or Persons as the Cafe shall require; and all Sums of Money so recovered, shall

be put into the Hands of the Treasurer of the respective Counties, and be applied, in the first Place, towards

defraying the Charges and Expences of prosecuting the fame, and the other Charges attending the Ex-

ecution of this Act j and the Remainder towards the Fund, out of which the said Bounties are to be

granted. ,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices, in each County, at their

Quarter Sessions, at Michaelmas next after passing this Act, and at every following General Quarter Sef-

fions, during the Continuance of this Act, (nail, and they are hereby required before their Adjournment rc-

spectively, to advertise and publish the Bounties by this Act granted, and the Conditions necessary to be com-

plied with before the lame can be received, with Directions for all Persons claiming the Bounties to deliver

4Q their Claims in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices shall, at their General

Quarter Sessions at Midsummer in each Year, before the same shall be adjourned, publish, in like Manner

1 as

