The TITLES of the STATUTE S.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the

Pariftr of Harvingtony in the County of Worcester,

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Com-

mon Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Alethley, in the

County of York.

25. An Act to effcftuatc and establish an Exchange between

the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and

his Trustees, with the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of

tbc College of the Lady Frances Sidney Suffexy in the

University of Cambridge, of the Advowlon and Right of

Patronage of and to the Rcftory of Saint Mary IVecky

otherwise IVeek Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall,

for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the

Vicarage of IVtlJhaniflead otherwise Wiljlead, in the

* County of Bedford.

26. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Not-

tingbam, intailed by the Will of the Right Honourable

Henry I Villi am Arundell Viscount Gallway^ in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom

in the Purchase of Estates situate in the Weft Riding of the

County of York, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and

County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Benjamin

Borlowy decealed, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying

out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in

lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

i%. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and cer-

tain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of

Moor Monktorty in the County of the City of York,

29. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commonable

Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of

Atoerjhncy in the County of Warwick,

| 30. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the

| Open Fields and otherXands and Grounds within the Pa-

' rim of Rave ley, in the County of Huntingdon,

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common

Failures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Pa-

rilhes of Sinning ton with Marton and Ed(loney in the

North Riding of the County of York,

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or

Waste Lands within the Manor of Ashn otherwise Aston

Abbotin the County of Salop,

33. An Act for velting Part of the settled Estates of Denys

Rolle and John Rolley Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust,

to fell the lame* and to purchase Estates contiguous to the

principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to

fee settled to the Uses of the Estates velted in Trustees for

Sale.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields,

Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and

Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs

Waldeny in the Parish of WomerJJey, in the Weft Riding of

the County of York,

jy. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wtston upon

Trenty in the County of Derby,

36. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Charles

Philip Lord Stourtony and the Right Honourable Mary

Lady Stourtony his Wife, the Right Honourable Hugh

Lord Cliffordy and the Right Honourable Apjoolonia Lady

] Cliffordy his Wife, and Robert Butler Esquire, and the

1 Honourable Elizabeth Butlery his Wife, to charge their

i Estates at Holmey in the East Riding of the County of

' York, with a competent Sura of Money for the Purpose of

' improving the lame, and also to grant building and other

Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the

Counties of York and Stafford,

*37. An Act to enable the lurviving Parties to certain Arti-

cles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the

Honourable John Darner, ecceased, with the Honourable

Annfeymour Conway-(now Ann Damcry Widov/), to in-

fert in the Settlement to be executed* in pursuance of the

said Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of forty

thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said Articles men-

tioned.

38. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settle-

ment of Lord and Lady Camelfcrdy and for making a fur-

ther Provision for the younger Children of the fakl Mar-

riage.

39. An Act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands

and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses,

and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and con-

cerning the fame, by the Settlement made on the Marriage

of William John Spearman Wafey Esquire, and Elizabeth

Flonoria, his Wife.

40. An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Shipton•

Esquire, deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees,’

to be fojd and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and

certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and

for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by l'uch

Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the

Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned.

41. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter

Stanhope and John Shuttleworth Esquires, in the Counties

of York and Derby’y in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged,

and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates io to

be fold, in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses,

and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant building and

repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election m$de

between the said Parties respecting the said Estates.

42. An Act for effiefting an Exchange between Rebecca

Afbcton Widow, and the Right Honourable James Earl

of Salifiury, of certain small Parts of their Estates in the

County of Herts.

43. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the set-

tled Estate of Samuel Williamfony a Lunatick) of and in

certain Lands in Liverpool in the County of Lancrjlery in

Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of

Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom

in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the feme

Uses.

44. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard

Parry Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wah'Sy

in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising

by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the

fame and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for

substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in

lieu thereof.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor

and Parish of Broughtony in the County of Northampton,

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Manor o\ Huddersfieldy in the

County of York,

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, with-

in the Parish of Camvicky in the County of the City of Lin-

colny and for separating, dividing, and appropriating, an

Open Common called Canwicky or The South Commofty

adjoining thereto ; and for extinguishing certain Rights ot

Common in and upon the feme, and also in and upon the

feid Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and

