200

No Timber in

the said Forefls,

Arc. to be sold

without a War-

rant of the

Treasury.

ft* Car. 2. c. 6.

and

ft* & 23 Car. *.

c. 24. recited$

and such Parti as

relate to Rents

within the Sur-

rey of the Ex-

chequer veiled

in Trustees, and

not by them

fold, to be re-

pealed!

and the foid

Kents tube veil-

ed in his Ma-

jtfty.

Commissioners

may agree for

the Sale of

Rents at the best

Prices they can

procure, not be-

ing under the

Rates following,

viz.

For Rents of

10 s. per Ann.

and upwards, 24

Yeats Purchase c

Fromms, to 10 s.

per Ann. 1%

Years Putchafe.

From 1«. and

under 5 s. 20

Years Purchase.

Owners of the

Lands to have

the Preference

in purchasing the

Rents on certain

Conditions.

Commissioners

to certify Pur-

fttufers to the

C. 87. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

rand Pounds in any one Year, to be by them employed in the Payment of the aforesaid Salaries of the Clerks

and Officers by them employed in the Execution of this Act; and {hall also, from Time to Time, issue to

the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, out of the Monies aforesaid, such further Sums as shall be ne-

ceflary to defray the Expences of taking any Surveys or Valuations, or ilfuing and executing Commissions

of Surveys and Enquiry, and other contingent and actual Charges, which shall be by them necessarily incur-

red in the carrying the Purposes of this Act, and the Enquiries thereby directed, into Execution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Sale {hall be made of any

of his Majesty’s Timber or Wood, within or upon any of his Majesty’s Forests, Chafes, Parks, or other

Grounds whatsoever, by any of his Majesty’s Surveyors of Keepers, or by any other Persons intrusted with

the Care thereof, unlefsby special Warrant to be issued for that Purposeby the Lord High Treasurer, or the

Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, upon Requisition to them made by the said Commis-

sioners appointed by this Act.

4 X. And whereas, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

4 King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee Farm Rents and other Renisy

4 and of an Act passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of the fame King, intituled,

4 An Act for vr/ling certain Fee Farm Rents, and other small Rents, in Trustees, all Fee Farm Rents, Rents

4 Service, Rents Seek or Dry Rents, Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Cattle Guard Rents, and other Ser-

4 vices, within the Survey of the Exchequer (except as therein excepted), were vested in certain Trustees in

4 the said last mentioned Act named, and their Heirs, in order to be by them fold, conveyed, and disposed of,

4 according to the Directions and Instructions of the fame Acts, or one of them ; with a Proviso in the said

4 lalf mentioned Act contained, that until Sale {hould be made of the said Rents, the Receiver or Receivers

4 General should and might receive, collet, and gather the fame: And whereas, under and by virtue of the

4 said two recited Acts, the greater Part of the large Rents within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer

4 were sold by the said Trustees, and the Residue thereof, now remaining in Charge at the Exchequer, con-

4 fist chiefly of very small Rents, the Collection or Payment whereof is a great and constant Charge to

4 the Crown, and troublesome and vexatious to the Subject; and it is therefore expedient that the lame

4 should be fold :* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said two several recited Acts of the twenty-

second and twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles

the Second, and the Letters Patent in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the fame Acts or Letters

Patent relate to or concern any Fee Farm or other Rents within the Survey of the Exchequer, by or

under and by virtue of the fame Acts vested in the said Trustees, and not by them fold or disposed of,

or the Appropriation of the Money to arise by Sale thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed and

vacated.

XI. And be it further enacted. That all the said Fee Farm and other Rents, within the Survey of the

Exchequer, by or under or by virtue of the said two several recited Acts, or either of them, vested in the

said Trustees, and not by them fold or disposed of, shall be, and are hereby declared to be in the actual Seifm

and Possessionof his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in as full and ample Manner, to.all Intents and Pur-

poses, as the fame would or could have been if the said Acts and the said Letters Patent, or any of them, had

not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners ap-

pointed by this Act, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Cor-

porate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Quit Rents, Chauntry Rents,

Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontiel Rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimprovable Rents, due

and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Survey and Receipt of his Majesty’s Exche-

quer, at or for the best Prices or Considerations, in Money, which the said Commissioners {hall be able to

procure for the fame, not being less, for any Rent amounting to or exceeding one Shilling per Annum, than

after the several Rates of Purchase following; (that is to say).

For any Rent amounting to ten Shillings per Annum, or upwards, not less than twenty-four Years Pur-

chafe of the Net Amount thereof, after deduding the Land Tax chargeable thereon :

the Net Amount.

For any Rent amounting to five Shillings per Annum, and being under ten Shillings per Annum, not less

than twenty-two Years Purchase of the Grols Amount thereof:

And for any Rent amounting to one Shilling per Annum, and being under five Shillings per Annum, not less

than twenty Years Purchase of the Grols Amount thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the immediate Owners of the Lands or Here-

ditaments whereout any Rents hereby made saleable are iflfuing or payable, shall be preferred in the Purchase

thereof to all others, so that such Owners {hall respectively pay and discharge all Arrears of Rent due

from them, and tender themselves in Person, or by Agent, before the said Commissioners hereby appointed

to contract for the Purchase thereof, before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight.

• XIV. And, for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforesaid Rents to therespective Purchasers thereof, at

4 a small Expence, and to relieve the said Commissioners from the Charge and Account of the Purchase Mo-

4 nies p be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are

hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the said Commissioners hereby appointed, under

the

