A.D. 1788;

Anno vicejfimo octavo Georgii III.

4 75

C. 40

FrefhBeef - -

Frcih Pork -

T urkeys - . - -

Oak Timber squared, per Cubic Foot, -

Ditto Plank 3 to Inches thick, per Square Foot,

Ditto—ditto 14 to 2 Inches -

Barrel Staves, fit for the West Indies, 3 Feet 6 Inches, long, 4 Inches

broad, and 1 Inch thick, -

Heading, 2 Feet 6 Inches long, 5 to 6 Inches broad, and one Inch thick,

Squared Pine Timber, -

Pine Boards, 12 Feet long, 1 Inch thick, 12 Inches broad,

Ditto-----i $ Feet long, 1 Inch thick, and 12 Inches broad,

Ditto-----18 Feet long, 1 Inch thick, and 12 Inches broad,

Ditto-----10 Feet long, 1 Inch thick.

Ditto-----12 Feet long, 2 Inches thick.

Hoops, 12 Feet long, -

Shingles

JVindward Islands West India Rum - - ,

Jamaica Rum - t

Horses .....

Neat Cattle ....

/. s. d.

Sterling.

0 0 z

0 0 4

0 1 9

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

4 10 0

4 10 0

0 0 2

2 2 6

2 15 0

3 10 0

1 *5 0

3 7 6

3 0 0

0 12 0

0 1 9

0 2 0

*5 0 0

8 0 0

^ Per lb.

each.

Per Foot.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet.

Per Cubic Foot.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet.

Per thousand Feet,

Per Gallon.

Per Gallon.

Per Head.

Per Head.

CAP. XL.

An Act forgiving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties,

during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his

Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation

to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Ccffion of

the Province of Eajt Florida to the King of Spain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Inquiries have been made, under the Authority of several Acts of Parliament, made

4 Vy and passed in the twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-seventh Years of your

Majesty’s Reign, into the Lofies of all such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during

the late unhappy Diflenfions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Attach-

4 ment to the British Government; and also under the Authority of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year

4 of your Majesty’s Reign, into the Lofies of all such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in con-

4 sequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And whereas it is confident

4 with your Majesty’s Munificence, and the Plonour and Character of the British Nation, that liberal Re-

4 lief should be given in Consideration of the Loffcs of all such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and

4 Properties, during the late unhappy Diflenfions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to your

Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and that Compensation should be made to such

4 Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East^Florida

4 to the King of Stain May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That the said Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lofies and Services of such Persons who have

suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Profcftions, during the late unhappy Ditlcnfions in America, shall,

on or before the first Day of January one thousand leveiuhundred and eighty-nine, make up and transmit to

the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, now or for the Time being, a Book or Books signed by

themselves, or any two or more ol them, containing the Names and Additions of all the several Persons

who have already, or who before the said first Day of January one thousand (even hundred and eighty-nine,

{hall have produced satisfactory Evidence of their Lofies, with the Amount of the Lofies sustained by each

Person respectively, as the fame have been or shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners

respectively; abating therefrom, in the Cafe of all Persons coming within any of the CiafTes reflectively

described, in the Statement of the Claims examined by the said Commissioners, under the Titles of Loyalijls

who have rendered Services to Great Britain; Loyalijls' who bore Arms in the Service of Great Britain ;

Loyalijls Zealous and Uniform; Loyalijls who took Oaths to the American States, but afterwards joined the

British; Loyalijls who bore Anns for the American States, but afterwards joined the British; and Loyalijls

JuJlaining LoJJes under the Prohibitory Act; ten Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten

thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such Lofies shall not be above thirty-five thousand Pounds; fifteen

Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such

Losses mall be above thirty-five thousand Pounds, and not above fitty thousand Pounds; and twenty

Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as {hall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such

Lofies shall be above fifty thousand Pounds; and also abating therefrom in the Cafe of all Persons coming

' within

Preamble.

J3y Jan. f, 1789*

the Commission-

ers appointed to

enquire into the

Losses of Ame-

rican Sufferers

to transmit to

the Treasury the

Names of those

who shall have

produced fatil-

fadtory Proofs

of their l.offcs,

with the Amount

of the fame;

dtdudting 'here-

from th Pro-

portions ere-

in mentioned,

and the Sums

paid on Account;

9

