■*3»

Commlflioneri

may receive

Halt Phjt on

tak ng the

following

Oath*

In case of the

Death. Sec. of

a Commissioner

during the Re-

cess of Parlia-

ment. In a Mi*

jesty may ap-

point another.

Continuance of

this Act,

C. 69—71. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

demanded for the IflTuing and Payment of the fame, or on the patting of the said Accounts, other than

such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, Hull appoint; and which Money so

idued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Alfefllnent wiutsoever, imposed by Authority of Par-

liament.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the said Commissioners being on Half Pay, as an

Officer of the Navy or Army, shall be intitled to receive such Half Pay, notwithstanding any Compensation

that may be made to him for executing the Powers of this Act, on his taking the following Oath before (brae

Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the fame :

44 T A\ B. do swear, That I had not, between any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

44 A or Military, under his Majesty, besides such Compensation as shall have been or may be made to me

44 as a Commissioner for enquiring into the LotTes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their

44 Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions \n America, in consequence of

44 their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.”

And the taking the said Oath dull be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half Pay, without taking

any other Oath; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by

Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners, during the Recess of Parliament, it

shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think

proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person, so nominated and appointed, shall be

held and considered to be invested with all the fame Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed

by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act (lull continue in force for one Year, from the fifteenth

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and no longer*

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year,

beginning the twenty-filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An At1 for Irani*

ing to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein

mentionedfor the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix ; and forfurther appropriating

the Supplies granted in this Sejfon of Parliament.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering

Horses.

Preamble.

From July *0,

1786. efery Per-

son keeping a

Slaughtering

House, to take

out a Licence,

See.

4 TT 7 HEREAS the Practice of dealing Horses, Cows, and other Cattle, hath of late Years increased

4 VV to an alarming Degree; and hath been greatly facilitated by certain Persons of low Condition, who

4 keep Houses or Places for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses and other Cattle P For Remedy whereof, be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That,

from and after the twentieth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six,

no Person or Persons shall keep or tile any House or Place, for the Purpose of slaughtering or killing any Horse,

Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Afs, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other

Cattle, which shall not be killed for Butchers Meat, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, at

the General Quarter Sessions held for the County, Riding, City, Town, District, Division, or Liberty,

wherein such Slaughtering House or Place shall befituate; and the Justices of the Peace, at their General

Quarter Sessions assembled, arc hereby authorised and impowered to grant such Licences as aforesaid, upon a

Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Minister and Churchwardens, or Overseers, or of the Minister

and two or more substantial Householders of the Parish wherein the Person or Persons applying for such Li-

cence shall dwell, that such Person or Persons is or are fit and pro[>er to be trusted with the Management and

carrying on such Buiinef as aforesaid : Provided always. That, in case of the Death of any Person to whom

such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, it shall and may be lawful for the Widow, or personal Representa-

tive of such Person so dying, to carry on the said Business until the then next ensuing General Quarter Sessions

of the Peace.

Juftkei to grant II. And be it further enacted. That every such Licence shall be signed by the Justices of the Peace affem-

L'cences, *hich b|cc| at such General Quarter Sessions, or by the major Part of them ; and a Copy of every such Licence

veto te enter* , entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace of the County wherein the

fame shall be so granted as aforesaid ; and that all and every Person and Persons shall have Liberty, at all

l imes (Sundays excepted)^ between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, to learch the

Office of such Clerk of the Peace wherein any such Copy dull be entered or kept*and to make an Extract or

ixua£ts

