C. 28

36a

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Maker or Makers shall begin to draw from his, her, or their Annealing Arch, any such Cad Plate Glass

without giving such Notice as is in that Behalf he rein-before directed to be given, he, (lie, or they shall, for

Penalty on Ne- each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds: Provided always, That if any such Maker

gic* or Makers, having given any such Notice as aforesaid, shall not begin and proceed to draw out of hrs, her,

If such Glass be or their Annealing Arch all the Cast Plate Glass by him, her, or them then intended to be drawn out of such

not drawn out Annealing Arch at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time, then such Nb-

5*n a* iTwithin *cc vo*^ ’ an<^ ^a^er or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice to such Officer of the

nn* Hoerof tie Time when such Calf Plate Glass is intended to be drawn from such Annealing Arch.

Time mentioned in the Notice, it is void.

*If GUfs be not

Squared ano

weighed as be-

fore directed,

-the Officer to

charge the Duty

thereon at the

Ra*e of 11. 1 a,

5 d. 2 q. for

♦very Cwt. of

^he Materials ;

-at which Rate

be is to make a

Charge on the

Materials in

every Cafe where

.the Plates do

.not weigh two-

thirds of the

Weight of such

Materials,

All Cast PJate

Glass not

fqnsred into

Plates, to he

b-oken into

imall Pieces, on

.Penalty of 501.

If Cast Plate

.Olafi he re- '

rt'oved befoiethe

Duty iicharged,

.the Maker to

-forfeit 50 1. anal

,che Glass.

An Account to

he kept by the

Maker of the

Waste of the

Materials in

maJongtheSorts

of Glass herein

enumerated,

from July I,

4787, till Jon. I,

J7S8, &c.

TUittes to be

kcr as

direlted by any

Alts now in

force concerning

the Duties on

GUfs, 9c,c.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Maker or Makers shall

neglect or refuse to square, in the Presence of such Officer, any such Ca(t Plate Glass immediately on the

fame being so drawn out of the Annealing Arch, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh any such Cast Plate Glass

immediately on the fame being squared, together with the Cullett arising from the squaring thereof, in the

Presence of such Officer as aforesaid, such Officer shall, in each and every such Cafe, charge such Maker or

Makers with a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and live Pence Halfpenny for

each and every Hundred Weight of the Metal, Materials, and other Preparations made use of in the making

of such Cast Plate Glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time any Plate or Plates of Cast

Plate Glass, together with the Cullett cut off in (quaring such Plate or Plates, shall not weigh two-thirds of

the grols gauge Weight which the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations from whence the fame shall be

produced, gauged in the Founding or Melting Pot or Pots, after the fame was or were skimmed, the Defi-

ciency shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently conveyed away; and it (hiill and may be lawful

to and for the Officer, under whole Survey such Maker or Makers shall be, to charge such Maker or Makers

for the Quantity so being deficient with a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and

five Pence Halfpenny for every Hundred Weight of the Metal, Materials, and other Preparations made use of

in the making of such Cast Plate Glass.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Cast

Plate Glass shall break into small Pieces, to the Satisfaction of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey

such Maker or Makers shall be, immediately upon being requested so to do by such Officer, all Cast Plate

and all Cullett which shall not be squared into Plates according to the Directions of this Act, so as to render

such Glass and Cullett unfit for any Purpose but that of re-melting; and if any such Maker or Makers

shall neglect or refuse so to do, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Cast Plate Glaft

shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away from the Glass House in

which the fame shall be made, any Cast Plate Glass by him, her, or them made, until the proper Officer

shall have taken an Account thereof, and the Duty imposed for or in respeCfc thereof shall have been duly

charged, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and all such Glals which

shall be removed or sent away contrary to the Directions of this A& shall be forfeited, together with the

Package containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker or Manufacturer of any

Plate, Flint, Enamel, Stained, or rafte Glass, or of Spread Window Glass, commonly called BroadGlajst

or of Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flatbed, or otherwise manufactured, commonly

called Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, or of commorr Bottles and Vessels made use of in chemical La-

boratories, or of Garden Glasses, or any other Vessel or Veilbls made of common Bottle Metal, shall, from

and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and until the first Day of

January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, keep an exact

and distinct Account of the real Waste of all Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, which shall from

Time to Time arise or be incurred in the making or manufacturing any of the Sorts of Glass herein-before

enumerated; and that within six Weeks after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-eight, such Maker or Manufacturer shall transmit a Copy of such Account to the Commissioners of

Excise in England and Scotland respectively; which Account shall be verified upon Oath by such Maker or

Manufacturer, or his or her chief Workman or Servant, before any one or more of the said Commissioners

j-espectively, or before the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District in which such

Maker or Manufacturer shall reside.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Dories by this

Act imposed shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways

and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power

of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such

Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as by any

Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the Duties imposed for or in respect of the Materials,

Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allow-

ing a Drawback upon Glass, is directed or prescribed; and that the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained,

for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering^ securing, or paying the said Duties so imposed, for or in

respect of the Material or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or in

respeit of the paying or allowing any Drawback upon Glass, are and shall be continued, practised, and pot

in

c.oooole

