The TITLES of

plying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the

Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and

repairing the said Bridge.

38. An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment

of Debtors imprisoned by Procefe from Courts instituted

for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim

of Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cafes of such Im-

prisonment j .and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the

Commissioners.

39. An Act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the

Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places, and for open-

ing new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town

of Nnvcastle upon Tyne9 and the Liberties thereof, and for

removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for

regulating the publick Markets, and Common Stage

Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

40. An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and

for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in ob-

taining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine

relanding of Goods.

41. An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of

theFifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas, and Davis's

Sir eights.

42. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain.

43. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act,

passed in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for

the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in

that Part of Great Britain called England.

44. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect

to the Imprisonment of their Persons ; and to oblige

Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison be-

yond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are

mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of, and deliver

upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

45. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for the Encouragement of the Pilchard rifhery, by allow-4

ing a further Bounty upon Pilchards takenr cured\ and

exported.

46. An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the

Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and

Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland.

471 An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money,

and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Court of Ad-

miralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and

the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Com-

missary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the

Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof; and for regulat-

ing the Nomination of the said Judges.

48- An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue

the Sums granted out of the fame, in this Section of Pari la-

ment, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the

judges of the Courts of Section, Justiciary, Exchequer,

and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court

of Edinburgh.

49. An Act for graming^o his Majesty certain Stamp Duties

on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein

mentioned; and on Licences to be taken out by Persons

uttering or vending the fame.

50. An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale

Fishery.

5*. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and

for preventing Frauds on the said Duties.

52* An Act for the more effectually,preventing the fraudulent

the STATUTES.

Removal of Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader

for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds

before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon To-:

bacco of the Growth of the Britifu Plantations, and the

United States of America.

53. An Act ro continue teveral Laws relating to the giving

furtherEncouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores

from the British Colonies in America ; to the Allowance

upon the Exportation of Britifj-made Gunpowder ; to the

further encouragingthc Mauufadureof British Sail Cloth ;

and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth ; to the

granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce;

or Manufacture-of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies,

directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain,

and navigated according to Law ; to the importing Salt

from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to

the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation

of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease ; to the permitting tbs

free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom ;

to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes,

Wov d and Weed Aihes, imported into Great Britain, and

for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the regifteiing

the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of

Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported ;

and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of

FJax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and'

continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Draw-

back of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be con-

fumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and'

to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp

and rough and undressed Flax from his Majesty’s-ColonicS

in America.

54. An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the

Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp'

Office rateable to the Land Tax, in Shue Lane Ward,

within the Division of Saint Clement Dane and Sait.t Mary

le Strand, in the Liberty of IVe/imhjh>*, n^twiihfhnding

the said Office should be removed into any other Division or«

Place.

55. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the

County of Middlesex to raile Money, in Manner therein'

mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the

faiJ County.

56. An Act for obliging* Overseers of the* Poor to make

turns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein,

relative to the* State of the Poor.

57. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons

accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies ;

for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fom ch

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act

for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of'

the East India Co?upany9 and of the British Poffcjions in '

India, and for ejlallshing a Court of Judicature for tin:

more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences

committed in the Ealr'Indies, as requires the Servants of the

lie ft India Company to deliver Inventories of their Ellans

and Effects ; for rendering the Laws more effectual again*?:

Persons unlawfully ?vto. ting-to the East Indies; and (nr

the more easy Proof, in certain Cafes, of Deeds and Writ-

ings executed in Great Br itain or India.

58. An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of ad Cha-

ritable Donations, for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the*

several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Bri-

tain called England.

59. An Act for repealing certain Duties' now payab:e oa*

Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu*

thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Com-

rnUIioners of Excite,-

60* An*

