*34

Du'iei to he un-

der rhr Manage-

ment of the

Cofnrr.ifiionen

«»t Revenue ’n

Scotland, &c.

This A£V not to

dischatg* Penal-

ties already in-

curred, &c. n< r

tf> repeal the

Law* respr^ir g

Exportation to

foreign Parti,

Sec,

Earl of Dondo-

fiald to (:ire the

Officer an Ac-

count of hi*

Still-, Scc.

Officer not to

insped hi*

Wui khousei.

Sec. without

Order fiom the

Comm fliooers

of Eiciiie j or

Information of

their being ille-

gally worked.

If found to be

illegally worked,

to be forfeited,

dec.

Persons oh-

Uniting Offi-

cers in their Du-

-tj forfeit 2001.

Power*, dee. of

Act 12 Car. a,

c. 14, Sec. ex-

tended to this

A£.

How Penaltiei

ere to be reco-

vered and ap-

plied.

C. 64. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties on Licences by this Act granted, shall be under

the Receipt, Collection, and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of

Excise in Scotland for the 1 mie being, and shall be appropriated to such and the fame oles and Purposes

as the Duties by this Act suspended or diicontinued would have been subject and liable to, if this Act had not

been made.

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall discharge or acquit any Distiller, or

other Person, from any Penalty or Forfeiture already incurred under any termer Act or Acts for granting

any Duties upon Wort, Wath, or other Liquor, or from Payment of any Arrears of such Duties accrued,

due prior to the Commencement of this Act; nor shall any Thing in this Act contained extend, or be con-

strued to extend, to repeal or alter any Law or Laws now in force with relpcct to the making of British

Spirits for Exportation to foreign Parts; or to repeal or alter any Part of an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing [c much cf an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as re-

lates to the DisiiHation of Corn Spirits inJ'maii Stills, in certain Counties or Dislricis in the Highlands in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland j and for authoring the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant

Licences to Persons lining in the /aid Counties or Dislricis, to n:jiil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the

Growth of the said Counties \ and for imposing a Duty on such Licences; nor to prejudice the Right and Pri-

vilege granted to Archibald Fari of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, by an Act passed

in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aril for ve/ting in Archibald Earl of Dun-

donald, his Executors, AdminijlraUrs, and Ajj.gns, the foie Lye and Property of a Method of extracting or making

lar, Pitchy Efential Oils, Point He AJaliy Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders from Pit Coaly throughout his

MajesWs Dominions for a limited Lime,

XUl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said last men-

tioned Act contained, the Paid Earl, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be, and he or they is

and are hereby required to deliver to the Officer or Othcers of Excise of die Division, Dtftridl, Place, or

Bounds, within which any of his or their said Works or Stills are or shall be erected, an Account in Writing,

specifying die Number of his or their said Stills, with a Description of the fame, and the Purposes for which

such Stills were rtlpectively erected; rclerving to any of his Majesty’s Officers of Excise, under the Condi-

tions and Limitations herein after specihed, at all lawful Hours, to vilit such Work or Works, and such

Still or Stills, and to examine by all proper Means the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills,

but not to open the said Still or Stills, unless the said Officer or Officers shall not otherwise be allowed to ex-

amine the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be in the Power of anyOfficer of

Excise to visit or inspect the said Workhouse or W orkhouses, or the said Still or Stills, or House or Houses,

or Places thereto belonging, unless the said Officer or Officers shall have previously obtained an Order from

the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, ia that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or

shall proceed upon a signed Information in Writing, and upon Oath made, and reduced also into Writing,

before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or before any one or more of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace, certifying that the said Works or Stills in the said Act described, in place of being

bona fide used for the Purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used in extracting Low Wines or Spirits

from Wort, Wash, or other Materials whatsoever; in which Cafe such written Information, and Oath and

Warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged, if required, with the Manager of the said Works so visited,

upon the said Manager’s granting a Receipt for the fame; and if the said Still or Stills shall be at such Vi-

(itation, or have been previously used after being erected in the said Works, for the Purpose of distilling

Wash, Worts, Low Wines, or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, such Still

or Stills, and Utensils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as unlicensed Stills, and the Owners and

Users thereof subjedted to the Pains and Penalties in that Behalf made and provided by this Act.

XLI V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstrudl, refill, oppose, moled, or

hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or

granted to such Officer or Officers by this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose, for

every such Offence, the Sum of two hundreds Pounds Sterling,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities, Directions, Rules, Me-

thods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Ciaufcs, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of

Wards and Liveries, and Tenants in capice, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Re-

venue ufon his Mayfly in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty’s Revenue

of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled*

or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or reco-

vering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted and inflicted, and for the prevent-

ing, detedting, and punching Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties,

Provisions, and Regulations are prescribed by this Add), shall be excrciltd, practised, applied* used, and put

in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining*

recovering, and paying the levera) Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poles, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, For-

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present

Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act* shall b«

filed for, recovered, and levied by such Ways. Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may

be

