*6+

C. 76, 77.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1786.

Preamble.

■4Geo. j.e. 71)

ton 1

• iHeo. 3. c. 57.1

Itcited.

SuebParti there*

of, at prohibit

the Exportation

of Wool Card*

and Spinners

Cards of the

Value herein

specifird, re*

paled.

Preamble.

*5 Geo. j.c. 4]}

and

»$Gee.S.c. 47,

reeled in Part.

Ko Demands

for Repayment

ot Duties, under

t^a recited Acts,

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for repealing so much of two Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-first

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards

of a limited Price.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of hw present

Majesty (intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utenjus made use of in

* the Cottony Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom), the collecting of Tolls and Itnple-

4 ments used in the Woollen Manufacture, with Intent to export the fame, is prohibited under certain re-

4 nalties and Forfeitures : And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his pre-

4 sent Majesty,' to explain and amend the said recited Act, certain Regulations were established, and further

4 Penalties enacted for more effectually preventing the Exportation of the before mentioned Utensils, except

4 Wool Cards and Spinners Cards of a certain Value, which, by the said last recited Act, were permitted

4 to be exported to the Places therein mentioned : And whereas the Exportation of such Wool Cards to the

4 Parts mentioned in the said last recited Act, hath been very beneficial to this Country, and the fame being

4 of a Sort unfit for the combing of Wool of this Kingdom, the allowing of a general Exportation thereof

4 to foreign Parts will be highly serviceable to a great Number of poor Families in England, employed in the

4 Trade of making such Wool Cards ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said two recited Acts as

prohibits the collecting or obtaining of Implements or Tools used in the Woollen Manufacture of this King-

dom, for the Purpose of exporting the fame to some other Part or Place than Great Britain or Ireland,

shall be, and the fame is, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven seven hundred and eighty-six,

hereby repealed, as far as relates to Wool Cards or Stock Cards not exceeding in Value four Shillings per

Pair, and Spinners Cards not exceeding in Value one Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the Woollen

Manufacture 5 any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof ia

anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages

by the Commissioners of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts,

by the Commissioners of Stamps ; and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to

the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

* by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled. An Act to repeal the

4 VV Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants)9 it was en-

4 acted, That all Persons who, previously to the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 five, should have paid Duties on Male Servants, by that Ad repealed, for any Part of the three Quarters

4 of a Year for which the first Assessment on Male Servants under that Ad was thereby directed to be

4 made, or their respective Executors or Administrators, should, after paying the said first Assessment, have

4 a Right to receive back from the Commissioners of Excise, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them,

4 out of any Money which' {hould have been paid into, or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the re-

4 pealed Duties on Male Servants so already paid to the said Commissioners of Excise, or their Officers, as

4 should be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties, in respect of such Male Servants, for

4 the said three Quarters on the said first Assessment, or for any Part thereof: And whereas by another Act,

4 made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled. An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of

4 certain Duties therein mentionedyfrom the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps respetlively,

4 to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said

4 Duties so transferred), it was enacted. That all Persons who, previously to the fifth Day of July one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, should have paid the Duties on Carriages in that Ad mentioned

4 in that Behalf, for any Part of the three Quarters of a Year for which the first AlTcftrncnts under that Ad

4 were thereby directed to be made, should, after paying the said first Assessments, have a Righuo receive back

4 from the Commissioners of Excise, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them, out of any Monies

4 which should have been paid into, or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the Duties so already paid

4 to the said Commissioners of Excise as should be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties

4 for the said three Quarters on the said first Assessments, or for any Part thereof: And whereas it is expe-

4 dient that a limited Time should be prescribed, within which all and every Repayment, in respect to the

4 said Duties on Male Servants, and on Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners

4 of Excise, shall be demanded :* 13e it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Person having a Right, according to the

Acts aforesaid, or either of them, to any Repayment in respect of the said Duties on Male Servants, or of

the said Duties on Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite, shall make

Demand

kjoogie

