43° C. 34. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. D/1788.

The Ctfe# lit

which Good*

may be deli-

vered.

From Aug. f,

1783, Boats of

the within De-

scription, if

found within

four leagues of

the L*nd, cr

upon Land, in

Great Britain,

and Boa'i o‘ the

Built herein spe-

cified, to be for-

feited.

Boat* of *4F*et,

of a Proportion

greater than one

Inch in Depth

to one Foot in

Length, may be feiz d.

Bond, make drift Inquiry into the Sufficiency of the Sureties proposed to be bound; and if the said Col-

lector and Comptroller shall find them of Ability to answer the Sum or Sums in which they are about to

become bound, they shall then certify the fame in Writing to the Judge or Judges of such Court respectively;

and upon the Production of such Certificate, if the Judge is also satished with the Sufficiency of the Sureties

proposed, the Bond shall and may be 'executed, but not otherwise; which Bond iha:l be delivered to, and

kept in the joint Custody of the said Collector and Comptroller; and in ca»< the Goods or Commodities

for which such Security shall be so taken as aforesaid, shall be condemned, the V alue thereof shall be paid

into the Hands of such Collector, conformably to the Condition of the Bond, who shall thereupon, with

the Consent or Privity of his Comptroller, cancel the Bond so given as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declare !. That this A& shall not extend, or be construed to ex-

tend, to authorise or permit the Delivery of any Goods or Commodities whatever, but only in Cafes where

the fame shall be perishable, or where the Informer or Prosecutor shall delay coming to as speedy a Trial as

the Course of the Court in which the Prosecution shall be commenced, and the Nature of the Circumstances,

will permit; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and alter the first Day of August one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in cale any open Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to

any of his Majesty’s Subjects, and being of the Length of twenty-three beet and upwards, built and

conflicted for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, the Length of which shall be greater than in

the Proportion of three Feet and an Half to one Foot in Breadth, to be measured by a (traight Line from

the fore Part of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stern-post aloft, shall be found, either upon

the Water, within any Port of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or Member or Creek thereof, or within

four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or in any Place upon Land in Great Britain, such open Boat

shall be forfeited, and lb a 11 and may be lei zed by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and

in case any open Boat, which shall be built for rowing or failing, or for rowing and fading, belonging in the

Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, and being of the Length of eighteen Feet, and under

the Length of twenty-four Feet, from the fore Part of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stern-

post aloft, and the Depth of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of one Inch and one Quarter of

an Inch to every Foot in Length, such Depth to be taken from the upper Part of the Plank next the Keel,

to the Top of the upper Strake, whether such upper Strake shall be fixed to the Boat, or shall be used

as loose or (hifting Wash Strakes, such Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, together with the Ship or Vessel to which such Boat shall

belong.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all open Boats belonging as aforesaid,

of twenty-four Feet and upwards, the Depth of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of one Inch

to one Foot in Length, such Depth to be taken as herein-before mentioned, shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Act not to ex-

tend to Boits be-

longing to the

Natj* &€

7 k 8 Gul. 3.

c. »z. -

*6 Geo. 3. c. 60.

Mailer* malici-

ciufly detaining

CeqjJjcatei of

to

so^fticol on

Coaviction.

XII. Provided always. That this A& shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Boat on

account of her Built, belonging to, or employed in the Service of his Majesty’s Navy, Vi&uailing, Ord-

nance, Customs, Excise, or Post-office, or which is used on any Canal or inland Navigation, nor to any

Boat whatever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, of

the Commissioners. of the Admiralty for the Time being, if such Licence thall be a£lually on board such

Boat at the Time of her being detained or examined; nor Boats which shall be constru£led and built with

Timbers and Plank not less than the following Scantling; (videlicet,) An open Boat from twenty to

twenty-five Feet in Length, having Plank three Quarters of an Inch thick, and Timbers one Inch and one

Quarter*of an Inch square; from twenty-five to thirty Feet in Length, having Plank one Inch and one

Eighth of an Inch thick, and Timbers two Inches square; from thirty to thirty-five Feet in Length, having

Plank one Inch and three Quarters of an Inch thick, and Timbers three Inches square; from thirty-five

to forty Feet in Length, having Plank two Inches thick, and Timbers four Inches square; from forty to

fifty Feet in Length, having Plank two Inches thick, and Timbers five Inches square; from fifty Feet and

upwards in Length, having Plank three Inches thick, and Timbers fix Inches square. i

XIII. And whereas it has been found that Matters of Ships and Vessels have wilfully and maliciously

detained and refused to deliver up Certificates of Registry, granted in nurfuance of an Act made and patted

in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act

4 for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade)-, and also of an Act passed in the

4 twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled^ An Act for the further Jncreaf and

4 Encouragement of Skipping and Navigation), to the Prejudice of the Owner or Owners of such-Ships and

Vessels; for the remedying whereof in future/ be it further enacted, That on Complaint made on Oath

(by the Owner or any of the Owners of any Ship or Vessel whole Certificate of Registry shall be so de-

tained and refused to be delivered up) of such Detainer and Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace redding

near to the Place where such Detainer and Refusal shall be, either in Great Britain, or in the Blands of Jer/ej, j

Guernsey, or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Bland, or Territory, to his Majesty belonging, in

America, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such j

Master to be brought before him to be examined touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it shall appear ]

to the said Justice, on Examination of the Master or otherwise, that the fame is not lost or mislaid, but is \

wilfully and maliciously detained by the said Master, such Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and on Failure of Payment thereof, within the Space 1

of

1

G OQle

