S6

The Pirty »c-

eufed rruy i h aI.

lcnge 13 l’eeri

• nd2oComnu>n*

«t$ comained in

che Lifts, as the

Karoesaredraw-

ing by Lot in the

Hicfence of the

Jurinesaccotding

to 1 he recited

. Ad.

Prrfccntor may

challrncp the

fame Number.

The first fi*e

Peer*, ?nd he

firl} seven Om-

jnoners, whose

Names shall be

drawn out, and

not challenged,

to be, with the

three Judges,

appointed Spe-

cial Commis-

fconeis.

Commissionei*

Oath.

Jf Challenger

reduce the Num-

ber to less than

five Peers and

seven Common-

ers, new Lifts to

be made out.

Power of the

Comirufti nerc*

Ten Commis-

sioners compe-

tent to «a.

C. 57. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

respectively think fit, and that the said Lifts shall, after the making of ?.ny such Order or Orders, be deli-

vered according to the Tenor and Directions thereof reflectively; any Thing herein before contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted. That the Names of the twenty-six Peers and forty Members of the

House of Commons, which shall have been so chosen by the said respective Houses of Pailiamcot, or the

Names of the twenty-six Peers and forty Members of the House of Commons, which (in calc the said Lifts

of both or either of the Paid Houses shall happen to contain a greater Number of Members than as afoic-

Ciid, respectively) shall have been drawn by Lot, according to the Directions of the said former Act, or of

such of them as shall personally appear at the 'Time and Place appointed, in the Manner by the said Act

directed, shall be put into a Box, to be drawn by Lot, in the Presence of the Judges, to be appointed ac-

cording to the Directions of the said recited Act, and of the Parties to the Information to be tried, or their

Counsel or Agents: And the Person or Persons against whom the said Information shall have been exhibited

shall have the Liberty, as the said Names arc drawn out, to make peremptory Challenges, to tnC Number

of thirteen of the Peers, and twenty of the Members of the House of Commons, whose Names shall have

been put into the said Box; and his Majesty’s Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, as the Cafe may

happen, and a!so the Party or Parties against whom such information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid,

shall respectively have Power to make Challenges to any of the Names which shall be so drawn out, and to

atfign for Cause of Challenge any such Matter as, in the Opinion of the three Judges, or the Majority of

them, shall appear, in their Discretion, sufficient to set aside the Person or Persons so challenged, for the

Purpose of obtaining equal Just ice : And the first five Names of the said Peers, and likewise the hrft seven

Names of the said Members of the House of Commons, which being drawn out shall not be so challenged,

or against w’hom no Challenge shall have been allowed, shall be returned by the said Judges to the Lord High

Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain,

who shall cause the said five Peers and the said seven Members of the House of Commons, by their respective

proper Names or 'Pities of Honour, together with the Names of the said three Judges, to be inserted in the

Special Commission to be issued by virtue of the said recited Act, and of this present Act; and the Persons

who shall be so named and authorised in and by the said Commission, shall appear within ten Days, at the

Time and Place to be appointed by the said three Judges, and shall then and there take the following Oath,

before the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great

Britain, for the Time being, or any one of them :

“ T A\ B. do swear, That, as a Commissioner appointed by his Majesty’s Commission for the Trial of the

u X Information now at Blue against C. D. I will diligently attend such Trial, and that I will hear and

u determine the fame to the best of my Judgement, according to the Evidence which shall be given.

44 So help me GOD.M

VI. And be it further enacted. That if, by reason of the Challenges as aforesaid, the Number of

Names so drawn out as aforesaid shall be reduced to less than five Peers and seven Members of the House of

Commons respectively* then, and in such Cafe, the said three Judges shall forthwith certify the fame to the

Speakers of the respective Houses of Parliament, who shall lay the fame before the said Houses respectively ;

and the said Houses shall respectively proceed, within any of the next seven Days on which the said Houses

shall respectively fit for the Dispatch of Business, to choose, nominate, and appoint twenty-six Members of

the House of Lords, and forty Members of the House of Commons, after the Manner and Course aforesaid*

the Lifts of which said respective Members, so cholen and appointed, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of

the Crown in his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, or his Deputy, and be inserted in a new Commissioji,

to be issued in the Manner herein before and in the said former Act directed : Provided always. That no

Day on which the House of Commons shall have adjourned, for Want of the Presence of a suficient Num-

ber of Members to execute the Provisions of the several Acts passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the

Reign of his present Majesty, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to

serve in Parliament, shall be accounted one of the fitting Days of the said House, for any of the Purposes

of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Special Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall

have full Power and Authority to hear and determine every such Information, and to pronounce Judgement

thereon according to the Efteft of the Judgement of the Common Law, upon Convictions had and ob-

tained according to the Course of the Common Law, for Extortion or other Misdemeanor, and also to

declare the Party so convicted incapable of serving the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said

United Company, in any Capacity whatever; and such Judgement so pronounced by the said Special Coon-

missioners as aforesaid, upon such Information, shall be good and effectual, and shall be conclusive, to all

Intents and Purposes; and no Certiorari shall be granted for removing the Proceedings of the said Special

Commissioners, on such Information, into any Court whatever; and the Proceedings of the said Special

Commissioners shall not be imjjeached, or the Validity thereof questioned, in any Action or Suit, or other

Proceeding in any Court of Law or Equity.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities given arxl

granted by the Lid recited Act, and by this present Act, unto the said Special Commissioners, shall and may

be executed by or before any ten or more of them (of whom one of the said three Judges shall always be

one) ; and that no Act done or executed by or before the said Commissioners, unless ten or more of the said

Commissioners (of whom one of the said three Judges shall be one) shall be present at the doing or exe-

cuting

^.oooole

