THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo sexto.

4 X the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of Alav^ Anno Domini

4 /-% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Re ign of our

4 ^ Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and

4 Ireland., King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-fourth Day of "January one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-six \ being the third Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.’

CAP. I.

An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United

States of America, and his Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread,

Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British built Ships,

actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out

from the Ports “of his Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence

according to the" Form hereunto annexed.

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the

United States of America and his Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland:* May it

therefore please your Majesty that it maybe enacted : and be it enacted by the King’s meft Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this

Act, and during the Continuance of the fame, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported or

brought into any Port, Harbour, or Place in the Island of Newfoundland\ or the adjacent Islands to his Ma-

jesty belonging, from any Place or Country belonging to the United States of America, upon any Pretence

whatsoever, except Bread, Flour, Indian Com, and Live Stock, under the Rcstrictions and Regulations

herein after mentioned ; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and alter the passing of this

Act, and during the Continuance of the fame, no Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, or Live Stock, shall he

brought or imported from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, into any

Port, Harbour, or Place of the said Island of Nrafoundland^ or the adjacent 1 Hands to his Alajcfly be-

longing, except in British- built Ships, which shall actually and bona fide belong to and be wholly owned

by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, and which shall, within the Space of seven Months

previous to the 'Lime of such Importation, have cleared out from l'ome PoFt in Great Britain, or some

other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe, for which Purpose a Licence shall have been granted by

the CommifEoners of his Majesty’s Customs in England or Scotland, or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Revenue in Ireland, or any other Persons who may be duly authorilcd in that Kingdom, respectively,

in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned ; which Licences shall continue and be in force for

Ieven Calendar Months from the Day of the Date upon which they are respectively granted, and no

longer.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no such Licence shall be granted by virtue of this Act after

the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mailer or Person having the

Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel to whom such Licence shall be granted shall, upon the Ar-

rival of the said Ship or Vessel at the Port, Harbour, or Place in the lilund of A< ufoundland, or the ad-

26 Geo. III. B jacent

Preamble.

Reftrifliens cm

the Importation

of G»'Oji into

Newfoundland.

No Bread,Flour,

Indian Corn, or

Live Stock, to

be imported into

Newfoundland

from the United

States 'f Ame-

rica, except in

licensed British-

buiii Ships, &c.

Time for grant-

ing Licences li-

mite i.

Masterjof Ve^el

tcde’.ivcrLitence

to Custom.house

Officer at Port

©t Discharg;

