A. D, 1788.

444

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

N* 5.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, fating the Form « N O TIC E ”

0

<c T A. B, the Register-keeper of the Register of Freeholders for in the

4< County of do hereby give Notice to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County,

4t that the progressive Number of the last Enrolment entered in the said Register of Freeholders is ”

[ speccifying the said Number] 44 and that the Day of one thousand

‘ hundred and is the Date of the said last Enrolment. Witness my Hand, this

44 Day of one thousand hundred and

44 A. B”

N° 6.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Abty fating the Perm of the ct POLL BOOKS”

Parish 1

or » of in the County of

District J

Names of Freeholder*. Their Ad- ditiona, Profession?, or Tradeu Their usual Places of Abode. What the Freeholds consist of, and where liuatc. • (If Lands, or Mrs- *uage( or both, name fume Occupier of thr fame.) If enrolled in left than it Months, write “ By Death of cr “ By Promotion to ” or u By Marriage with * If Freehold consist of a Lease, Hate Date and Parties. Candidates.

A. B. C. D. £. fee.

-

N# 7.

SCHEDULE referred to by this A£f> fating the Form of the Book of cc COPIES of

ENROLMENT S ” \lVbich Book is to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace.]

The Copy of Enrolment, N* mult be parted upon this Page.

[Note to the King's Printer.—Each of the said Books mud be of the fame Size as the Registers of

Freeholders aforesaid; mud have a substantial Binding; mud have five hundred Leaves, as here specitied; and

mud be so bound as to receive two more Leaves between every two opposite Pages. The Front of each of

the said five hundred Leaves mud be of the above Form. There mud be printed (after every N°J a pro-

greflive Number ; and particular Care mud be taken that in each and every such Book all the said Numbers

be in progressive Order; and the fame progressive Number mud be printed upon the Back, as upon the

Front of each respective Leaf; and the Back of each of the said five hundred Leaves mud be of the following

Fonn ; videlicet;]

The Copy of Enrolment, N° mud be parted upon this Page, provided any Justice (halHiave signed the

Memorandum at the End of the said Copy, stating either that the Freeholder 44 has disposed of his Efetef

or that he 44 is dead”

N#8.

