A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii IIL C. 29, 30.

in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the Duties upon Cad Plate

Glass by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particu-

larly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act.

such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall

belaid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the Gene-

ral Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if af-

terwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plantiffs shall become non-

suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her,

or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded

to him, her, or them,* against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs-

CAP. XXIX.

An Afor obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses in certain Caies*

4 IT 7 HEREAS by divers Acts of Parliament pecuniary Penalties inflicted for certain Offences, or

Parts of such Penalties, are directed to be applied for or to the Use of the Poor of the Parishes,

4 Townships, or Places, within which such Offences were committed: And whereas, in divers of such

4 Cafes, the Parishioners or Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, are not admissible Witnesses

4 to prove the Perpetration of such Offences within such Parishea, Townships, or Places, by reason

4 whereof it has been found difficult to bring Offenders to Justice: ’ Be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confont of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and-Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, fromand after the first

Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-Feven, the Inhabitants of every Parish, Township,

or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission

of any Offence within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred

by such Offence, or any Part thereof* is or may. be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Town-

ship, or Place, or otherwise, for the Benefit or Use, or in Aid or Exoneration of such Partfb, Township,

or Place.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend to any Action or Proceeding in which the Penalty or Penalties to be recovered shall exceed the

Sum of twenty Pounds.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing.

by Retail in Spirituous Liquors.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7 HEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties should be paid by all Persons who shall takeout

Licences to deal by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Sub-

4 je£ts, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament act'embled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty,

that it may be enacted / and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the*Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums following, for and upon all Licences to be taken out

annually, in Manner herein-after mentioned, by all Persons who shall retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors

or strong Waters within Great Britain; that is to say.

Every Person who (hall-retail.any distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters within Great Britain, shall

(over and besides any Licence or Licences to which such Person was liable at and immediately before the

eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven) take out a Licence, and pay for the

fame the Sum of two Pounds and eight Shillings, if the Dwelling-house in which such Person shall reside, or

retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall

not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Au-

thority of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for imposing Duties on

inhabited Houses, at a Rent of fifteen Pounds per Annvmy or upwards:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occu-

pied, be rated, as aforesaid, at fifteen Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under twenty Pounds, then such

Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the fame the Sum of two Pounds and fix-

teen Shillings:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied,

be rated, as aforesaid, at twenty Pounds per Annum> or upwards, and ander twenty-five Pounds, then such

Person

36*

Limitation 01

A&iona.

General Iffde*

Treble. Costa*

Preamble*

From Aug. r,

1787, the inlu-

biiant of any

Place to be a

competent Wit-

nefi to prove an

Offence, though

the Place may be

benefited by the

Conviction of

the Offender,

unless the Pe-

nalty exceed

Preamble.'

From July 5,

1787, the fol-.

lowing addi- -

tional Duties to

be paid on Li-

ce ik9* for re-

tailing Spr-

rituoot Liquors^

vie.

1 1. 8 s. if the

Rent of the Re-

tailer*! Hoof ,

See. be under

*51*

11. 16 s. if 15).

and under aaL

3 1. 4 r. if rhe

Rent be aol and

under 25I*

