A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C. 13. (F.) 34.1

Paper, Fifth Table, continued.

For every Bundle of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Two

Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Eleven Inches, Nine-pence

For every Bundle of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound

and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches by 'Fen Inches, and of

Nine Inches by Seven Inches and an Half, Five-pence 7'hree Farthings. — —

For every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which

shall be made in Great Britain, Six Shillings and Ten-pence Three Farthings. —

And after those Rates for any greater or leis Quantity of such Papers, Pasteboards, Mill-

boards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, respectively.

The said several Rates and Duties upon the said several Sorts of Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, to be paid by the Makers thereof re-

spedUvely.

For every Sort or Kind of Paper not herein-before enumerated and described, which shall be

made in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of Twenty Pounds and Fourteen Shillings for

every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the fame, including the Duties

hereby charged thereon. - —

The said Duties for such Sorts or Kinds of Paper respectively to be paid by the Makers

thereof respectively.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to

serve for Hangings or other Uses (over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the

printing, painting, or staining thereof), and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity; to be

paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof, One Penny Three Farthings. —

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of Foreign Callicoe, and of Foreign Muslin,

which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be

dyfcd throughout of One Colour only), and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity,

Seven-pence. - — —

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Linens and of all Stuffs made either of

Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fuftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and

other Figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed or wholly made of Cotton

Wool, wove in Great Britain, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great

Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of

Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen), and so in Proportion for any

greater or letter Quantity, Three-pence Halfpenny. ——

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool,

wove in Great Britain, commonly called BritUh Manufactory, and of Britishi Muslins, which

shall be printed, stained. painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed,

throughout of One Colour only), and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity,

Three-pence Halfpenny. - —

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Half-Yard-wide, of all Silks which shall be printed,

stained, or painted in Great Britain (Silk Handkerchiefs excepted), over and above the Duties

payable upon the Importation of them or any of them, and so in Proportion for any greater or

feffer Quantity, One Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings. — —

For every Yard Square of SMk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed,

in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for wider or narrower Silk Handkerchiefs, over and

above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them, and so in Proportion

for any greater or letter Quantity, Four-pence Halfpenny. — — —

The laid Duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed Goods, which shall be printed,

stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, to be paid by the Primer, Stainer, Painter, or

Dyer thereof.

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of French printed, stained, painted, or dyed

Callicoes and Muffins (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only), which

shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the

French King, and so fn Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity \ to be paid by the Im-

porter thereof before the Landing thereof, Seven-pence. — — —

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of ill French printed, stained, painted, or

dyed Linens and Stuffs, made either of Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fuf-

tians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other

Alaterials, mixed or wholly made of Cotton-wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of

One Colour only), which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the Euro-

pean Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quan-

tity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, Three-pence Half-

penny. - — —

Y y 2

£■

ZO

14

d.

9l

Si

10}

3*

4i

3»

