64.0 C. 6H. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789^

Tobtreoimpart.

but not en-

tered, and To-

bacco en?ered

but not wart-

koufed by Oft.

10, 1789, to be

liable to t he Du-

ties impost d by

this Act, Scc%

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco shall have been imported into this King-

dom on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and which (half

not have been entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, or any Tobacco which may have

been entered, and the proper Duties payable thereon secured by Bond, agreeably to the Laws in force at

or immediately before the tenth Day of Otlober one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, but which

shall not have been lodged in the Warehouses appointed for the Purpose of securing such Tobacco, all such

Tobacco shall be considered as having been imported after the tenth Day of October one thousand (even

hundred and eighty-nine, and such Tobacco shall be liable to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such

and the like Drawbacks, and no other, and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Restric-

tions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which Tobacco is respectively subject and liable by virtue cf

this Act; and in case the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of

any such Tobacco so imported as aforesaid, shall have secured the Duties by Bond, in Manner prescribed

by Law, such Bond shall and may be discharged in like Manner as Bonds given for Tobacco remaining in

the Warehouse are by this Act directed to be discharged; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary not-

with {landing.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds given for securing the Duties upon Tobacco,

which shall, at the Commencement of this Act, be in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided, fixed

upon, or appointed by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England,

for the Time being, or by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of thern, in

Scotland, for the Time being, under and by virtue of the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, shall be discharged and cancelled by the Receiver General and Collectors of

the Customs, respectively, having the Custody of such Bonds, upon such Certificates as the said Com-

missioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, for the Time being, and the Com*

missioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, shall reflec-

tively direct, being produced to and left with such Receiver General and Collectors of the Customs re-

spectively.

Ko Profecotion CLXI. € And whereas many Persons having incurred heavy pecuniary Penalties by reason of Offences

t be commenced « committed against the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, are deterred

for pecuniary « from renouncing their evil Courses, through fear of being discovered by some of their AfTociates, and pro-

1 fecuted for such pecuniary Penalties, and other Persons are confined in Prison for pecuniary Penalties, in,

confeauence of their having been convicted of such Offences, which they are unable to pay, and many, to

avoid being prosecuted or taken in Execution for such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, have with-

c drawn themselves into foreign Parts, and Process-of Outlawry may have issued against some of them; and

^ whereas it is expedient to extend a Pardon and Indemnity to Persons under such Circumstances :* Be it

therefore enacted, That no Prosecution by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Action of Debt, shall be com-

menced for any pecuniary Penalty incurred by reason of any Offence committed,by any Person or Persons

against any of the Provisionsof any Act or Acts for collecting or focuring the Duties on Tobacco or Snuff,

committed before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, but that such pecu-

niary Penalties shall be wholly pardoned and relealed.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That as to all pecuniary Penalties-now due on any. Conviction here-,

toforehad, or which may become due in consequence of Prosecutions now carrying on for any such pecu-

niary Penalty or Penalties, the fame shall be pardoned and discharged, so far as regards his Majesty’s Share of

or Interest on such Penalty; and that all Persons against whom any Process of Outlawry hath been fuedout,

for the Matters aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by Motion, to the Court out of which such Procels.

issued, to let aside or reverse the tune.

Bond* for To-

bacco ware-

hoofed at the

Commencement

of this Act, to

be cancelled

upon such Cer-

tificates as the

Commissioners

o' Custom* Dull

dire A.

for pecuniary

Penalties for

Offence* com-

mitted before

Joly 20, 1789*.

Rif Majesty*

Share or Pea ti-

tle* due, or that

may become

due, on Profecu-

t on* now carry-

ing on, dWV

charged;. and

Jteverfa] of Outlawrir* may be applied.for.

Tht* Act not to CLXIIL Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed

«cqu t where to exten(^ acquit, release, or discharge any Judgment or Judgments, where the Monies or other

been takenin Things recovered have been actually levied or taken in Execution before the Commencement of

Execution before this Act.

the Commencement of this Act.

In Action*

brought br Per-

ions claiming

the Benefit of

this Act against

Officer*, See f«r

any Thing done

in regard to

Matters hereby.

d Lhargr d,‘ the

Generel Issue

miy be pleaded.

Act not to et>

tend to the DiC-

Charg«of %jy

CLXIV. And be it further enacted,.That if any Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of this.

Act shall, after such Claim, bring or commence, or cause to be brought or commenced, any Action, Plaint,

Information, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty’s Navy, or any Officer of

Officers of the Customs or Excise, or other Person or Persons who shall have aided or aftifted any fjc.l

Officer or Officers, for or concerning any Act, Matter, or "Thing done or committed by him, them,

or any of them, on occasion of, or for, or by realon or means of any of the Offences, Frauds, Misdemeanors,

or other Matters or Things intended to be released ami discharged by this Act, such Churn is and shall be

deemed to be an absolu^e Discharge and Release to such Officer and Officers, and other Person and Persons

respectively, of and from all and every such Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions; and such Officer and Officers,

and other Person and Persons respectively, may plead the General Blue, and give the special Matter in Evi-

dence; and such Officer and Officers, or other rerfon and Persons respectively, shall recover his Costs of

Suit against the Person or Persons so bringing or commencing such Action or Prosecution.

CLXV". Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be deemed

or construed to extend, to acquit, release, or discharge any Person or Persons whatsoever.from the Pay-

ment

