K.'D. 1787. Anno vicesimo feptimo Georg 11 III. c. 37. 385

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons shall, at any General Iffo*.

Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed

in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may

plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence ; and if upon

the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become non-

suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against Double Cofte.

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, In- inhabitant! of

formations, Trials, and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or Thing any Place where

herein contained, any Inhabitants of the Parish, Town, or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall coml

be committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and ™£peu:ntWit»

/ball be deemed competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants ne(rcg.

of the Parish, Town, or Place, wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been com-

mitted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom

any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to

be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect following ; (that is to fayj

g E it remembered. That on this Day of in the

u Year of his Majesty’s Reign, A\ B. is convicted before of his Majesty*s Justices

M of the Peace for the said County of [or, for the Riding or L)ivision of

u the said County of or, for the City, Liberty, or Town of as the

iC Cafe shall happen to be] for and the said do adjudge

w him or her to pay and forfeit for the fame the Sum of Given under

. w the Day and Year aforesaid/'

Form of Ct»*

vision.

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had shall cause the fame, so drawn up

in the Ferm aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter

Session of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Divilion, City, Town, Liberty, or Place wherein

such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Session ;

and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices

to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in such General or Quarter Session are hereby required

upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Deter-

mination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act, any Law, Custotn, or

Ufoge to the contrary notwithstanding ; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction, or

other Proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Appeal#

convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act shall think him or herself aggrieved by the

Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have

Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, which shall be held for

the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Judgment shall have been

given ; and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Cafe be suspended, the Person so convicted

entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction with two sufficient Sureties, in double the

Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Ap-

peal with Efteft, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their

laid next General or Quarter Session, and to pay such Costs as the said Justices in such Session shall award

on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be

had is and are hereby impowered and required to take ; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter

Session are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine die Matter of the said Appeal, and

to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon

the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant mall

have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall

have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session

dull award to be paid for defraying the Expences fulhined by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal*

or in Default of making such Payment, shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this Act inflicted

upon Persons respectively, who mall neglect to pay, or shall not pay, the respective Sums or Forfeitures

by this Act to be paid by or imposed upon Persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this

Act.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That this Act shall continue and be in Contlaainceo#

force for one Year only from the first of June in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty- Act

even.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and pttbKckA€U

k judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the

ame being specially pleaded.

CAP.

