The TITLES of the STATUTES.

79* An ASt to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet Knight, to lay

out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church

of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in

the County of Somerset.

80. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Trento at

or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of and Let-

cejhr.

81. An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free

Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the

Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Foun-

dation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, de-

ceased; and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the

said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School.

82. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the

CaiBeof Ckrjler, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer

Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining

or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and

Conveniencics thereto.

83. An Act for repairing the Church, of the Parish of Saint

Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex ; for re-

pairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading

to the said Church ; and for removing the present Watch

House, and providing another for the Use of the said

Parish.

84. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers

of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town

of Dartford, in the County of Kent.

85. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the

Powers of an Act, of the sixth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County

^Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in

the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from

Florence Farm, in the Parish of Withyham, to Forest

Row in the Parish of East Grtrjlead, in the County of

Suffix.

86. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from the Bottom of Whitefloeet Hill, through

Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford,

in the County of Wilts.

87. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the

Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third,

for repairing and widening the Road from the A If re ton

Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in the

Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through

Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Read near

Tanfiey, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor,

to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelftidge, in the said

County of Derby. '

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading into

and near the City of Worcester, and for repairing certain

other Roads therein mentioned.

89. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

Effect in the sixth-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

ng George the Third, for repairing and widening the

Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Kcad,

near the nine Mile Stone from Mansfield through Temple

Normantbrv, Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane,

to Bunting-Field Nook, in the Parish of AQiover, in the

County of Derby.

90. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers

of two Acts of Parliament, made in the twentieth and

twenty-sixth Years of. the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading

from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm,

in the said County; and from thence to Stockton, in the

County of Dir ham ; and from thence through Sedgefell,

in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham ;

and for reducing the said Acts into one; and for the more

effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

91. An Act for continuing the T erm and enlarging the

Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, f r repairing and voider in% the Road

from the Crcjs or Market Place in the Town cf Wimborne

Minster to the Cross or AJarket Place in the 2 own Bland-

ford F orum,'in the County of Dorfel.

92. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-

sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late

Majesty, and in the twelf th Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City

of Glasgovv, so far as relates to that Part of the Road from

the City of Glasgow to the T own of Dumbarton, which

leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

93. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

King George the Third, for repairing and widening the

Road from Maidstone, through Diblling, to Key Street, in

the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of

Kent.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying feme of

the Provisions, of an Act of the seventh Year of his present

Majesty,y^r repairingandwidening the Road from March-

wiel, in the County ^Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthen-

bury, and Hanmcr, in the County of Flint, to a House in

the Pcjpssion cf Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the

Parish ofWhitchurch, in the County of Salop; and from

Bangor qforejaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester; and

from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

93. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two

Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull to and

through the Town rf Anlaby, and from thence to the Tran

of Kirk Ella, in the County of the /aid Town of Kingston

upon Hull.

96. An Act for more cfteftually repairing the Ronds leading

from Peel, through Ofive/iry, to Wrexham ; from Knockin

to Llanrhaiadr; from tVhitehvrjTs House, in the Road

between Ofiveftry and Wrexham, to Llangollen ; and feve-

ral other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh ; and for discharging the

Trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgtily Roads from

the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines

of the County of Denbigh, and for making Provision for

the future Repair of the said Road.

97. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the ninth

Year of his present Majesty,repairing and widening

the Road from Scole Bridge to the do wn cf Bury Saine

Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the

said Act.

98. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and keeping

in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Waif all to

Haniflead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said

Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road

leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park

Brook, which divides the Parishes of Waljall and Wolver-

hampton, all in the County ofi Stafford.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of

* Blidvuorth,

