526 C. 19—26. Anno vicesimo nono Georgi III. A. D. 1789.

4 pence, and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to Freeholders and others, and the said

4 Ad would prove inadequate to answer the Purposes thereofMay it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That the said Ad of the twenty-eighth Year of his said Majesty*s Reign,

and every Matter, Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and the fame h and are hereby

•nd repc»leJ. repealed.

have omitted to Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That all and every Person and Perfects

perform any who shall have omitted or neglected in any wise to execute, do, or perform any Thing directed to be done or

Thing squired required of them by the said recited Act, shall be, and are hereby respectively indemnifiedTor such their Dc-

Vy ihc recited fault or Defaults therein.

Act, indemnified*

Publick Act# III. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act ; and shall be

taken notice of as such by all Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded*

CAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and

MuJUnSy by vesting the Properties thereof in the Dcfigncrsy Printers, and Proprietorsffor a limited Time*

* [Continued to July 1, 1794.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within

the fame.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Har-

bour of New Shoreham, in the County of Suifex, and for keeping the Jame in repair.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend and render effectual an Act of the thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for drain-

ing and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, be-

tween the Cam, otherwfe Grant, Ouse, Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the Hard

Lands of Ifleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken ; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Com-

monalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain

Lanas within the J'a'td Limits, commonly called Inverted Lands 5 and for laying certain Rates on Vessels

navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the

Reign of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, ana seventh Years of the Reign of King George

the First, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for re-

building, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for rebuilding the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Mintzomery, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof, by Sale of certain Waste Lands in

«4he Townships of Glohwich and Bachau, in the said County.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of The

Northumberland Fishery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to mbfcribc a Capital Joint Stock

for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such r ifhery.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties On Hawkers,

Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen \ and for regulating their Trade.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. * V\ 7 H E R E AS an Act was made in the twenty- fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

a5 Geo. 3. c, 78. * VV intituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty

*<Uc4«* 4 Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade; And whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duties now charged

4 upon

^jOoq le

