The TITLES of

' 45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows Common Pallures, and

• Waftc Lands, in the Parish of Nor mar by next Spitted, in

the County of Lincoln.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the

Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Ham-

lets of Bourton and lyatcbfield, in the Parish of Shrivenham,

in the County of Berks.

48. An Act to enable Arthur AnneJIey Roberts Esquire, and

the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname

and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell

Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes.

50. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gemfa.

51. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands

and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop,

late the Estate of Elizabeth Parjon, deceased. Wife of

John Parsons Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of TViUiam John Arabia

Esquire, with Henrietta Molyneux his now Wife, and to

• enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Brant-

ley, in the Parish of Leeds and County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Common or Moor,

within the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon,

and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the

County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and Stinted Pallures within the Township of Thorpe, in

the Parish of Burnfall, in the West Riding of the County

of York.

56. Act Adi for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common

Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, with-

in the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the

Parish of Swale lisse, in the County of Oxford.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

the STATUTES.

Meadows, Forests, Commons, and Waste Lands, within

the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, alf the

Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waile Lands,in

theLordship or Liberties of Ojmaston next Derby, in the

County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there,

called The Moor AJeadaiv, and a certain Commonable

Place, called Sins.n Moor.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields*

Stinted Pallure, and other Commonable Lands, within the

Parish of Cold Kitkly, in the North Riding of the County

of York.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the

Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds,

within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the

Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester.

62. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron

de Robeck.

63. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lecornu.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of

IVyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and

Common Fields, a Common Pallure, and several Waste

Grounds, within the Parish of Haiston, in the County of

Leicester.

66. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin

Saladin.

67. An Act for vesting the Manor of Ajliled, otherwise Great

Ashted, and several Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein men-

tioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an

Agreement for that Purpose, and for inverting Part of the

Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands

and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein

mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein

exp re fled.

68. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Boris, Francis Blanche*

nay, and James Chauvet•

THE

Cioooole

