422

cd 6 Geo, i«

c. 4.

The Dutiei

imuofed determined by the

recitrd A&«

on Licence#

granted byArcb-

bnho^i, &e. to

Ccafc with re-

ipect to Licences

to S ipendia’jr

Curates in

which the an-

ausl Amount of

the Stipend is

infer ed.

Preamble*

East India Com-

■pany empowered

to borrow

1 *00,0001, on

Bond, beyond

what they may

now legally bor-

row.

Preamble*

toGeO'ft. c. 28*

Jtrrtiee* of the

Teare m «y, at

the General or

Qjirter S»lfi ns,

gi anr Li et res

foi tbs Ferfc*frti-.

nee »f (Mays,

dire. under the

ReArifliost

iLsrcin fpcci/ied*

C. 28—30. Anno vicesimoo&avo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

4 Poundsy by way of a Lottery, for her Mu] efly's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares rf

4 Leathery Sheep Skins, and Lamb Skins \ and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds due to the Officers

and Seamen for Gun Money \ and to arlju/l the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries; and touching certain

^ Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted to her

Majesty), a further Sum of five Shillings was imposed upon all such Licences: And whereas by another

4 Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fjxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 First (intituled, An act for enabling the South Sea Company to increase their prefrit Capital Stock and Fund,

4 by redeeming such Pub lick Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be

4 applied for I'jfiningfeveral of the Publick Debts and Incumbrances \ and for calling in the p relent Exchequer

4 Bills rt maining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in lieu there f, to be circulated and exchanged

4 upon Demand at or near the Exchequer), the fa;d several recited Duties were made perpetual: And whereas

the said several Duties have been found very inconvenient and burchcnfome to Stipendiary Curates ap-

4 pointed by Licence to perform the Office of Curate in a Parish Church, upon the Nomination of the Redfor

4 or Vicar thereof/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Praliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand feveil

hundred and eighty-eight, every such Licence, so appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual

Amount of the Stipend shall be inserted, that {hall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or

other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be

freed and exempted from any of the said herein-before recited Stamp Duties; and such Licence shall and

may be available, and given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity; any Law or Statute to the con-

trary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon

Bond.

4 \T 7 HEREAS it is expedient, in Confutation of the present State of the Affairs of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Itidies, that the said Company should be

4 enabled to issue Bonds for the Purposes of their Trade, and for discharging sundry Demands to which they

4 are liable, to a larger Amount than they are now by Law authorised to ao :* May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lbiited Com-

pany to borrow Money upon, and issue Bonds under their Common Seal, as the Affairs of the said United

Company may require, not exceeding the Sum of one million two hundred thouGmd Pounds beyond the

Bum for which the said United Company may now by Law issue their Bonds.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to licsnfe Theatrical Representations occasionally,

under the Restrictions therein contained.

4 II 7 HEREAS by an Aftpafled in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King Georg/

the Second, certain Penalties and Punishments were inflicted on every Person who should, for Hire,

4 Gain, or Reward, act, represent, or perform, or cause to be acted, represented, or performed, any In-

4 terlude,'Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or

9 Parts therein, except as in the said Act is excepted: And whereas divers Acts of Parliament have since

4 been solicited and obtained for divers Cities, Towns, and Places, for exempting them respectively from

the Provisions of the said Law: And whereas it may be expedient to permit and suffer, in Towns of

4 considerable Resort, theatrical Rcpresentations for a limited Time, and under Regulations; in which,

4 nevertheless, it would be highly impoliticlc, inexpedient, and unreasonable, to permit the Establishment

4 of a constant and regular Theatre iMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be

*n enacted by the King’s most Excellent Adajesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

farm. Tout it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding,

or Liberty, in General or Quarter Sessions afleinbled, at their Discretion, to grant a Licence to any

Per ion or Persons, making Application for the fame by Petition, for the Performance of such Tra-

gedies, Comedies, Interludes, Operas, Plays, or Farces, as now are, or hereafter shall be acted, per-

formed, or repjefented at either of the Patent or Licensed 'Theatres in the City of IFtfilwiri/lery or as mall,

in the Manner prescribed by Law, have been submitted to the Inspection of the Lord Chamberlain of

the King’s Houlehold for the 'Time being, at any Place within their Jurisdictions, or within any City,

'T own, or Place, situate within the Limits of the fame, for any Njumber of Days, not exceeding sixty

Days, to commence within the then next six Months, and to be within the Space of such four Months

as shall be Ipccified in the said Licence* so as there be only one Licence in use at the fame Time within the

Jurisdiction so given, and so as such Place be not within twenty Miles of the Cities of London, Westminster,

8 or

