AN

ABSTRACT

OF ALL THE PRINTED

ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

for the establishment of

Courts Of Requests

IN

ENGLAND AND WALES,

WITH THE

CASES DECIDED THEREON,

AND

AN INDEX,

CONTAINING

THE NAMES OF EVERY CITY, TOWN, AND PARISH, &c. COMPRISED IN EACH ACT.

By JOHN TIDD PRATT, Esq.

OF THE INNER TEMPLE.

LONDON:

PRINTED FOR S. SWEET, 3, CHANCERY-LANE; R. PHENEY, INNER TEMPLE-LANE; A. MAXWELL, 21, AND B. STEVENS AND SONS, 39, BELL-YARD, LAW BOOKSELLERS AND PUBLISHERS; AND W. WRIGHTSON, BIRMINGHAM.

1824.

ADVERTISEMENT.

This work will be found to contain such clauses from each act of parliament relative to Courts of Requests, as will enable the practitioner, &c. to ascertain the jurisdiction of any particular court; the parties to sue and be sued; the nature and amount of the debt recoverable; and the consequences of suing in any other court, for a debt over which such Court of Requests has cognisance, &c.

10, King's Bench Walk, Temple.

1st September, 1824.

CONTENTS.

For a more particular account of the different Parishes, &c. see the Index.

BRECKNOCKSHIRE. Llangunider, 238. Pendvryn, 238. Vaynor, 238.

BRISTOL. City of Bristol, 11.

CAMBRIDGESHIRE. Isle of Ely, 138.

CHESHIRE. Brinksway, 186. Brinnington, 186. Dukinfield, 229. Edgeley, 186. Hattersley, 229. Matley, 229. Newton, 229. Stayley, 229. Stockport, 189.

DERBYSHIRE. Derby, 98.

DEVONSHIRE. Exeter, 108.

GLAMORGANSHIRE. Aberdare, 238. Gellygare, 238. Merthyr Tidfil, 238. Ystrafoduck, 238.

GLOUCESTERSHIRE. Barrow, 164. Bisley, 164. Bradley, 164. Brightwells Barrow, 164. Cirencester, 164. Clifton, 12. Crowthome, 164. Gloucester, 11. Longtree, 164. Minty, 164. Rapsgate, 164. Stoke-bishop, 12.

HERTFORDSHIRE. Albans, Saint, 51.

---

KENT. Acris, 162. Alkham, 156. Ash next Sandwich, 192. Axtane, 209 — Bar-freston, 192 — Barham, 192 — Beaksbourn, 192 — Beausfield otherwise Whitfield, 156 — Beckenham, 87 — Betshanger, 160 — Bexley, 87 — Birchington, 205 — Bishopbourn, 192 — Blackheath, 87 — Boughton, 158 — Brasted, 222 — Brenchley, 222 — Bromley, 87 — Buck land, 156 — Burhara, 145 — Canterbury, 57 — Caple Ie Fern, 156 — Chalk, 145 — Charlton, 87, 156 — Chatham, 145 — Cheriton, 162 — Chillendon, 192 — Chislehurst, 87 — Cliffe, 145 — Cobham, 145 — Codsheath, 222 — Coldred, 156 — Cooling, 145 — Cuxstone, 145 — Dartford, 209 — Deal, 160 — Deptford, 87 — Dover, 156 — Dover Castle, 156 — Eastry, 192 — Edenbridge, 222 — Elharn, 162 — Elmstone, 192 — Eltharo, 87 — Erttn, vr — Ewell, 156 — Eythome, 192 — Faversham, 158 — Folkestone, 162 — Foot's Cray, 87 — Frinsbury, 145 — Gillingham, 145 — Goodnestone next Wingham, 192 — Gravesend, 209- Greenwich, 87 — Guston, 156 — Hailing, 145 — Ham, 160 — Hawkinge, 162 — High Halstow, 162 — Higham, 145 -Hoo, 145 — Horsmonden, 222 — Hougham otberwbe Huffbam, 156 — Ickham, 192 — Isle of Thanet, 192 — Langdon East and West, 156 — Lee, 87 — Lessness, 87 — Lewisham, 87 — Little, 87 — Littlebourn, 192 — Lydden, 156 — Lyminge, 162 — Minster, 192 — Mongeham, 160 — Monkton, 192 — Newington nextHithe, 162 — Nonnington, 192 — Northbourne, 160 — Orpington, 87 — Ospringe, 158 — Paddlesworth, 162 — Patrix-bourn, 192 — Plumstead, 87 — Postling, 162 — Preston next Wingham, 192 — Ramsgate, 192 — Ringwould, J56 — Ripple, 160 — River, 156 — Rochester, 145 — Rokesley or Roxley, 87 — Saint Lawrence, 192 — Saint Margaret's at Cliffe, 156 — Saint Mary Cray, 87 — Sandwich, 192 — Sarr, 192 — Seasalter, 158. Sheerness, 145 — Shepherds-wellor Sibbertswould, 192 — Sholden, 160 — Shome, 145 — Somerden, 222 — Stanford, 162 — Staple, 192 — Stodmarsb, 192 — Stonar, 192 — Stourraouth, 192 — Strood, 145 — Sutton, 160 — Swingfield, 162 — Tilmanstone, 160 — Toltintrough, 209 — Ton-bridge, 222 — Waldershare, 192 — Walmer, 192 — Waslilingstone, 222 — Westerham, 222 — Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, 156 — Whitstable, 158 — Wickhambreux, 192 — Wilmington, 209 — Wingham, 192 — Winsborow otherwise Woodnesborough, 192 — Wood, 205 — Woolwich, 87 — Word otherwise Worth, 192 — Wouldham, 145 — Wrotliam, 222 — Wymenswould, 192.

LINCOLNSHIRE. — Bemon Fee, 41 — Bennington, 125 — Bolingbroke, 131 — Boston, 125 — Bradley, 175 — Buslingthorpe, 131 — Butterwick, 125 — Calseworth, 131 — Candleahoe, 131 — Cowbitt, 110 — Crowland, 110 — Elloe, 110 — Faldingworth. 131 — Fishtoft, 125 — Fleet, 110 — Freiston, 125 — Freisthorpe, 131 — Gartree, 131 — Gedney, 110 — Gedney Hill* 110 — Gosberton, 110 — Grimsby, 175 — Hagnaby, 119. Hanworth, 131 — Haverstoe, 175 — Hill, 3l — Holbeach, 110 — Holbeach Drove, 110 — Homcastle, 131 — Kirton, 125 — Leake, 125 — Leverton, 125 — Lincoln, 41 — Louth Eske, 131 — Ludborough, 131 — Lutton, 110 — Manley, 131 — Moulton, 110 — Peak-hill, 110 — Piuchbeck, 110 — Porsand, 110 — Postland, 110 — Skirbeck, 125 — Snar-ford, 131 — Spalding, 110 — Surfleet, 111 — Sutton St. Edmuhds, 110- — Sutton St. James, 110 — Sutton St. Mary, 110 — Sutton St. Nicholas, 110 — Tydd St. Mary's, 110 — Walshcroft, 131 — Weston, 110 — Whapload, 110 — Whapload-drove, 110 — Wraggoe, 122 — Wrangle, 125 — Yarborough, 175.

LONDON. — City of London, 1.

LANCASHIRE. — Ashton-under-Lyne, 2S0 — Bispham, 103 — Kirkham, 103 — Liverpool, 54 — Lytham, 103 — Manchester, 218 — Poulton, 103 — Presall, 103 — Stalmine, 103.

MIDDLESEX. — Aldgate *, St. Botolph without, 34 — Bethnal Green, 34 — Blackwall, 34 — Hackney, 34 — Lancaster, Duchy of, 31 — Middlesex County Court, 38 — Mile-end, Old Town, 34 — Mile-end, New Town, 34 — Minories, 34 — Norton Falgate, 34 — Old Artillery Ground, 34 — Poplar, 34 — Radcliffe, 34 — St Catherine's, 34 — — Shoreditch, 34 — Stratford near Bow, 34 — Tower Hamlets, 34 — Wap ping 34 — Westminster, 31 — Whitechapel, 34.

MONMOUTHSHIRE. — Bedwelty, 238.

NORFOLK. — King's Lynn, 100 — Yarmouth, 66.

SHROPSHIRE. — -Barrow, 150 — Benthall, 150 — Brosely, 150 — Dawley, 150 — Hales Owen, 199 — Harbome, 199 — Linley, 150 — Madeley, 150 — Posnall, 150 — Rowley Regis, 199 — Shrewsbury, 150 — Tipton, 199 — Wenlock, 150 — Willey, 150.

SOUTHAMPTON — Isle of Wight, 180.

SOMERSETSHIRE. — Amrill, 169 — Bath, 169 — Bathforum, 169 — Bedminster, 12 — Calverton, 169 — Easton, 169 — Hampton, 169 — Walcot, 169 — Wellow, 169.

STAFFORDSHIRE. — Bilston, 233 — Brewood, 233 — Bqshbury, 233 — Darlas ton, 233 — Harbome, 199 — Pattingham, 233 — Penn, 233 — Rowley Regis, 199 — Tipton, 199 — Wednesbury, 233 — Wednesfield, 233 — WillenWJ, W3 — Wolvci bauiptou, 233.

SUFFOLK. — Ipswich, 214.

SURRY. — Battersea, 60 Beddington, 90 — Bermondsey, 18 — Brixton, (eastern half) 187 -Brlxtuu, (western half) 60 — Camberwell, 21 — Carshalton, 90 — Cheam, 90 — Christ Chmrch, 18 — Clapbam, 21 — Croydon, 90 — Hatcham, 21 — Lambeth, 18 — Mitcham, 90 — Morden, 90 — Newington, 18 — Putney, 60 — Rotherhithe, 18 — Southwark, 18 — Streathara, 21 — Sutton, 90 — Wallington, 89 — Wandsworth, 60.

WARWICKSHIRE. — Birmingham, 43 — Deritend, 43.

WESTMORLAND. — Kirby in Kendal, 85.

WILTSHIRE. — Bradford, 76 — Bromham, 82 — Caine, 96 — Chippenham, 96 — Cor-sham, 96 — Damerham North, 96 — Damerham South, 226 — Hawkeridge, 82 — Heytesbury, 226 — Melksham, 76 — Trowbridge, 76 — Warminster, 226 — Westbury, 226 — Westwood, 82 — Whorlsdown, 76.

WORCESTERSHIRE. — Hales Owen, 199 — Harbome, 199 — Kidderminster, 105 — Old Swinford, 117 — Rowley Regis, 199 — Tipton, 199.

YORKSHIRE. — Aldmonbury, 166 — Batley, 166 — Beverley, 140 — Bingley, 166 — Birstall, 166 — Bradford, 166 — Calverley, 166 — Doncaster, 83 — Guisely, 166 — Halifax, 166 — Hartishead cum Clifton, 166 — Huddersfield, 166-i-Kighley, 166-Kingston-upon-Hull, 70 — Kirkburton, 166 — Kirkheaton, 166 — Mirfield, 166 — Tong, 166.

AN

ABSTRACT

OF THE

ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

RELATIVE TO

Courts of Requests.

CITY OF LONDON.

3 Jac. I. c. xv.

An Act for the Recovering of Small Debts in London.

ii. Enacts, That every citizen and freeman of the city Persons to sue of London, and every other person and persons inhabiting,

or that shall inhabit, within the said city or the liberties recoverable, thereof, being a tradesman, victualler, or a labouring man. Explained and which now. have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts Geo 11 owing unto him or them, not amounting to forty shillings, by and 39 & 40 any citizen, or by any other person or persons being a victualler, tradesman, or labouring man, inhabiting, or that shall inhabit, within the said city or the liberties thereof, shall, or may cause such debtor or debtors to be warned or summoned, &c. (1)

VI.

(1) The court of requests for the city of London has no jurisdiction in a sait unless both the plaintiff and defendant be resident within the city.

Brooks v. Moravia, 2 H. Blac. 920. Tucker v. Crosby, 9 Taunt. 169. '

An attorney has no privilege against the court of conscience in London. '

Silk v. Rennett, one, ic. 3 Bur. 1583.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

To what debts, this act does not extend.

Consequences of suing in any other court.

VI. Enacts, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any lease of lands or tenements, or any other real contracts, nor to any other debt that shall arise by reason of afiy cause concerning a testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, albeit the same shall be under forty shillings. (2)

IV. Enacts, That if in any action of debt or action upon the case upon an assumpsit for the recovery of any debt, to be sued or prosecuted against any the person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, it shall appear to the judge or judges of the court where such aqtion shall be sued or prosecuted, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff in such action doth not amount to the sum of forty shillings, and the defendant in such action shall duly prove, either by sufficient testimony, or by his own oath, to be allowed by any the judge or judges of the said court where such action shall depend, that at the time of the commencing of such action, such defendant was inhabiting and resiant in the city of London, or the liberties thereof, as above; that in such case the said judge or judges shall not allow to the said plaintiff any costs of suit, but shall award that the same plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary costs to the party defendant, as such defendant shall justly prove before tie said judge or judges it hath truly cost him in defence of the said suit. (3)

(8) Actions for use and occupation cannot be maintained in this court. Wooller v. Cloutman, Doug. 244, and see Holden v. Newman, 13 East, 161. and 39 &40 Geo. iii. c. civ. § xi. p. 7.

(3) A set-off, reducing the demand underforty shillings, does not affsct the jurisdiction of this act. Pitts v. Carpenter, 2 Str. 1191. 1 Wils. J9.S.C.

The defendant is entitled to a suggestion, for costs under this act, though it appear, that if the plaintiff had postponed the commencement of his aqtion a few months, his cause of action would have been good for more than forty shillings. Tucker v. Crosby, 2 Taunt. 169.

After

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

4

14 Geo. II. c. 10.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First! intituled, An Act for the Recovering of Small Debts in London.

i. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to And for Debts not ex. every citizen and freeman of the city of London, and every £Treoovered!° other person and persons inhabiting, or that shall hereafter inhabit, within the said city, or the liberties thereof; and aU and every person or persons who do or shall rent or keep any shop, shed, stall or stand, or seek a livelihood, in the said city or liberties thereof, which now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts owing unto him, her, or them, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, by any person or See 40 persons whatsoever, inhabiting or seeking a livelihood within Geo. Ill'c*dY< the said city or liberties thereof, during their respective inhabiting within the said city or liberties thereof, or seeking a livelihood as aforesaid, to cause such debtor or debtors to be warned or summoned, &c. (4)

After inquest taken by default, the defendant can make no suggestion on the roll. Brumpton v. Crabb, 1 Str. 46.

Where the plaintiff demurred to the suggestion, which was adjudged against him, the costs of the application were allowed, as well as of the trial and former proceedings, though not, strictly speaking, costs of the defence. Hickman V. Colley, 3 Str. 1130.

(4) Brooks v. Moravia, 3 H. Blac. 330, ante 1, n. (1)

A citizen and freeman of London, not resident therein, having a demand under 40s. for goods sold, against another citizen and freeman, who is resident, is not bound to sue in the Court pursuant

to this act. This act only applies to cases where both plaintiff and de* fendant are resident within the jurisdiction of that court. Webb'a Brown, 5 Durnf. 6cEast, 535.

This statute does not extend to cases where the plaintiff recovers jess than 40s. in a special action on the case, for the breach of an agreement. Jonas v. Greening, 5 Durnf. & East, 529.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the Recovering off Small Debts in London 3 and an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned Act; and likewise for extending the Powers of the Court of Requests in the City of London, and by the said two several Acts continued and established.

Repeals so

much of 3 1. c. 15. and 14 Geo. 3. c. 10. as restrains the jurisdiction, to debts not exceeding 40s.

Persons to sne and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable, &c.

I. REPEALS so much, and such parts, of the said two recited acts of the third year of King James the First, and the fourteenth year of King George the Second, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of Requests of the city of London to debts not exceeding the sum offorty shillings.

V. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons, whether residing within the city of London or elsewhere, also bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any such debt as is hereinbefore specified or mentioned, or any other debt or debts, owing or due to, or claimed or demanded by such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, from any person or persons whomsoever residing or inhabiting within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing, within the same city or liberties, to cause such debtor or debtors, person or persons, from whom such debt or debts shall be owing or due, or claimed or demanded, and so resident, inhabiting, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing, as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned,

&c.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

&c.; (5) and that no orders, decrees, judgments, or proceed- Proceedings ings shall be removed or removeable into any other court by rcm0TemWe* certiorari, or otherwise howsoever.

X. Enacts,

, (5) If a party's residence is opt of* the jurisdiction of this court, his occasionally underwriting a policy at &oy<Tt, where he has a seat, is not a seeking his livelihood within the city, so as to subject him to its jurisdiction; it must be followed as a trade or business. Miller Williams, 5 Esp. R. 19.

Attornies , plaintiffs, are not by this act compellable to sue in the Court

of Requests, for a debt under five pounds, at the peril of costs. Board, one, &c. v. Parker, 7 East, 46. 3 Smith R. 62. S. C.

By Rex v. The Commissioners of the Court of Requests in the city of London, 7 East, 292, it seems, that a stock-broker is liable to pay to the Chamberlain of London, for the benefit of the corporation, the annual doty of 40s., directed by stat. 6 Ann. c. 16. § 4. to be received by the chamberlain from every broker. But at all events, if the chamberlain sue for such doty in the Court of Requests and that court dedioetakingcog-nizance of the suit, on the ground that the corporation, for whose benefit the duty was to be received, had taken a bond in the penal sum of 10/.

(the court having jurisdiction only to the extent of 5/.) from the broker, upon which lie might be sued in the superior courts, and that the judges of the Court of Requests were freemen of the corporation interested in the suit, the superior court will grant a ma to the commissioners to proceed therein; for under the statute of Ann their chamberlain iea trustee for the corporation, and a bond taken by them in their own name, for securing thq 40s. duty, is no merger of the ordinary remedy given to their chamberlain by the legislature; neither is the right of the chamberlain to sue in the Court of Requests, which has always been the practice, affected by the scintilla of interest which any of the commissioners might be supposed to have as corporators, in the duty to be recovered; though it did not appear that all of them had such interest.

A market gardener, who rented a stand with a shed over it in Fleet-market, at an annual rent; which be occupied three times a week, on market days, till 10 o'clock in the mofning; after which, and on all other days, it was occupied by others; does not keep a stand within the meaning of this act, so as to be privileged to sue therein for a debt under 6 I Gray v. Cook, 8 East, 336.

A person plying as a porter in. the city of London, and resorting to a house of call there, but not lodging in the city, is not a person seeking

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

<5

Attornies, Sue. subject to the process of the court.

Debts doe by persons under age, may be r< covered.

Servants, though under age, may recover wages.

X. Enacts, That no privilege shall be allowed to exempt any person from the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being an attorney or solicitor, or any other officer of any of the courts of law or equity at Westminster, or of any other court whatsoever; but that all attornies, solicitors, and officers shall be subject to the several processes, orders, judgments, and executions of the said Courts of Re» quests, in the same manner as any other persons are subject to the same by the said recited acts, and this act, or any of them.

IX. Enacts, That in every case where a debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds shall be contracted for saries by any person under the age of twenty-one years, and residing or inhabiting, or employed as clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, or labourer, or otherwise seeking a livelihood within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, it shall be lawful for the person or persons to whom such debt shall be due, to sue for and recover such debt in the said Court of Requests, in the same manner as if the person by whom the same shall be contracted were of full age; and that in every case where any wages, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due to any menial or other servant, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall be lawful for such servant, to sue for and recover such debt, in the said Court of Requests, in the same manner as if he oi* she were of full age;

and

bis livelihood in London," within the meaning of this act. Skinner v. Davis, 2 Taunt. 196.

Under this act, a husband domiciled in Middlesex, where his wife carried on business, though he was employed as a clerk in the office of solicitors in London, is not privileged to be sued only in London, as a person seeking kis livelihood there; for that means seeking the whole of his livelihood there. Stephens v. Derry, 16 East, 147. And see Spencer v, Hollaway, 15 East, 647.

A coal merchant, who has his wharf and counting-house in Southwark, and occupies half a counting-house in London for the purposes of his trade, seeks his livelihood in London, within this act. Croft v. Pitman, 5 Taunt. <648. 1 Marsh, 269. S. C.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

1

# % laid the said commissioners, or any three or more of then?,

are hereby fully authorized and required, in such cases, to take cognizance of, and proceed concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers, in regard thereto, as if the plaintiffs and defendants were all of full age.

XI. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained. To what debts, shall not extend to any debt, where any title of freehold or does not

lease for years, of any lands or tenements, shall come in question, or to any debt by specialty, which shall not be for payment of a sum certain, not to any other debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same respectively shall exceed five pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. (6)

XIII. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Not to prevent tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any ^g^ntby person or persons from making distress, or bringing any distress, &c. action or actions whatsoever for rent, and thereby recovering

such rent, with costs, although the same rent should not ceeddie sum of five pounds.(7)

XIV. Enacts, That defendants in the said Court of Re- Stotateof limi-quests shall Tie allowed to plead or claim the benefit of any pleaded!* statute of limitations now in being, or hereafter to be made;

and every such defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such and the like advantage and relief thereby, as

(6) The Court of Requests has jurisdiction by this act, over a contract for retention of tithes by the tenant, the value of which is under 5i Sandby, Clerk, v. Miller, 5 East, 194.

(T) An action for money had and received, brought against the receiver of an estate, to recover money received by him for rent, for the purpose of trying the title of the estate, is an action for rent within the meaning of this danse; and the plaintiff although be recovered lest than 5l. was held to be entitled to costs. Drew v. Fletcher, 1 Barm and Cres. 98S.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

such defendant would have been entitled to, in case this act had not been made, and he or she had been sued for the same debt, or other cause of action, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or any other court, and had there pleaded such statute in bar to such action or suit.

Consequence of XII. Enacts, That if any action or suit shall be com-

suing in any .

other court. menced in any other court than the said Court of Requests, for any debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited acts, and of this act, or any of them, in the said Court of Requests; then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit, shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify, that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and so often, such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. (8)

XIX.

(8) If a vicar sue for tithes, and recover less than bl. upon a count assumpsit for a quantum valeba, the defendant may enter a suggestion on the roll, stating that he was a freeman and inhabitant of the city of London, trading there at the time he was served with the writ, for the purpose of ousting the plaintiff of his costs under this clause. Sandby, Clerk, v. Miller, 5 East, 194.

In an action of debt on a judgment of this court, the plaintiff must prove that the defendant, when the judgment was obtained, was resident within its jurisdiction. Coore v. Keneday, 3 Esp. Rep. 280.

If the plaintiff, in an action of assault, having recovered only 20s, damages, whereby he is entitled to no more than 20s. costs, bring an action on the judgment, and obtaining judgment by default in that action, enter it up for debt and costs; the court, on affidavit of defendant being resident within the jurisdiction, and liable to be summoned to the Court of Requests, will under this clause set aside the judgment as to the costs. Foott v. Coare, 2 Bos. and Pul. 588.

If a defendant reside in Mand keep a warehouse within the

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 9

XIX. Provided always, that the two first hereinbefore recited acts of the third year of King Jcones the and

fourteenth

city of London, jointly with another, bat, after the commencement of an action against him for a small demand, tell the plaintiff that he does not keep the warehouse in question, and the plaintiff, upon inquiry in. the neighbourhood of the warehouse, can obtain no intelligence respecting the defendant; the court will not, under this clause, exempt the defendant from payment of costs, on the ground of the verdict being under Si, and that he ought to have been summoned to the Court of Requests. Jefferies v. Watts, 1 New Rep. C. P. 153.

In Dunster v. Day and Smith, 8 East, 238, ' it was held, that after judgment by default, and damages assessed upon a writ of inquiry, the defendant might come into court, and move to stay proceedings on payment of the damages assessed without costs.

If a debt be reduced by part payment below 5 before the action brought, the case is within this act. Horn Hughes, 8 East; 348: and see Tocker e. Crosby, 2 Taunt. 169. p. 2. n. (3)

Where the plaintiff in aisumptit failed to prove his special counts, but upon the common counts recovered less than upon the balance of an account, which contained items both on the debit and credit side; held, that by this act he was deprived of costs, it appearing that the defendant resided and traded in London. Fomin Oswell and Another, 1 Maule and Sel. 393.

If the plaintiff recover less than Si. in an action brought in London, where the original debt has been reduced by payments, and not by setoff, the defendant will be permitted, on motion, to enter a suggestion on the roll under this act, in order to have his costs allowed. Cook Johnson, 2 Price, 19.

The defendant's pleading a tender to an action for goods sold, does not preclude him from entering a suggestion on the roll, to deprive the plaintiff of his costs under this act. Jordan Strong, 5 Maule and Sel. 196.

This act extends to assignees of a bankrupt, and therefore, where a plaintiff, as assignee, recovered less than Si. the conrt ordered a suggestion to be entered on the record to deprive the plaintiff of costs; but defendant having given notice of his intention to dispute the petitioning creditor's debt, &c. (which was proved at the trial), it was holden, that the plaintiff was entitled to the costs thereby occasioned; and the court ordered the suggestion to be entered accordingly. Ward, Assignee of Cottle, a Bankrupt, v. Abrahams, 1 Barn, and Aid. 387.

This act extends to actions brought against for debts not

amounting

Recited acts of SJac. 1. and 14 Geo. 2. except where hereby repealed, extended to this act.

io

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARUAMEKt

fourteenth year of King George the, and all powers,

provisoes, clauses, matters, and tilings therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed, or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this present act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and per* sons to whom this act doth or shall extend.

amounting to 5/. and the court in such a case, will grant a rule for staying proceedings on the payment of the debt without costs, without obliging the plaintiff to enter a suggestion on the roll. Robinson v. Vickers and Another, 1 Chit. Rep. 636. in

. After action brought io King's Bench, for board and lodging of the defendant's wife in Middlesex, which was referred to an arbitrator, who

awarded less than jive pounds, which was for the rent of the lodging: this was hela, at any rate, to come within this clause^ excepting action# for rent from the compulsory jurisdiction of this court; although the defendant were otherwise within the act, but without deciding, whether the clerk of a solicitor, attending at his master's office during the hoora of business throughout the whole day, but lodging in Middlesex, shall \ be said to seek a livelihood in London, within the meaning of this act. Holden v. Newman, 13 East, 161.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

11

CITY OF BRISTOL, &c.

1 William & Mary, Sess. J. c. xviii.

An Act for erecting Courts of Conscience Cities of Bjustol

and GloucbStbb, and the Liberties /thereof.

i. Appoints commissioners for the city and county of the city of Bristol, and the parishes and places therein contained, and the liberties thereof; and for the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and the parishes and places therein contained, and the liberties thereof.

IV. Commissioners authorized to hear and determine all matters of debt, or actions on the case upon any assumpsit for the recovery of any debt not amounting to forty shillings, brought before them, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

V. Enacts, That every person or persons inhabiting, or

that shall inhabit, within the said cities and counties of the said cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and parishes and places and liberties thereof respectively, being a tradesman, victualler, labouring-man, or other person, which now hath, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts owing unto him, her, or them, by any person or persons whatsoever, being a tradesman, victualler, labouring-man, or other person inhabiting, or that shall inhabit within the said cities and counties of the cities of Bristol and Gloucester, and the parishes, places, and liberties before mentioned respectively, being under the value of forty shillings, shall and may cause such debtor or

debtors to be warned or summoned, &c. And that the order or orders of the commissioners shall be final and conclusive to all persons therein concerned, their executors and administrators, nor shall any writ of error, certiorari, or process of law or equity lie for the removal, stay, or reversal of the same.

VII. Same as 3 Jac. I. c. 13. § vi* p.2.

VI.

Commissioners

appointed.

Amount, &c. of sum recover* able.

Persons to sue or be sued.

Commisrioaerf determination to be final.

To what debts this act does not extend.

, ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Consequences of suing in any other court.

VI. Enacts, That if any person or persons shall commence and prosecute any action in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or in any other court, against any person inhabiting or residing within the said city and county of the city of Bristol, and the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and places aforementioned, for any debt or. sum of money due upon contract, promise, specialty, or otherwise, which upon the trial shall be found not to amount to the sum or value of forty shillings over and above costs, no judgment shall be entered upon record upon any such verdict; and if any judgment shall be entered thereon, then such judgment shall be and is hereby declared null and void; and also the defendant in every such action shall have his costs, in the Said suit, to be taxed by the said court or their proper officer where such action shall be tried, and paid him by such plaintiff in the said cause, any law or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (9)

56 Geo. III. c. lxxvl.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the City and County of the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset.

I. APPOINTS commissioners for the recovery of small debts above 40$., and not. amounting to any sum for which an arrest on mesne process may by law take place, and con-style of Court, stitutes them a court of justice by, the name of." The Court of . Requests for the city and county of the city of

Bristol, and. the liberties thereof, and the several parishes and out-parishes of, Clifton, Saint James, and Saint Paul,

and

- (9) Leave was given to enter a suggestion on the roll (pursuant to this act), that the parties were both inhabitants of Gloucester, and the " debt recovered under 40s.. Benson v. Hemming, Barnes, 363.

L.

13

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

and Saint Philip, and Jacob, and the tithing of Stoke Bishop in the parish of Westbury-upon-Trym, in" the county of

Gloucester, and the parish of Bedminstein the county of

Somerset "

XX. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for any person or Persons to toe persons, (whether such person or persons shall reside within and wed* the jurisdiction of the said court or not) having any debt or debts as aforesaid, recoverable by this act, due or owing by or from any other person or persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or being within the said city, or county of the same city, or the liberty or precincts thereof, or within either of the several parishes, tithings, or places aforesaid, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or generally using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood within the same, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XXVII. Enacts, That no privilege shall-be allowed to NojpnTiJcge to exempt any person, liable to be summoned by virtue of this aitorn°i«, &c. act, from the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of; his being a sworn attorney or solicitor, or other officer of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or of any other court whatsoever; but that all such attornies, solicitors, and other officers, shall be subject to the several processes, orders, judgments, and executions of the said Court of Requests in the safne manner as any other person or persons is and are subject to the same. '

XIV. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Over what the commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled, to decide and determine all disputes and differ- risdiction. ences between party and party for any sum exceeding two pounds, and not amounting to any sum for which an arrest on mesne process may by law take place, in all actions <or causes of debt or contract whereon money would be recoverable in the courts of common law under the common money counts in an action of assumpsit.

ABSTRACT of ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the coart.

This act not to alter the powers of SO Geo. II. c. 19. and 31 Geo. II, c. 11.

XV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said court to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold, or lease for years, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, or to judge, determine, or decide, on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than within the jurisdiction of the said court or any of them, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes, or for or concerning any matter of account between parties where the demand on either side shall have originally exceeded the sum oi fifteen pounds.

XVI. And whereas, by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An act for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages ofcertain servants, and for the better regulation of

such servants and of certain apprentices," it is enacted. That all complaints, differences, and disputes which should arise between masters or mistifesses and servants in husbandry who should be hired for one year or longer, or which should happen or arise between masters and mistresses, and artificers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, giassmen, potters, arid other labourers employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, should be heard and determined by one or more justice or justices of the peace for the place where such master or mistress should inhabit; and by one other act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An act to amend an act made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, act for the better explanation and

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

15

supplying the defects of the former lam for the settlement of the poor, so far as the same relates to apprentices gaining a settlement by indentures; and also to empower justices peace to determine differences between masters and mistresses and their servants in husbandry touching their wages, though such servants are hired for a less time than a year;" it is enacted. That all and every clause, matter, and thing in the said recited act contained, shall be deemed and construed to

flee.

extend to all servants employed in husbandry, though hired for a leas time than one year: Provided therefore, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this act contained shall ex* tend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to hear or determine any such' complaint, difference, or dispute, but all such complaints, difference, and disputes shall be heard and determined in such and the like manner, by such justice or justices, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Action not to be tend, or be construed to extend, so . as to. enable any plaintiff thil°

to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any court, unless, debt where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall amount to any sum for which an arrest on mesne process may by law take place, in order that the same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, {except to bring it within the proviso in that behalf hereinafter con* tained,) then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided; but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in soch other

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Concurrent jurisdiction with. the Tolzey Court, &c.

Defendants sued in this court, may remove the cause into the Tolxey Court, flee.

maimer as he or they may lawfully proceed: Provided always, that in case any plaintiff who shall have so split or divided such his or her cause or action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money as the said court is in and by this act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause or action so split or divided, then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners) such sum to the said plaintiff, not amounting to a sum for which an arrest on mesne process may by law take place, as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such sum stall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff in such cause or case so split and divided.

XL. Enacts, That all actions and proceedings, which before the passing of this act might have been brought in the Court of the Tolzey of the said city of or in any of

his Majesty's courts at Westminster or otherwise, may still, notwithstanding this act and the powers hereby granted, be brought and determined in the said Court of the Tolzey, or in either of the said courts at Westminster or otherwise, at the election of the party suing or proceeding, in the same manner as if this act had not been passed.

XLI. Enacts, That in case any person sued in the said Court of Requests, shall be desirous of having the cause tried in the said Court of the Tolzey, instead of the said Court of Requests, and shall, upon being served with the process out of the said Court of Requests, or within ttoo days afterwards, deposit in the hands of the Prothonotary of the said Court of the Tolzey the sum of five pounds on account of the plaintiff's costs, to abide the event of the suit, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the said plaintiff, any further proceeding in the said suit in the said Court of

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

17

Requests shall be thereupon stayed, and the plaintiff shall prosecute his action in the said Court of the as

though the same had been originally commenced in the said last-mentioned court; and the said Court of the Tolzey shall have jurisdiction thereof: Provided nevertheless, that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall not commence proceedings in the said Court of the Tolzey within one calendar month from the time of such deposit, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Prothonotary, and he is hereby required, to return the monies so deposited to the defendant, deducting a reasonable charge for his trouble therein; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the clerk of the said Court of Requests, or his deputy, and he is hereby required to return to the plaintiff the money so deposited with him by the said plaintiff on the issuing of his summons, as required by this act.

XLII. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. p.7.

pleaded.

XXVIII. Enacts, That no person shall be permitted to No person to be appear in the said Court of Requests as an advocate, for or anothe^except, on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or any other person, &c* except in case of total incapacity in the party, by bodily infirmity or mental derangement.

XLVI. Enacts, That no order, verdict, assessment, or Proceedings not judgment, or other proceedings made touching or concerning any of the matters aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacated form, for want of form.

LI. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall in any Reservation of manner abridge, infringe, or lessen any of the rights, privi- 5*he8crt*e§l leges, powers, and authorities of the Court of Conscience, established in the said city of Bristol under the said act of sess.*. c. 18k* the first year of the reign of their late majesties King Wxlr &c* liam and Queen Mary, or any of the rights, franchises, immunities, powers, or authorities of the mayor, burgesses, and commonalty of the said city, or any of the accustomed rights and privileges of the said city, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

18 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

BOROUGH OF SOUTHWARK, &c.

22 Geo. II. c. 47.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey $ Christ Church, Saint Mary, Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same.

Style of Coart.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable. Explained and amended by Geo. 2. c. 6. $ 1. and 46 Geo. iii. c. 87. $ 1. 6.

i. Appoints commissioners and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the town and borough of in the county of

Surry."

IV. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every resiant and inhabitant of the said town and borough of Southwark, { 1) and for all die resiants and inhabitants within the said several parishes of Saint Saint Mary at

.Newington, Saint Mary MagdaBermondsey, Christ

Church, late part of Saint Saviours, Saint Mary at -bethy and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the county of Surry, and to and for all and every person and persons renting or keeping any shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood within the said town and borough, or within any of the parishes, limits or precincts aforesaid, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts owing unto him, her* or them, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, by any person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or seeking a livelihood, within the said town and borough, or within any of the parishes, limits or precincts aforesaid, as aforesaid, to cause such debtor or debtors, so inhabiting, or seeking a livelihood, as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c. (2).

(1) Comprising the parishes of St. Olave, St. John, St. George, and v'%, St. Thomas, Southwark.

(2) In order to proceed under this clause, both plaintiffand defendant

must

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

19

XVI. Same as 3 Jac. 1. c. 15. § vi. ante, p. 2. wh*tdebu

tins act does not extend. Repealed by Geo. IV. c. cxxiii. $ xiv. But see 46 Geo. Ill* c. Ixxxvii.

xii. & 4 Geo. IV. c. cxxiii. $ xii.

VI. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action on Consequences the case upon an assumpsit for recovery of any debt to be othercoort^ sued or prosecuted against any person or persons aforesaid, j^by in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out c. cxxiii. $14. of the said Court of Requests, it shall appear to the judge or judges of the court, where such action shall be sued or prosecuted, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff in such action doth not amount to the sum offorty shillings, eo *

and the defendant in such action shall duly prove, by suf- $ is. ficient testimony, to be allowed by any the judge or judges of the said court where such action shall depend, that at the time of commencing such action, such defendant was inhabiting and resiant within the said town and borough of Southwark, or any of the parishes, limits, and precincts aforesaid, in the county of Surry; and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests for such debt, then, and in' such case, the said judge or judges shall not allow to the said plaintiff any costs of suit; but shall award that the said plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary costs to the party defendant, as such defendant shall justly prove, before the said judge or judges, it hath truly cost him in the defence of the said suit. (3)

most be resident within the jurisdiction of this court. Dillamore v.

Capon, 1 Bing. 388.

The superior courts will not rescind a rule on the ground that, at the time of discussion, the parties omitted to present to the notice of the court, a statute which might have affected its decision. Dillamore v.

Capon, 1 Bing. 398.

(3) This act cannot be pleaded to an action brought in a superior court. The proper mode for the defendant to avail himself of it is, by entering a suggestion on the record after verdict, or the execution of a writ of inquiry. Where the plaintiff, having obtained judgment on a general demurrer to such a plea, executed a writ of inquiry, on which the damages were assessed at less than 40s., five days before the end of

c 2 the

20

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

32 Geo. II. c. 6.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more

easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary, Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rp-therhithe, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act to such Part of the Eastern Half of the Hundred

the term, and signed final judgment on the last day of the term, the court in the next term refused to direct the prothonotary to review his taxation of costs to the plaintiff, on an affidavit stating the former proceedings, and that the defendant was resiant within the jurisdiction of the inferior court; because the defendant ought to have entered a suggestion, and that before final judgment was signed. And to entitle himself to such a suggestion, supposing it to be moved for in time, the defendant must state in the affidavit, not only that he is resiant within the jurisdiction of, but also that he is liable to be warned or summoned to the Court of Requests. After judgment by default, the defendant is still in court for many purposes, one of which is, that of entering such suggestion. Semb. that judgment on a general demurrer to a plea in bar, the matter of which, even if well pleaded, would be no defence to the action, is to be considered as a judgment by default. Barney v.Tubb, 2 H. Blac. 351.

The court will not refuse leave to enter a suggestion under this clause, on the ground, that a court of conscience has no authority to try a question of bankruptcy. Keay and another, Assignees of Taylor, v. Rigg, 1 Bos. and Pull. 11.

In Clark v. Askew, 8 East, 28, it was held, that where the plaintiff's witnesses proved, that the debt, which was originally was reduced below 40s., by part payment before the action brought, the case was within this clause.

If a defendant lodge within the jurisdiction of this act, though he carry on his business, and the goods were delivered, out of the jurisdiction, and the plaintiff had no knowledge of his lodging within it till after the process was sued out; yet he is within the statute. Spencer v. Holloway, 15 East, 647.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

21

dred of Brixton, in the said county, as is not included in the said Act.

i. Enacts That all persons whatsoever inhabiting within the limits of the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject to the process and jurisdiction of the court constituted by the 22 Geo. II. c.47. for any debt or debts by them or any of them, then or at any time or times thereafter owing to any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, although the plaintiff or plaintiffs suing out such process shall not inhabit or reside within the said borough of Southwark, or any of the parishes mentioned in the said recited act, or the liberties or precincts thereof; any thing in that act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Enacts, That the said act made in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary, 'Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary, Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the county of Surry, and the several precincts and liberties of the same, with the explanation and amendment thereof herein before enacted, and all the powers, directions, punishments, penalties, forfeitures, provisoes, matters, and things in the said act contained, shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to the several parishes of Streatham, Camberwell,

and the manor of Hatcham in the parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the county of Surry, being the remaining part of the Eastern half of the hundred of Brixton, which is not included in the said act, and to all the residents, inhabitants, and persons renting or keeping any shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood within the said parishes and

manor.

Persons to be sued.

22 Geo. II. c.47. and the several powers, &c. therein extended to the parishes of Streatham, Clapham, Camberwell, and manor of Hatcham, &c. Explained and amended by 46 Geo. 3. c. 87. $ 1. vi.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

So much of the recited acts as restrains the jurisdiction of the court to debts not exceeding 40s. repealed.

Style of Court, &c.

Parties to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable, &c.

manor, and to all other persons, in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said parishes and manor were part of the said town fand borough of, or as if the said

powers, directions, punishments, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, matters and things, were herein re-enacted with respect and in relation to the said parishes and manor.

46 Geo. III. c. lxxxvii.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two Acts passed in the Twenty-second and Thirty-second Years of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned.

I. ENACTS, That so much and such part of the acts of the twenty-second and the thirty-second years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said town and borough of Southwark and the said Eastern half of the Hundred of Brixton, to debts not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, shall (from and after the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred and six) be, and the same are, hereby repealed.

II. Constitutes commissioners a court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests for the town and borough of Southwark and Eastern half of the Hundred of Brixton in the county of Surry," and gives them power, &c. to hear, examine, and determine all matters in controversy coming before them between party and party, where the debt shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

VI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, whether residing within the said town and borough of Southwark, and the said Eastern half of the

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

23

hundred of Brixton, or elsewhere, all bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any such^debt as is herein-before specified or mentioned; or any other debt or debts owing or due to, or claimed, or demanded by such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons to whom he, she, or they shall be executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee; and for which debt or debts he, she, or they shall demand any sum of money, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, from any person or persons whomsoever, residing or inhabiting within the said town and borough of Southwark, and the said Eastern half of the hundred of Brixton; or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand; or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing within the same town and borough, and Eastern half hundred, to cause such debtor or debtors, person or persons, from whom such debt or debts shall be due or owing, or claimed or demanded, and so resident, inhabiting, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand; or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c. and no orders, decrees, judgments, or proceedings, shall be removed or removable into any other court by certiorari, or otherwise howsoever.

XI. Enacts, That in every case where any wages, not exceeding the sum of Jive po, shall be due to any menial or other servant, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall be lawful for such servant to sue for, and recover such debt in the said Court of Requests, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age: and the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, or any three or more of them, according to the amount of such debt, are hereby fully authorized and required in such cases to take cognizance

Proceedings not removable. Repealed by Geo. IV. c. cxxiii. $ 15.

Servants under age may recover wages.

24

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

See also Geo. IV. c. cxxiii. $12.

Persons not prevented from recovering rents by distress, &c.

Consequence of suing in any other court, for debts recoverable in this. Repealed by Geo. IV. c. cxxiii. $ 16.

zance of, and proceed concerning such debts in the same manner; and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiffs and defendants were of full age.

XII. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con-

tained, shall not extend to any debt where any title of freehold, or lease for years of any lands or tenements, shall come in question; or to any debt by specialty which shall not be for the payment of a sum certain, nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account or demand originally exceeding five pounds; nor to any other debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said town and borough of Southwark, and the said Eastern half of the said hundred

of Brixton; or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to, the Ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter suable therein, albeit the same respectively shall not exceed Jive, any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. (4).

XIV. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiii. ante, p. 7.

XIII. Enacts, That if any action or suit shall be com-

menced in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for any debt not exceeding the sum of Jive ,

and recoverable by virtue of the said recited acts and of this

act,

(4) A debt originally above 5 I.but reduced by partial payment below that sum, is within the exception in this clause. Fountain v. Young, 1 Taunt. 60. and see Clark v. Askew, 8 East, 28. ante, p. 20. n. 3.

Where a demand for plumber's work and new materials found, amounting in value to Ql. was reduced below 5/. by the plaintiff's taking the old lead, and allowing for it, instead of using it as far as it would go, in which case the original demand would have been under 5/., the plaintiff is not entitled to his costs under this act, and it is not a demand reduced below 5l. by balancing an account within the exception of this section. Porter v. Philpot, 14 East, 343; and see Harsant v. Larken, 3 Brod. and Bing. 257.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

25

met, or any or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit; and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. (5)

XV. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, p. 7.

XXII. Enacts, That the acts of the twenty-second and thirty-second years of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and all powers, provisoes, clauses, matters, and things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed, or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this present act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend.

XXIV. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any person or persons from levying plaints in the Court of King's Palace of Westminster, of all and all manner of trespasses, vi et artnis trespasses, trespasses upon the case, debt, account, detinue of goods and chattels, deceits, and contracts, and all other personal causes, plaints, and pleas, or from bringing any action or actions whatsoever for rent,

in

(5) An action upon the case for negligence in driving the plaintiffs carriage, contrary to an implied assumpsit, is not a demand coming within the jurisdiction of this act. Lawson v. Moggridge, 1 Taunt. 396.

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

Recited acts where not repealed, or otherwise provided for, extended to this act.

Saving the rights of the Palace Court.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

in the same manner as he or they might have done in case this act had not been passed, but subject nevertheless, and without prejudice to so much and such part or parts of the twenty-second year of his said late Majesty's reign, as relates to or concerns the suing for and recovery of any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the rights, liberties, franchises, usages, customs, or privileges of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of within the town and borough of Southwark aforesaid, heretofore had, granted, used, enjoyed, or exercised, or which may lawfully be used, enjoyed, or exercised, or alter, abridge, lessen, or diminish any power, authority, or jurisdiction heretofore used or exercised within the said town and borough of Southwark, or any part thereof, by, the Lord Mayor of the said city for the time being, or by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the same city, or by the aldermen and recorder of the same city for the time being, each and every or any of them, or by the steward of the court of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of of their town and borough of Southwark, commonly called The Borough Court of Southwark, or any of the officers or ministers of the said last-mentioned court; but that all and every such rights, liberties, franchises, usages, customs, privileges, powers, authorities, and jurisdiction, shall be hereafter used, exercised, and enjoyed in every respect in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4 Geo.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

S7

4 Geo. IV. c. cxxiii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of and render more effectual certain Acts of the Twenty-second and Thirty-second years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and the Forty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned.

VII. ENACTS, That no person shall be exempt from the jurisdiction of the said court by reason of his being a sworn attorney or solicitor, or other officer of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or of any other court whatsoever; but that all such attornies, solicitors, and other officers shall be subject to the several processes, orders, judgments, and executions of the said court in the same manner as any other person or persons is or are subject to the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this act, or any or either of the said recited acts contained, shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, or on any debt for any sum being the balance of an account or demand originally exceeding five pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or any of them, or by reason of any cause concerning any will or testament, or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or by reason

Attornies, subject to the jurisdiction of the Court

Matters ex. empted from the jurisdiction of the court.

See also 22 Geo. 2. c. 47. $xvi. & 46 Geo. 3. c. 87. § xii.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

This act not to alter the powers of 20 Geo. 2. C.19.& 31 Geo. 2. c. 11.

Repeal of 16 in 22 Geo. 2. c. 47.

son of any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes.

XIII. Same as 56 Geo. III. c. lxxvi. §xvi. ante, p. 14.

XIV. And whereas it is in and by the said act of the twenty-second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, enacted. That if in any action of debt, or action on the case upon an assumpsit for the recovery of any debt, to be sued or prosecuted against any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, it shall appear to the judge or judges of the court where such action shall be sued or prosecuted, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff in such action doth not amount to the sum of forty shillings, and the defendant in such action shall duly prove by sufficient testimony, to be allowed by any of the judge or judges of the said court where such action shall depend, that, at the time of commencing such action, such defendant was inhabiting and resident within the said town and borough of Southwark, or any of the parishes, limits, and precincts aforesaid in the county of Surry, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests for such debt, then and in such case the said judge or judges shall not allow to the said plaintiff any costs of suit, but shall award that the said plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary costs to the party defendant, as such defendant shall justly prove before the said judge or judges, it has truly cost him in the defence of the said suit: And whereas it is in and by the same act enacted or provided. That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any lease of lands or tenements, or any other real contracts, nor to any other debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same shall be under forty shillings; any tiling be-

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

29

fore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: and whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited act should be repealed; be it therefore enacted. That so much of the said last-mentioned act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and made null and void.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that so much and such Repeals part of part of the said recited act of the forty-sixth year of the

reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, as enacts that no orders, decrees, judgments, or proceedings, as therein-before mentioned, shall be removed or removable into any other court by certiorari, or otherwise howsoever, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, that the same shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And whereas it is expedient that so much of the Repeals $ is of

. . !/ 46 Geo. 3. c. 87.

s^id last-mentioned act as declares, that if any action or suit

shall be commenced in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster for any debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said therein recited acts, and of that act, or any or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law, should be repealed; be it therefore hereby further enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and made null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVIII.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

visi^soffof^. XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, acts to this act. That the three hereinbefore-mentioned or recited acts of the twenty-second and thirty-second years of his said Majesty King George the Second, and the forty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, and all enactments, powers, provisoes, clauses, matters and things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same or any of them are not by this act repealed, altered, varied, or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of the present act, remain, continue, and be in full force and effect, and shall extendjmd be applicable in such and the same manner, and as fully as if the same were in this act repeated and re-enacted.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

31

THE CITY OF WESTMINSTER, &c.

23 Geo. II. c. 27.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, a that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

i. Commissioners constituted a court of justice

by the name of " The Court of Requests for the city and Style of Court liberty of Westminster and that part of the duchy of Lanr caster which adjoineth thereto." (1)

VI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to, and for Persons to sue every resiant, and inhabitant, within the said city and liberty, amount ^ofsum* or the said part of the said duchy aforesaid, and to and for recoverable, every person and persons renting or keeping any shop, shed. Explained and stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood within the said city and uTc.^ 1.

liberty of Westminster, or in the said part of the said duchy »

aforesaid, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts due or owing unto him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, by any person or persons whatso-

ever, inhabiting or seeking a livelihood within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or in that part of the said duchy aforesaid, to apply to the said clerks of the said court, or one of them, who shall cause such debtor or debtors so inhabiting or seeking a livelihood as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c.

To what debts

XX. Same as 3 Jac. I. c. 15. s. vi., p. 2. this act does not

extend.

XXI. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not No suit for debts

amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by thUacM

virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests shall be brought court.

(j) Comprising the parishes of St. Margaret, St. John the Evangelist,

St. James, St. George-Hanover-Square, St. Anne, St. Martin-in-the-Fields, St. Clement Danes, as well within the liberty of Westminster as without, St. Mary-le-Strand, and St. Paul Covent Garden.

against

32

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

In action for a debt under 40s. sued for in any other court, defendant may plead thb act in bar, &c.

Plaintiff may afterwards sue for the debt in the court of requests.

against any person residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any other court whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if in any action of debt, or action on the case upon an assumpsit for the recovery of any debt, to be sued or prosecuted against any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of such action that at the time of commencing such action the defendant was inhabitant and resiant within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or that part of the said duchy aforesaid, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and in case, the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for the sum of forty shillings, or any sum of money exceeding the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally, (over and above such matters as aforesaid,) that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to the sum offorty shillings, without pleading any other matter specially, whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have full costs. (2)

IX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff in such action, afterwards to prosecute the defendant, for the recovery of his said debt in the said

Court

(2) When a defendant living within the jurisdiction of this court, is sued in one of the superior courts for a debt under forty shillings, he may plead this act in bar. But if he omit to do so, the court will not, after verdict, either enter a suggestion on the record that the defendant lived within the jurisdiction, or stay the proceedings. — Taylor v. Blair, 3 Durnf. and East, 452.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

33

Court of Requests, such verdict or judgment, obtained against him as aforesaid, in any wise notwithstanding.

24 Geo. II. c. 42.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and for making the said act more effectual.

i. Enacts, That an persons admitted as attornies or Attornies and solicitors, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, sub- jei^to^project to all the processes of the said Court of Requests for the cesses of the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the dutchy coart* of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; any thing in the said act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether any person Persons residing or persons residing within the city and liberty of - Object to the

ster, or that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and who are indebted to persons who did not reside plaintiff be not within the limits aforesaid, are subject to the jurisdiction of re8iant there, n* the said court; for the remedy thereof be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons inhabiting within the limits aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject to the process and jurisdiction of the said court, although the plaintiff, suing out such process, shall not inhabit or reside within the said city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

34

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court *

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Amended by 19 Geo. III. c. 68. $ xx. &c.

To what debts this act does not extend.

And see 19 Geo. III. c. 68. $ XX. &c.

TOWER HAMLETS.

r A

23 Geo. II. c. 30.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

i. Commissioners constituted a court of justice,

by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets." (I)

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any person or persons, who now have, or hereafter shall have any debt or debts owing unto him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, by any person or persons whatsoever, residing or inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the district hereinbefore described, or any part thereof, to cause such debtor or debtors, so resiant, inhabiting or keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c.

XX. Same as 3 Jac. I. c. 15. § vi. ante, p. 2.

vir.

(1) Comprising the parishes of St. Mary Whitechapel; Christ Church, St. Leonard, Shoreditch; St. John, Hackney; St. Matthew, Bethnal Green; St. Mary, Stratford, Bow; Bromley, St. Leonard;

St. Ann, St. Paul, Shadwell; St. George, St. John, Wapping; St. tolph, without Aldgate, commonly called the Liberty of East Smithfield; Trinity Minories, Mile End Old Town, Mile End New Town, Radcliffe, Poplar, and Blackmail, which four last-mentioned are within the parish of Stebunheath, otherwise Stepney, in the county of Middlesex;

the precinct of the Tower without, the precinct of St. Catherines, the precinct of Wellclose, the precinct of the Old Artillery Ground, and the liberty of Norton Falgate.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

VIL Same as 22 Geo. II. C. 47. § vi. ante, p. 19. Consequences of

suing in any other court.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- When plaintiff rity aforesaid, that where the plaintiff shall, upon any action thju^%erdto brought in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or in any le8s 40«

of the courts of great session in Wales, or Counties Palatine, obtain a verdict for less than forty shillings, if the judge or judges, who shall try the said cause, shall certify that there was a probable Or reasonable cause of action for forty shillings or more, in every such case, the plaintiff shall not be liable to pay costs, but shall recover his costs of suit, as if this act had apt been made.

Nosuitfordebts recoverable by

XXI. Same as 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § xxi. ante, p. 31. this act to be

brought in any other court.

XXIII. Provided always, that nothing contained in this act This act not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain the ancient exte?d to

precinct of the

court of record, held for and within the liberty of the Tower of Tower within. London, from holding plea of any personal action, the cause of which shall arise within the precinct of the fortress of the said Tower, commonly called the precinct of the Tower within, or from holding plea of any personal action, (other than actions for debts not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, the cause of which shall arise in any part of the liberty of the said Tower, out of the said precinct of the Tower within,) or to take away or abridge any jurisdiction, authority, privilege, immunity, or exemption, which the chief governor of the said Tower, or his deputy or deputies, or any officers or ministers, or inhabitants within the said liberty, enjoys or enjoy, or ought to enjoy by virtue of any law, usage, custom, prescription, grant, charter, or commission; any thing in this' act to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

n 2 19 Geo *

36

Attornies liable to process of this court.

Commissioners to take cognizance of debts under 40s. for rent, &c.

No rent recoverable unless plaintiff has been in posses-

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

19 Geo. III. c. 68.

An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more an

Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late '

King George the Seconder the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

1. Whereas an act of parliament was passed in the twenty-third yew of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the Tower Hamlets, which said act hath by experience been found useful to the inhabitants thereof; but the same is in many respects defective, and insufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended.

XXIV. Enacts, That no privilege shall be allowed to exempt any person from the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests on account of his being an attorney or solicitor of any of the courts at Westminster, or of any other court whatsoever, but that alt attornies and solicitors shall be subject to the several processes, orders, judgments, and executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same manner as any other persons are subject to the same by this or the said former act.

XX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to take cognizance of any debt or demand, under the v^lue of forty shillings, for rent of any tenement, or part of a tenement, within the Tower Hamlets aforesaid, let by parol demise (except the precinct of the Tower within), and also for the said commissioners to hear and determine on such debts and demands, and to award execution, in the same manner as they are authorized to do for any other cause of action, any thing in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, nevertheless, that the said commissioners shall not take cognizance of any such demand or claim for rent, unless the person or persons making such

demand

37

demand or claim, or the person or persons in whose right such demand or claim shall be made, or under whom he or they shall claim, hath or have been in the actual possession of the said tenements, or in the actual receipt of rent for the said tenements, during twelve months immediately preceding the time for which such rent shall be so demanded; and provided also that no recovery of rent in the said court be accepted or given in evidence in support of the title of any person or persons whatsoever, to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments whatsoever.

XXII. Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any person or persons from making distress for, or bringing any action or actions for rent, although the same shall not amount to the sum of forty shillings.

sion of the .premises, &c. before 12 months preceding, &c.

This act not to prevent recovering rent by distress, &c.

38

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

COUNTY OF MIDDLESEX.

23 Geo. II. c. 33.

Suitors of the County Court and county clerk, may determine suits for debt under 40s. in a summary way.

No plaints or orders of the court to be removed, except plaints in replevin.

Who may be summoned.

An Act for preventing Delays and Expenses in the County Court of Middlesex, and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the said County Court.

I. ENACTS, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the suitors of the County Court of Middlesex, together with the county clerk of the said county in county court assembled, or the major part of diem, of the said county clerk and suitors so assembled, upon any plaint to be entered in the said County Court, in any suit, where the debt or damages shall not amount to the sum of forty, to

proceed in a summary way, &c.

IV. Enacts, That no plaint shall be entered in the said County Court, as aforesaid, or any order or orders, or other proceedings to be had thereupon by virtue of this act, shall be removed out of the said court by any writ of recordari facias loquelam, certiorari, or false judgment, or otherwise

howsoever; but such order or orders so to be made by the said suitors and county clerk shall be final and conclusive to all parties whatsoever; provided nevertheless, that all plaints in replevin shall be proceeded in and removable in the same manner as if this act had not been made; provided also, that no person or persons shall be liable to be summoned to the said County Court at the suit of any plaintiff or plaintiffs, other than such person or persons as was or were liable to be summoned to the County Court of Middlesex before this act was made; and that this act shall not extend to give the said County Court any jurisdiction to hold plea of, or to hold or determine any action, case, or suit, other than such action, case, or suit as

the

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

39

the County Court of Middlesex might have held plea of by plaint before the making of this act. (1)

XIX.. Enacts, That in case any action of debt or action upon assumpsit shall be commenced and prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and the defendant or defendants, at the time of such action brought, shall live or reside in the said county of, and be

liable to be summoned to the said County Court, and the jury upon the trial of such cause shall find the damages for the plaintiff under the value of forty, unless the

judge shall in open court certify on the back of the record, that the freehold , or title to the plaintiff's land principally came in question, or that an act of bankruptcy principally came in question at such trial; then, and in such case, no costs shall be awarded to the plaintiff in such action, but the defendant or defendants shall be entitled to and recover double costs of suit. (2)

XX.

(1) Attorneys are not subject to the jurisdiction of this court. Wiltshire v. Lloyd, Doug. 381.

In Gardner v. Jessop, gent, one, &c. 2 Wils. 42. it was resolved by the court, that an attorney may be sued in the superior courts for any sum under 40s. though it be ever so small: and that an attorney cannot waive his privilege, because he is not allowed it in respect of himself, but for the sake of the superior court, and the suitors there.

(2) Verdict for less than 40s. the defendant had leave to suggest that he resided within the jurisdiction of this act. Fitzpatrick v. Pickering, 2 Wils. 68. Barnes, 470. S. C.

If there is a plea of tender as to part, and as to the

residue, and the plea of tender being found for the defendant, the balance proved on the non-assumpsit is under 40s. yet if that added to the sum tendered exceed 40s. the defendant, though subject to the jurisdiction of this court, is not entitled to double costs under this act. Hea-ward n. Hopkins, Doug. 448.

The jurisdiction of courts of conscience does not extend to contracts made on the high seas; nor will the court allow a suggestion for double costs under this act, where the original debt, being above 40s. has, by a balance of accounts, been reduced below that sum. APCullum v. Carr, 1 Bos. & Pul. 223.

If

Consequences of suing in other courts.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

This act not to extend to the Tower or Tower Hamlets;

or to the city and liberty of Westminster, &c.

XX. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to his Majesty's Tower of

London, or the several parishes, liberties, precincts, hamlets, and places within the Tower Hamlets.

XXI. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to the city and liberty of Westminster, and the precincts of the same, and so much of the several parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary Le Strand in the county of, as lies without

the city and liberty of Westminster, and also in the precincts of the Savoy adjoining thereto.

If an attorney of C. B. bring an action by original in that court against a defendant resident in Middlesex, and recover under 40s. the court will allow a suggestion to be entered under this act. Parker, one, &c.

V. Vaughan and others, 2 Bos. & Pul. 29.

An action for use and occupation may be brought in the county court of Middlesex. Parker, one, &c. v. Vaughan and others, 2 Bos. & Pul. 29.

If an action of assumpsit is brought against an inhabitant of Middlesex by an administrator, and the damages found are under 40s. the de-

fendant is entitled to haveahat suggested on the roll in the same manner as if the plaintiff had sued in his own right. Wase, administrator, v. Wyburd, Doug. 246.

An executor cannot be sued in this court. Ailway v. Burrows, executor, Doug. 263.

If the plaintiff sue in a superior court for a demand of above 40s. which, at the trial, is cut down below that sum, by the defence of infancy; and the jury thereupon find the damages for the plaintiff under 40s. the defendant residing in Middlesex at the time of the action brought, and liable to be summoned to the County Court there, is entitled under this act to enter a suggestion on the roll to that effect, entitling him to double costs of suit. Bateman v. Smith, 14 East, 300.

A suggestion cannot be entered under this act, in order to entitle the defendant to double costs after judgment by default, and writ of inquiry, but only where there has been a trial. Harris Lloyd, 4 Maule & Sel. 171.

The defendant cannot enter a suggestion on the roll under this act, where a verdict is found for one shilling damages, on an issue taken upon

a plea in abatement of misnomer. Welchen v. Le Pelletier, 1 Chit. Rep. 636. in notis.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

41

CITY OF LINCOLN, &c.

24 Geo. II. c. 16.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof; and within the Bail of Lincoln, tn the County of Lincoln.

i. Commissioners constituted a court of justice by

the name of " The Court of Requests for the city of Lincoln, and county of the same city, and the liberties and precincts thereof, and the liberty of Demon Fee, within the said city, and of the Bail of Lincoln."

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons who now have, or hereafter shall have any debt or debts due or owing unto him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings by any person or persons whatsoever, residing, inhabiting, or seeking a livelihood, within the said city of Lincoln, or county of the same, or the liberties or precincts thereof, or within the liberty of Bemon Fee, within the said city, or in the said Bail of -coin, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, to apply to the clerks of the said court, or their sufficient deputy ot deputies, who shall cause such debtor or debtors to be warned or summoned, &c.

XX. Same as 3 Jac. I. c. 15. § vi. ante, p. 2.

XXI. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act, in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person in any other court whatsoever.

VI. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action on the case, upon an assumpsit, for recovery of any debt, to be sued

or

Style of Court.

Persons to sne and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

To what debts this act does uot extend.

Actions for debt recoverable by this act not to be brought in any other coart.

Consequences of suing in any other court.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

42

or prosecuted against any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at, or elsewhere, out of the

said Court of Requests, it shall appear to the judge or judges of the court where such action shall be sued or prosecuted, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff in such action, doth not amount to the sum of forty shillings; and the defendant in such action shall duly prove by sufficient testimony, to be allowed by any the judge or judges of the court where such action shall depend, that at the time of commencmg such action, such defendant was inhabiting and resiant within the said city of Lincoln, and county of the same, or any part

thereof, or within the liberty of Lemon, within the said city, or in the said Bail of Lincoln, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests for such debt, then, and in such case, unless the judge or judges, who shall try the said cause, shall, in open court certify on the back of the record, that there was a probable or reasonable cause of action for forty shillings or more, or that the freehold or title to the plaintiff's land, or that an act of bankruptcy principally came in question, the plaintiff shall not recover, but be nonsuited in such action; and the defendant or defendants shall be entitled to recover double costs of suit. Plaintiff may VJI. Same as 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

afterwards sue for the debt in the Court of Requests.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

43

TOWN OF BIRMINGHAM, &c.

95 Geo. II. c. 34.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the town of Bermingham, and Hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.

I. APPOINTS commissioners, and constitutes them.a

court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requestsfor Style of Court.

the town of Birmingham, and the Hamlet of Deritend

thereto adjoining. *

II. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Pe(Ja££* and every resiant and inhabitant within the said town or ham- amount of sum let, and to and for all and every person and persons renting or recoverable' keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a liveli- Amended and hood within the said town and hamlet, who now have or hath, «t«ided to 5/. or hereaftershall have any debt or debts due or owing unto c. xiv.

him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of forty shil- $ u lings, by or from any person or persons whatsoever, residing, inhabiting, or seeking a livelihood within the said town or hamlet, to complain and apply to the said commissioners, &c.

XXV. Enacts, That no attorney at law or solicitor, being Attornies, &c.

i ., , , . - V, r liable to the

served with the process of the said Court of Requests, shall process of the

be allowed to plead or maintain any privilege against the court* process, authority, jurisdiction, or judgment thereof.

XXVII. Provided always, that this act, or any thing Debts not re-therein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come or be brought in question; nor to any other debt, matter, or thing that shall or See also 47 may arise upon, or in anywise relate to or concern any will, testament, or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court; but that such debt, matter, or thing may be sued for and prosecuted in such

court

44

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

court or courts, and in such manner as if this act had not 'Hieen made, although the same shall not amount to forty shillings.

No suit for debts XXIV. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not

this0 acMo be amounting to the sum offorty, and recoverable by

brought in any virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be other court, &c. . A

brought against any person or persons, in any other court

whatsoever; and the register or book of entries of the proceedings of the said Court of Requests shall be deemed legal evidence of the acts and proceedings of the said court; and the order of the said commissioners for the payment of money into court, for the use of the plaintiff, in any suit there depending, shall and may be pleaded in bar, or given in evidence, upon the general issue in any action depending in any other court, for the same matter, between the same parties.

In an action for XI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid,

a debt under _ ., : .

40s. sued for in That if in any action of debt, or action on the case, upon an

defendant may1' assumpsit, for the recovery of any debt to be sued or prose-plead this act in cuted against any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the bar, &c. King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said

Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to the sum, the defen-

dant may plead generally in bar of such action, that at the time of commencing such action the defendant was inhabitant and resiant within the said town and hamlet, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and in case the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for the sum of forty shillings, or any sum of money exceeding the sum oi forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally (over

and above such matters as aforesaid,) that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to the sum of forty shillings without pleading any other matter specially

whereto

RELATIVE TO COURTS <*F REQUESTS.

4$

whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him* or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have full costs.

XII. Same as stat. 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

XXVIII. Provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to extinguish, restrain, or otherwise prejudice the jurisdiction of an ancient court-baron, held by the lord of the manor of Birmingham, and his predecessors, time immemorial, within the said town of Birmingham; or to extinguish, restrain, or otherwise prejudice the jurisdiction of an ancient court held for the hundred of Hemlingford, in the aforesaid county of Warwick; but that plea shall and may, for the future, be held in the said courts respectively, of all debts, matters, and things within the said town of Birmingham, and hamlet of Deri-tend; and all persons shall and may sue and be sued in the said courts respectively, in like manner as if this act had never befen made.

47 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. xiv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town ^Birmingham and Hamlet of Deritend, thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.

1. REPEALS so much and such parts of the act of the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the

Court

Plaintiff may afterwards sue for the debt in the Court of Requests.

The jurisdiction of the court barou, and of other courts reserved.

So ranch of recited act as restrains the jurisdiction of this

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

act to debts not amounting to 40c. repealed.

Parties to sue or be sued, and amount of sum recoverable, &c.

Proceedings not removable.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

Court of Requests for the said town of Birmingham and hamlet of Deritend, to debts not amounting to forty shillings,

XII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) haying any debt or debts on the balance of account, or in respect of wages, rent, or arrears of rent, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as high-bailiff, constable, or other officer, to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or. friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said town or parish of Birmingham and hamlet of Deritend, or keeping or using any house, coachhouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting the markets there, or working or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to cause such debtor or debtors as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c .; and no orders, decrees, judgments, or proceedings shall be removed or removable into any other court by certiorari or otherwise, except for the purpose of enforcing and carrying into effect such order, decree, or judgment.

XVI. Enacts, That in every case where any wages, or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whomsoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 47

be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court, are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such debts, in the same manner, and shall have such and the like powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were of full age.

II. Enacts, That the said commissioners, or any three or Debts recover-

more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized 11113 act<

and empowered to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding^* pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, whether

such debt shall arise on any promissory note or inland bill

of exchange, or for rent upon leases, articles, minutes, and

in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all

causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes

and returns founded on a quantum m, and in all causes

or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that this

act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any $on 0?this actT debt where any title of freehold, or lease for years of any lands or tenements, shall come in question; nor to any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said town or parish of Birmingham and hamlet of Deritend, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts, or for or concerning any agreement, by way of composition for, or by way or retainer of tithes; nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to.any debt which there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within six

48 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Actions not to be split for the purpose of pro-ceedingin this court, but the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum

years, before the taking out of the summons, although the same respectively shall not exceed, any thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Enacts, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff to split or divide any cause or action, for recovery of any debt, where the whole sum which shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the sum of Jive, in order that the

same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions

adjudged, m full within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall of all demands. r

appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have

so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided; but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at, or in such other

manner as he or she may lawfully proceed: Provided always, that in case any plaintiff who shall have so split or divided such his or her cause or action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money as the said court is in and by this act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause or action so split or divided; then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce (on such plaintiff proving his* or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners) such sum to the plaintiff, not exceeding the sum of as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such sum shall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff in such cause or action so split or divided.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 49

XVIII. Same as 39 and 40 Geo'. III. c. civ, § xiv. ante, p. 7.

XVII. Enacts, That if any action or suit shall be commenced in any other court than the said Court of Requests, for any debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited act and of this act, or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit, shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been' recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and so often, such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any case by law: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any person or persons from making distress, or bringing any action or actions whatsoever, for rent, and thereby recovering such rent with costs, although the same rent shall not exceed the sum of five pounds. (6)

XXV. And whereas it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court; be it therefore enacted, that in all cases where a final decree or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten shillings, shall

have

(6) No person to whom any debt, recoverable by this act, is owing from any person resident within its jurisdiction, can recover any costs if be sue elsewhere than therein; wheresoever the plaintiff may reside, and wheresoever the cause of action may accrue. Lees v. Rogers, 4 Taunt. 150. and 1 Chit. Rep. 636. in notis.

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

Consequence of suing in any other court for debts recoverable in this; and not to prevent persons from recovering rents by distress, &c.

Record of judgment may be removed into any superior court, and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any county. J

30 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Recited act, except where repealed, extended to this act.

have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects (as the case may be), of the defendant or defendants; and if the person or persons, goods and chattels, of such defendant or defendants is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court (which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits), it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court to cause the record' of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or effects, of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at West min* ster; and the sheriff, upon every such execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized, to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of twenty shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the ordinary costs of the plaintiff or plainr tiffs in the said court, subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution, in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XXX. Provided always, that the said recited act, smd all powers, provisions, clauses, matters, and things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as and in such cases as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, and are not repugnant to any of the provisions of this act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

1

SAINT ALBANS, &c.

25 Geo. II. c. xxxviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Sunt Albans, in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Places

within the liberty of Stunt Albans.

i. Commissioners constituted a court of justice by

the name of " The Court of Hequests for the town and Style of Court. borough of Saint Albans and the Liberty of Saint Albany, in the county

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Persons to sue any person or persons whatsoever who now have, or hereof

after shall have, any debt or debts owing to him, her, or BUm «cover-them, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, by any person or persons whatsoever residing or inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said town or borough of Saint Albans, or the liberty of Saint, to cause .

such debtor or debtors, so recant, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stal}, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing a? aforesaid, to be warned or summoned,

XXIII. Same as 25 Geo. II. c. 34. § xxv. p. 43.

Attorniei, Ac. ante, lkbfeto the

process of the court.

XX. Same as 3 Jac. I. c. 15. § vi. ante, p* 2.

To what debts this act does not extend.

XXIV. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not Actions for debt

amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by nto

virtue of this act in die said Court of Requests, shall be be brought in . ..., . any other,

brought against any person residing or inhabiting within the.

e 2 jurisdiction

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

jurisdiction thereof, in any other court whatsoever, except as hereinafter is excepted, in action for a VIII. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action suedfoMnatry ' on case uPon an assumfor the recovery of any debt,

other court, de- to be sued or prosecuted against any person or persons plead'this^act. aforesaid, iii any of the King's courts at Westminster or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to the sum of ' forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of such action, that at the time of commencing such action the defendant was inhabitant and resiant within the said borough of Saint Albans, or the said liberty of Saint Albans, or any part thereof* and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matters specially; and in case the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for the sum of forty shillings, or any sum of money not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally, over and above such matters as aforesaid, that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to the sum of forty shillings, without pleading any other matter specially, whereto die plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited Or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him* or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have full costs.

Plaintiff may afterwards sue in ix. Same as 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32. the Court of 3 r

Requests.

Rights and ju- XXV. Enacts* That nothing in this act contained shall

nsdtction of the extend, or be construed to extend, to extinguish, restrain, or Earl of Salisbury, \ .* '

reserved to him. otherwise prejudice, the rights and jurisdiction of an ancient

Hundred-court, held by the Right Honourable James Earl

of Salisbury and his predecessors, for the hundred of Cashoe

or liberty of Saint Albans; or; to take away or abridge ariy

jurisdiction.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

jurisdiction, authority, privileges, or immunities which the said James, Earl of Salisbury, his heirs, or assigns, enjoy, or ought to enjoy, as lords of the hundred of Cashoe, or liberty of Saint Albans, by virtue of any law, usage, custom, prescription, grant, or charter; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

i

54

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Attornies liable to the process of the court.

To what this act does not extend.

TOWN AND PORT OF LIVERPOOL.

25 Geo. II. c. 43.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpoole and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

i. Nominates, constitutes, and appoints commissioners to hear and determine all such matters of debt and detinue as are hereafter mentioned; and such commissioners are thereby constituted and made a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Borough and Corporation and Port of Liverpoole and the Liberties thereof."

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, whether resiant or not resiant in the said borough and corporation and port of Liverpoole, and liberties of the same, who now or hereafter shall or may have any debt or debts, thing or things, due or owing or belonging unto him or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor or administrator, guardian or trustee, for or to any person or persons whatsoever, not amounting to or of the value of the sum of forty ,

by any person or persons whatsoever, as well attornies as others, residing, inhabiting, or seeking a livelihood within, or trading or sailing to or from, the said borough and corporation and port of Liverpoole, and liberties of the same, to apply to the clerks of the said Court of Requests, &c.

XX. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt or detinue, for any rent upon any lease of lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any other real contract, where the freehold doth come in question; nor to any debt which shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testaments or matrimony, or any thing concerning

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

55

ceraing or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court; nor to any matter, cause, or thing within the office, cognisance or commission of a justice of peace, albeit the debt, value or damage, shall be under the sum of forty shillings; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Same as £4 Geo. II. c. 16. § xxi. ante, p. 41.

< VII. Enacts, That if upon any action of debt, or action on the case upon an assumpsit for recovery of any debt, or upon any action of detinue (except as hereafter is excepted) to be sued or prosecuted against any person or persons aforesaid in the King's courts at Westminster, or other court or courts elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall declare for any sum of money or other thing not amounting to, or in value to the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of such action, that at the time of commencing such action, the defendant was an inhabitant or resiant, or a sailor, within the said borough and corporation and port of Liverpoole, or the liberties of the same, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; or in case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any rfuch action shall declare for the sum of forty skillings, or any sum exceeding the sum of forty shillings, or other thing as aforesaid of the value of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally over and above such matters as aforesaid, that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted unto the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any sum of money amounting to the sum of forty shillings, or that the thing or things sued for or detained was not of the value of forty shillings, without pleading any other matter specially, whereto the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall or may plead generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff or plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his or their

action.

Action for debt recoverable by this act not to be brought in any other court.

If plaintiff declare for less than 40s. in any other court, defendant may plead this act in bar.

If for more than 40s. the defendant may plead in addition, that, &c.

action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have double costs; or if the judge or judges who shall try the said cause, shall not in open court certify on the back of the record, that there was a probable cause of action for, or to the value, or amount of forty shillings or more; or that the freehold or title to the plaintiffs lands, tenements or hereditaments, or that an act of bankruptcy principally came in question, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall not recover, but be nonsuited in such action, and the defendant shall in like manner be entitled to double costs of suit.

wb

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

57

CITY OF CANTERBURY.

25 Geo. II. c. 45.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties and Precincts of the same.

i. Commissioners constituted a court of justice by

the name of " The Court of Requests for the city of Can- Style of Court. terbury, and the county of the same and the liberties and precincts thereof."

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Persons to sue person or persons who now have, or at any time hereafter JS, oun?oTsuir* shall have, any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, not recoverable, amounting to or of the value of forty shillings, due and owing unto him, her or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian or trustee, to or for any other person or persons, by any person or persons whomsoever, as well attornies at law and solicitors as others, Attornies sub. inhabiting, residing or seeking a livelihood, or keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand, or trading, or dealing, or gaining his, her, or their livelihood, within the said city of Canterbury, and county of the same city, or the liberties and precincts thereof, to cause such debtor or debtors being within the said city and county or the liberties and precincts thereof, to be summoned, &c.

XXIII. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted, Mattersexcmpt-that this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any lease of lands ortene- court, ments, or any other real contract; nor to any sum of money due, or to become due and payable for, or in lieu of tithes, or to any debt or sum of money due, or to become due and payable, by reason of any testament, or matrimonial contract; or to any matter or thing properly cognizable

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No debt under 2s. 6d.or for spirituous liquors, unless contracted at one time to the amount of 20s. recoverable by this act.

No debt recoverable in this aid court to be sued for elsewhere, &c.

sizable in the ecclesiastical court; albeit the same debt, or sum of money, shall be under forty shillings / any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also that no person or persons shall be entitled to recover, by virtue of this act, any debt, which shall not amount in the whole to the sum of two shillings sixpence; nor shall any person or persons be entitled unto, or have any remedy by this act, to recover any debt or sum of money whatsoever, for or on account of any spirituous liquors, unless such debt, or sum of money, shall have really, and bona fide been contracted at one time, to the amount of twenty shillings or upwards, and under forty, nor

shall any particular article or item for spirituous liquors, be allowed in any account or demand, or any remedy be had for the same, by virtue of this act, where the spirituous liquors mentioned in such article or item were not delivered at one time, and shall not amount to the full value of shil-

lings at the least; and that without fraud or covin.

X. Enacts, That no debt or sum of money, not amounting to forty shillings, recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be sued for, or be recoverable, in any other court whatsoever; and in case any action or suit for the recovery of any debt, or sum of money, under forty shillings, shall be commenced, sued, or prosecuted, against any person or persons liable to be summoned to, and for which debt, and sum of money, remedy is given before the said commissioners in the said Court of Requests, by virtue of this act, in any of the King's courts of record at Westminster, or in any other court elsewhere ont of the said Court of Requests; and the jury upon the trial of such action shall, by their verdict, find the debt, damages or sum of money due to the plaintiff, to be under forty shillings, such verdict shall be and is hereby declared to be void, to all intents and purposes; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the court in which such action shall be depending, to tax and award the defendant or defendants in such action, his, her and

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 59

their full costs of suit, in the same manner as if a verdict had passed for the defendant or defendants in such action; and the defendant or defendants shall, in such case, have the same or the like remedy for obtaining and recovering such costs as in cases where a verdict passes for the defendant in the like action.

XI. Same as 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

XII. Enacts, That if any debt, or sum of money, under forty skillings, shall be recovered, or in case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be barred of any debt, or sum of money, by the judgment, order, or decree of the said commissioners in the said Court of Requests, such judgment, order, or decree shall and may be pleaded, or given in evidence, as to such debt, or sum of money, which shall have been so recovered, or as to such debt or sum of money, of which the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall have been so barred in any action to be brought or commenced in any other court for the same debt or sum of money.

i

Plaintiffs may afterwards sue for the debt in the Court of Requests.

Judgment of commissioners concerning any debt to be given in evidence in, any other cooti.

60

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

HUNDRED OF BRIXTON.

31 Geo. II. c. 23.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surry.

I. COMMISSIONERS appointed and constituted a Style of Court, court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Western division of the Hundred of Brixton" (7)

II. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to whom any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, is, are, or shall be due and owing, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons to whom he or she shall be executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, and for which debt or debts he, she, or they shall demand any sum, not amounting to the. sum of forty shillings, from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, lodging and inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand; or trading, dealing, working, or otherwise seeking a livelihood within the said Western division of the hundred of Binxton, to complain to the said commissioners, &c.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Amended and extended to by 46 Geo. Ill, c. Ixxxviii. $ 1.

Attornies, &c. liable to the process of the court

Debts to which this act does not extend.

And see 46 Geo. III. c. Ixxxviii. §xiii.

XXVI. Same as 25 Geo. II. c. 34. § xxv. ante, p. 43.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon lease, or real contract, where the title of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, can or may come, or be brought in question; nor to any other debt, matter or thing, that shall or may arise upon or concern the validity of any will, testament, or contract of matrimony, and which properly belong to the ecclesiastical

courts;

(?) The Western division of the hundred of Brixton includes Wundt-worth, Putney, and Battersea, &c, . J

RELATIVE to courts of requests.

Cl

courts; or any other thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts; but that such debt, matter or thing, may be sued and prosecuted iq such court or courts; and in such manner, as if this act had not been made,

# although the same shall not amount to the sum of forty shillings.

XXV. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt or No suit for debts

demand, not amounting to the sum of, and recoverable in

, 1 f i this court, to he

recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Ke- brought in any

quests, shall be brought against any person or persons in any

other court whatsoever; and that the register or book of

entries or proceedings of the said Court of Requests, shall

be deemed legal evidence of the acts and proceedings

thereof; and that the order of the said commissioners for the

payment of any money into court, for the use of the plaintiff

or defendant in any suit there depending, shall and may be

pleaded in bar> or given in evidence upon the general issue,

in any action depending in any other court for the same matter between the same parties.

IX. Enacts* That if in any action of debt, or upon the case. Consequences upon any assumpsit for recovery of any debt, to be sued otherwurt, or prosecuted against any person or persons liable to be debt under 40|. summoned as aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of such action, that at the time of commencing such action, the defendant was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and in case the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for the sum offorty shillings, or any sum of money exceeding the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally (over and above such matters as aforesaid) that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the said plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to the sum of forty shillings, without

as

Plaintiff may afterwards sue for the debt in the Court of Requests.

So much recited act as restrains the jurisdiction of the court to debts not exceeding 40*. repealed.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

pleading any other matter specially, whereto the plaintiff shall and, may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, pr verdict pass against him, or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have full costs; and in case such defendant or defendants should neglect to plead such matters specially to such action, and shall plead the general issue, or any other special matter, not herein-before particularly mentioned; and the jury upon the trial of such action shall, by their verdict, find the debt, damages, or sum of money due to the plaintiff, to be under the snm of forty shillings, such verdict shall be, and is hereby declared to be void to all intents and purposes; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the court, in which such action shall be depending, to tax and award the defendant or defendants in such action, his, her, or their full costs of suit, in the same manner as if a verdict had passed for the defendant or defendants in such action; and the defendant or defendants shall, in such case, have the same or the like remedy for obtaining or recovering such costs, as in cases where a verdict passes for the defendant in the like action.

X. Same as 23 Geo. II. cap. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

46 Geo. III. c. lxxxviii.

An Act to explain, amend, and extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, mi the County of Surry.

I. REPEALS so much and such parts of the act of the thirty-first year of his said late Majesty King George the Second, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said Western division of the

L.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 65

hundred of Brixton, to debts not amounting to the stun of forty shillings.

IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful for any Parties to sue person or persons, whether residing within the said Western division of the hundred of Brixton or elsewhere, all bodies recoverable, politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who may have, or hereafter shall have, any such debt as is herein-before specified or mentioned, or any other debt or debts owing or due to, or claimed* or demanded by such person or persons, bodies politic of corporate* and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate of not corporate, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons to whom he, she, or they shall be executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee; and for which debt or debts he, she, or they shall demand any sum of money not exceeding the sum. of five pounds, from any person or persons whomsoever, residing

or inhabiting within the said Western division of the hundred of Brixton, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed,

stall, or stand; or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing within the said Western division of the hundred Of ,

to cause such debtor or debtors, person or persons, from whom such debt or debts shall be due and owing, or claimed or demanded, and so resident, inhabiting or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand; or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c .; and that no orders, decrees, judgments, proceeding* or proceedings, shall be.removed or removable into any removable, other court by certiorari or otherwise howsoever.

Servants under

XII. Same ae 46 Geo. III. c. lxxxvii. § xi. ante, p. 23. *'"J"eo, «

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that Matter*exempt-this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend

to any debt where any title of freehold, or lease for years of court, any lands or tenements, shall come in question, .or to any

debt

64 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

debt by specialty which shall not be for the payment of a sum certain; nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand, originally exceeding five pound*; nor to any other debt that shall arise by reason of the occu-? pation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said Western division of the said hundred of Brixton; or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agrees ment by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter suable therein, albeit the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds; any thing herein ' contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

nted*fZP«' XV- Same 88 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiii. ante.

covering rent by p. 7. distresses, &c.

Statute of limi- XVI. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante,

tations may be, pleaded. P* '

Con sequences of XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or .suing m any suit shall be commenced in any of his Majesty's courts of

other court for J .

debts recover- record at Westminister, for any debt not exceeding the sum able in this. Qf five pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited act and of this act, or either of them, in the said Court, of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit, shall not, by reason of . a verdict for him, her or them, or otherwise, have, or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any / defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

to

XXIV. Provided always, That the said herein-before Recited act, ex-recited act of the thirty-first year of the reign of his said late repeaTed"^ Majesty King George the Second, and all powers* provisoes, 10 tW* clauses, matters, and things therein respectively contained,

shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this present act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that Saving the rights nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to Court* extend, to prevent, of restrain any person or persons from

levying plaints in the court of the king's palace of Westminster, of all and all manner of trespasses, et armis

trespasses, trespasses upon the case, debt, account, detinue of goods and chattels, deceits and contracts, and all other personal causes, plaints, and pleas, or from bringing any action or actions whatsoever for rent, in the same manner as he or they might have done in case this act had not been passed, but subject nevertheless, and without prejudice to so much, and such part or parts of the said recited act of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty's reign, as relates to or concerns the suing for and recovery of any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

66 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

GREAT YARMOUTH.

31 Geo. II. c. 24.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery Small Debts within the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and the Liberties thereof.

i. Appoints commissioners and constitutes them a Style of Court, court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests for the borough town and port of Great, and the

liberties thereof" '

Persons to sue

IV. Enacts, that it shall and may be lawful to and fot any amount of sum^ Persc*n or persons whatsoever, who now hath, have, or here-recoverable. after shall have, any debt or debts, thing or things, under die value oiforty shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto him,

her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as exeautor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, to any other person or persons, by or from any person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said borough, of Great

mouth, or the liberties thereof, or using or frequenting the markets thereof, or usually buying or selling or seeking a livelihood therein, or sailing or navigating to and from the said port and haven of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to apply

Attornies, &c.

IX. Enacts, That no privilege or pretended privilege cessofSiiscourt! be allowed to exempt any person liable to be summoned by virtue of this act, from the jurisdiction of the said court of requests, on account of his being a sworn attorney or solicitor of any of the courts at Westminster, or of any court whatsoever.

To what debts

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho-^|*jtdoeauot rity aforesaid, that this act or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract,

67

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

tract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or heredity ments, can or may come in question; nor to any debt, matter or thing that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise relate to or concern, any cause of testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts, nor for any debt for any money or thing won at, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bylaw; nor to any debt whereof there has been no contract or undertaking to pay within sir years before the taking out the summons, although the same shall be under the value of forty shillings.

XXI. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt or thing not amounting to the value of forty, and re-

coverable by virtue of this act, in the said court of requests, shall be brought against any person or persons in any other court whatsoever; and if any action or suit shall be brought m any other court for any matter within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and concerning which any order, decree, or judgment, shall have been made or given in the said Court of Requests, such order, decree, or judgment, being pleaded or given in evidence on the general issue of such action or suit, shall, as to the matters contained therein, be an effectual bar to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit; and the registers or books of entry of the said court, or true copies proved by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall be deemed legal evidence of the acts and proceedings of the said court; and no suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceeding therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, but the same shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XIX. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action on the case upon an assumpsit for the recovery of any debt or thing to be sued or prosecuted against any person or persons as aforesaid in any of the King's courts at Westminster,

f 2 or

Debts recoverable in this court, uot to be sued for elsewhere.

Proceedings not removable.

Consequence of suing in any other court, for debt under 40s.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Plaintiff may' afterwards sue Li Coart of Re* quests.

Attornies not admitted to plead, fice.

or elsewhere, out of the sRid Court of Requests, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to forty shillings, the defendant or defendants may plead

generally, in bar of such action, that at the time of com*? mencing such action, the defendant or defendants was or were liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action shall declare for any sum amounting to forty shillings or more, the defendant or defendants may plead generally over and above such matters as aforesaid, that the defendant or defendants was or were not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any sum of money amounting to forty shil, without pleading any other matter specially, and unto the said pleas the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matter pleaded as aforesaid $ and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their action, or verdict pass, or judgment on demurrer be given against him, her, or them, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, unless the judge who shall try such cause, upon any such plea or pleas as aforesaid, shall, in open court, certify on the hack of the record that there was a probable or reasonable cause of action for some money or thing of the value of forty shillings or more, or that the said cause was not within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or that an act of bankruptcy principally came in question.

XX. Same as 23 Geo. II. c% 27* §ix* ante, p, 32.

XXVI. Enacts, That no attorney of any court of record shall be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as attorney or advocate, on behalf of any plaintiff or . defendant, or be admitted to speak in any cause .or matter before the said court, in which such attorney is not himself a party or witness, under a penalty of twenty .

XXIII.

69

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not take 'away, limit, or lessen the jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, held in and for the borough and port of Great Yarmouth aforesaid, by virtue of certain royal grants or charters, but all causes lawfully cognizable in that court, may continue to be commenced, prosecuted, and determined therein, according to the usual course and practice thereof as heretofore hath been; any thing in this act contained to die Contrary notwithstanding.

Jurisdiction of Court of Admiralty, not abridged by this act.

70

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sura recover> able.

Amended and extended to by 48 Geo. III. c. cix.$viii.p<»t. 72.

Atlornies, &c. liable to the proeess of the court.

Matters exempted from jurisdiction of the Court.

KINGSTON-UPON-HULL.

2 Geo. III. c. xxxviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-cpon-Hull.

I. NOMINATES and appoints commissioners to hear-and determine all such matters of debt as are hereafter mentioned; and such commissioners are thereby constituted a court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests for the town, port, and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull"

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever who now hath, have, or hereafter shall have any debt or debts under the value of forty shillings due or owing, or belonging unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, to any other person or persons by or from any other person or persons whatsoever inhabiting or residing within the said town of or

the county of the same town, or using or frequenting the markets thereof, or usually buying, or selling, or seeking a livelihood therein, or sailing or navigating to and from the said port and haven of Kingsto aforesaid, to

apply to the clerk, &c.

X. Same as 31 Geo. 2. c. 24. § IX. ante, p.

XXI. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent, upon any lease or contract where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question, nor to any debt, matter, or thing that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise

relate

71

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

relate to or concern any cause of testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical courts, nor for any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play, nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law, nor to any debt whereof there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within si* years before the taking out the summons, although the same shall be under the value of forty shillings.

XX. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not amounting to the value offorty, and recoverable by

virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons in any other court whatsoever, and concerning which any order, decree, or judgment shall have been before made or given in the said Court of Requests; such order, decree, or. judgment being pleaded or given in evidence, on the general issue of such action or suit, shall, as to the matters contained therein, be an effectual bar to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit: and the registers or books of entry of the said court, or true copies attested under the hand of the clerk of the said court for . the time being, and proved by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall be deemed legal evidence of the acts and proceedings of the said Court of Requests; and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; but the same shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXIV. Same as 31 Geo. 2. c. 24. §xxvi., p. 68.

The words, u and if any action or suit shall be brought in any other court for any matter within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests," seem to be here omitted. See 31 Geo. II. c. 24. §, p,

47.

Actions for debts recover. . able in this court, not to be brought in any other, and pro* ceedings not removable.

AUortiies not admitted to plead, &c.

72

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF FABUAMBNT

, 48 Geo. III. c. cix.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed the

Second Year of his present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of KlNG8TON-VPON-HuLL.

I. REPEALS so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his -present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and county of the town of King, as confines or restrains the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said town and county of Hull, to debts under the value of forty^shillings.

II. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them, a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the town, port, and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull"

VIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, (whether such person or personsshaH reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) having any debt or debts on the balance of account, or in respect of wages, rent, or arrears of rent, or otherwise howsoever, (save and except as herein excepted,) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or then! in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor or administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee, to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or. taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners of taxes, or of any drainage or otherwise, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which die said commissioners are by this act enabled to adjudge and de» termine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from

any

So much of 2 Geo. 1IL c. 38. repealed, as restrains the cognizance to debts under 40s.

Style of Court.

Persons entitled to sue or be sued, and amount of sum recoverable, &c.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 73

any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing or being within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the county of the same town, or keeping and using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or generally using and frequenting the markets there as a dealer, or seeking a livelihood, or sailing or navigating to and from the said port and haven of King$ton-up<m-Hull, aforesaid, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. xiv. ante, p. 46.

§ XVL

X. Enacts, That nothing in the said recited act, or in. this act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to determine* the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor on any debt for any sum, being the balance of an account or demand originally exceeding./foe pounds; or to judge, determine, or

decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said town or county, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes.

XIII. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall exr tend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the sum of five pounds, in order that the same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the

jurisdiction

Debts doe to persons under age may be recovered.

Matters exempt* ed from the jurisdiction of the court.

Actions not to be split for the purpose of proceeding in this court; but the court may decide in such action, so split, &c *

74

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners, that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided .his or her cause or action, as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to dismiss, with costs, every such cause or action so split and divided; but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he

or she lawfully may; provided always that in case any plaintiff or plaintiffs shall chuse to diminish or reduce his or her cause of action, originally exceeding the sum oi five pounds, and shall be willing to accept the sum of five pounds, or such other sum of money as the said court is, in and by this act, enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, and shall accordingly adjudge, decree, and pronounce to or in favour of such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause of action, so diminished or reduced; then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and may, on such plaintiff or plaintiffs proving his, her, or their cause or cases to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, adjudge, decree, and pronounce, to hint, her, or them, such sums of money, not exceeding, the sum of five pounds, as to the said commissioners shall Seem just and reasonable, in the same manner, to all intents, and purposes as if the original cause of action had been for no more than the sum so adjudged, decreed or pronounced; and such sum shall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the said plaintiff, in such cause or case so diminished or reduced; and such judgment or decree shall effectually preclude and bar. such plaintiff or plaintiffs from suing for or recovering in any court or courts of law or equity the surplus of the debt or debts in. any such cause or causes of action.

XXIII.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

75

XXIII. Enacts, That the said recited act, and all powers, provisoes, clauses, matters, and things, therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions, of this act, continue and be, and the same are hereby declared to be in full force, and shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend, in the same manner as if the same were herein contained and expressed.

Recited act, except where repealed, extended to this act.

76

ABSTRACT Of ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue or be sued, and amount of sum reaver-able.

Amended and

extended to 51.

by 47 Geo. III. sees. S. c. mix. $i«xviii.port, 78.

Attornies, Ac. liable to the process of the court.

Matters excepted from the jurisdiction of the court.

HUNDRED OF BRADFORD, (u.

S Geo. III. c. six. '

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds ^Bradford, Melksham, and Whorlsdown, in the County of Wilts.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and

in the county of Wilts" (1)

VIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now hath or have or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, due or owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the hundreds aforej said, or any part thereof, or trading and dealing or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to either of the clerks of the court, &c.

XXVII. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § ix. ante, p. 66.

XXV. Enacts, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament,

(1) Including the towns of Bradford, Trowbridge, and Melksham.

or

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 77

or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical courts; nor to any debt for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking or promise, to pay within six years before the taking out the summons for the

same, although such debt shall be under the value of forty skillings,

XXIV. Enacts, That no action*or suit for any debt, not No action fora

amounting to the sum offorty shillings, and recoverable by vir-

tue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought brou8ht in ., other court,

against any person or persons, residing or inhabiting within

the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or any other courts whatsoever, or elsewhere out of Consequences the said Court of Requests; and that if any such action or of*«ing injny suit shall be brought and prosecuted, and it shall appear to the judge or judges of the said court where such action or suit shall be brought, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or suit, doth not amount to the sum of forty shillings, and the defendant or defendants in

such action or suit shall prove, by sufficient testimony to be allowed by such judge or judges, that at the time of commencing such action or suit, the defendant or defendants was or were liable to be summoned before the said Court of Requests for such debt; then, and in every such case, the said judge or judges shall not allow to the plaintiff or plaintiffs any costs of suit, but shall award that the said plaintiff or plaintiffs shall pay so much ordinary costs to the defendant or defendants, as such defendant or defendants shall prove before the said judge or judges, or the proper officer of the court wherein such action shall be brought, it hath truly cost him, her. Or them in the defence of such action or suit.

XXVI. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxvi. p. 68.

47 GEO. pletd, See.

7B

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Repeals so much of said recited ait, as res trains the jurisdiction of the court to debts not ex* ceeding 40s.

Parties to sue ot be sued, and nature and amount of dent recoverable, &c.

See Section xiv. opposite.

47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix.

An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of his Majesty,

for the more, easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the y Hundreds 0/Bradford, Mklksham, and Whorlsdown, the County of Wilts-$ and for extending the of the said Act

to other Places in the scad County. (1)

I. REPEALS so much of the act passed in the third year of his present Majesty, as. confines or restrains the cognizance or jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, for the said hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and to any

debt or debts not exceeding the sum of forty shillings.

XVIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, whether residing within the jurisdiction of the said court or not, and all bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any such debt as is hereinbefore specified or mentioned, or any other debt or debts owing or due to or claimed or demanded by such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons to whom he, she, or they shall be executor, administrator, guardian or. trustee, and for which debt or debts he, she, or they shall demand any sum of money not exceeding the sum of five pounds from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said several hundreds, parishes, hamlets, and places, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or other place of dealing or working, or using, or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the

(1) By the xxxviiith section, for which see post, the powers, &c. of this and the recited act, except, &c. are extended to the several parishes, hamlets, and places of Westwood, Branham and Hawkeridge, in the county of Wilts.

same.

73

same, to cause such debtor or debtors, person or persons as aforesaid, from whom such debt or debts, shall be due or Owing, or claimed, or demanded, to be warned or summoned, &c .; and no such orders, -decrees, judgments, or proceedings shall be removed or removable into any other court by certiorari or otherwise howsoever.

XIV. Enacts, That it shall be lawful; for the said, commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide all disputes and differences between, party and party for any sum not exceeding jive pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, articles, minutes, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes of returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue, for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XXIII. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of jive pounds, shall be due and owing to my menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, cleric, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person to sue for and recover such debt in the said court, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age, and the said commissioners present in the said court, are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, a* if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, were all of full age.

XV. Enacts, That nothing herein, or in the said recited act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to judges determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands,

tenements

Proceedings not removable.

Over what debts the commission* ers have juris* diction.

Debts due to persons under age, may be recovered.

Matters exempted from jurisdiction of the court.

80

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

tenements or hereditaments, or of any chattels real shall be brought or come into question; or to judge, decide, or determine on any debt that shall not be for the payment of a sum certain, or on any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand, originally exceeding five pound *, or to judge, decide, or determine on any debt which shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said hundreds, parishes, hamlets, or places, some or one of them, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter suable therein, although the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Action not to be XVI. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall ex-

rose of*prrceed* tend or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff tug in this court. £0 Sp|it or divide any cause or action for the recovery of any debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and owing, shall exceed the sum of five, in order that

the same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners, that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action, as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss with costs, every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he or she may lawfully proceed.

But the court XVIE Enacts, That in case any plaintiff, who shall have amrdeddesuch so Spf£(or divided such his or her cause or action, shall be

action so split, if

the plaintiff will willing to accept such sum of money, as the said court is in

and

relative to courts of requests.

by this act enabled to adjudge, decree and pronounce, in full be satisfied to

commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pror □ounce, (on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners) such sum to the plaintiff, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable, and such sum shall in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners be declared to be, and shall be in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff io such cause or case so split or divided.

XXXI. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt Consequence of

or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every, such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for such defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law.

XXXII. Enacts, That nothing herein contained, shall Persons may extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain distrain for rent* any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of Jive .

XXXIV. 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, p. 7. Statute of limi.

XXXVII. Enacts, That the said recited act, and all Recited act of powers, provisoes, clauses, matters and things therein respec- 3 Geo. IILc m

so sput or divided; men, and in every suen case, me said of aRdemands.

recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Re #othfrcow?, for quests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, debts recover-

1 Jnh in fhia

able in this.

tations may be pleaded.

G

tively

82 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

except where, tively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby ex-pealed extend pressly repealed, or otherwise provided for, and are not in-ed to this act. consistent with any of the provisions of this present act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend. Powers of re- XXXVIII. Enacts, That the said recited act, and all

of this^t^ex- and every the powers, provisions, provisoes, clauses, and en-tend«ii»the ^actments therein contained, (save and except such parts

Wertwod, kc. thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this act into exe* cution as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this act; and all and every the powers, provisions, provisoes^ clauses, and enactments herein and in the said recited act contained, (save and except such parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered or repealed,) shall extend to the said several parishes, hamlets, and places of, Bromham, and

Hawkeridge, all in the said county of Wilts, as well as to the said several hundreds aforesaid.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

83

BOROUGH AND SOKE OF DONCASTER.

4 Geo. III. c. 40.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County if York.

i. Appoints commissioners and constitutes them a

court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests Style of Court.

for the borough and soke of Doncaster in the county of

VIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and Person* to sue

t, and be sued, and

for any person or persons whatsoever, who now hath, have, or aniount of sum hereafter shall have, any debt or debts under the value of recoverable. forty shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto him, her, or

them, in his, her, or their own rights, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee to any other person or persons, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said borough and soke, or using or frequenting the markets thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a livelihood therein, or sailing or navigating to or from the said town, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XIII. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § ix. ante, p. 66.

Attornies, &c. liable to die process of the court.

XX. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con- To what debts

., ., ., . this act does not

timed, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease extend.

or contract where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question, nor to any debt, matter, or thing that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise relate to or concern any cause of testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesi-

g 2 astical

84

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Debts recoverable in this court, not to be sued for elsewhere, and proceedings not removable* Attornies not admitted to plead, &c.

astical courts, nor for any debt for any money or thing won at, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager or any kind of gaming or play, nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law, nor to any debt whereof there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within six years before the taking out the summons, although the same shall be under the value offorty shillings.

XIX. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxi. ante, p; 67. XXIII. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxvi. p. 68.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

85

TOWN AND PARISH OF KIRBY IN KENDAL.

4 Geo. III. c. 41.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Parish of Kirby in Kendal, in the County ^Westmorland.

i. Appoints commissioners and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Style of Court. town and parish of Kirby in Kendal, the county of Westmorland, and limits thereof"

VII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Persons to sue any person or persons, whether resiant or not resiant in the amoun'oflu^ said town and parish of Kirby in Kendal, or the limits of the recoverable, same, who now or hereafter shall or may have any debt or debts, thing or things, due or owing, or belonging unto him or them, in his, her or their own right, or as executor or administrator, guardian or trustee, for or to any person or persons whatsoever, not amounting to or of the value of the sum of forty shillings, by any person or persons whatsoever, as well attornies as others, residing, inhabiting or seeking a Attornies, ice. livelihood in, or trading to, or within the said town and Uable* parish of Kirby in Kendal, or the limits of the same, to apply to the clerk or clerks of the said Court of Requests,

&c.

XIV. Enacts, That this act, or any diing herein con- To what debts, tained, shall not extend to any debt or detinue for any rent upon any lease of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any other real contract where the freehold doth come in question; nor to any debt which shall arise by reason of auy cause concerning testaments or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court; nor to any matter, cause or thing within the office, cognizance

86

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Debts recoverable in this court, not to be sued lor in an^ other.

Proceedings not removable.

zance or commission of a justice of the peace; albeit the debt, value or damages shall be under the sum of forty shillings; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not amounting to forty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests* shall be brought against any person or persons in any other court whatsoever; and no suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; but the same shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes *

XX. Enacts, That no order, decree or other proceedings of the said commissioners, in the said Court of Requests, shall be removed or removable by certiorari, or any writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and in case any person or persons shall be aggrieved by any order, decree, determination or proceeding of the said commissioners in the said Court of Requests, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or any of the clerk or clerks, officer or officers thereto belonging, such person or persons aggrieved as aforesaid, shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action upon the case.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

87

THE HUNDREDS OF BLACKHEATH, &c.

5 Geo. III. c. 8.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beck-exham, cfRokbsley otherwise Ruxlby, and of Little and Lbssnbss, in the County of Kent.

I. CONSTITUTES commissioners a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley, and Beckenham, of

otherwise Ruxley, and of little and Lessness, in the county of Kent "(I)

V. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, owing unto him, her or them, in his, her or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian or trustee, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing or inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said hundreds, or any part of either of them, to apply to either of the clerks of the said court, &c.

XXVIII. Enacts, That no attorney at law, or solicitor, being served with the process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the same court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any privilege against the process, authority, jurisdiction, or judgment thereof; nor shall any such attorney or solicitor aforesaid, be admitted to appear in the said Court

of

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, end amount of sum recoverable.

Amended and extended to by 47 Geo. III. sess. i. c. iv. § v. past, 91, *.

No attorney to have privilege or

practise in this court.

(1) The jurisdiction of this court extends over the parishes of East Greenwich; St.Nicholas, Deptford; St. Pours, Deptford; Woolwich, Lewisham, EUham, Chitlehurst, Charlton, Lee, Bromley, Beckenham, Bexley, Foot's Cray, St. Mary Cray, Orpington, and Plumstead.

88

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

of Requests as attorney or advocate, on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant; or be admitted to speak in any cause or matter before the said court, in which such attorney or solicitor is not himself a party or witness, under the penalty of jive pounds.

To what debts, XXVI. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con-extend d°eS n0t shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any

, , lease of lands or tenements, or any other real contract; nor

Amended by 47 7

- Geo. III. sess. to any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concern-

93 13' ing testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning, or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, although the same shall be under forty shillings; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Consequences XIII. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action

of suing hi any .

other court for upon the case, upon an assumpsit for recovery of any debt, able byethi*er to suec^ or prosecuted, against any person or persons as act. aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or any

Explained and where out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall Geol lII. c/29? declare for any sum of money not exceeding the sum of $iii. port, 90, forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of

such action, that, at the time of commencing such action, the defendant was inhabiting and resiant within the said hundreds, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and in case the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for any sum of money not exceeding /orty shillings, the defendant may plead generally over and above such matters as aforesaid, that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted unto the plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to above the sum of forty shillings, without pleading any other matter specially; whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XIV.

89

RELATIVE TQ COURTS OF REQUESTS.

XIV. Same as 23 Geo. II/c. 27. § ix^ ante, p. 32. Plaintiffmay

afterwards sue for the debt in this court.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the au- Reservation of thority aforesaid, that this act shall not extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to be or extend to alter, Chester, change, take away, or annul, any of the rights, privileges, franchises, and jurisdictions, of the Lord Bishop of Rochester; but that the same shall be, remain, and continue in as full and ample power, jurisdiction, and authority, as if this act had never been made, and shall not be, or be deemed to be altered, lessened, or affected thereby.

6 Geo. III. c. 6.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred Wellington, in the County of Surry.

I. ENACTS, That from and after the passing of this act, the said act made the last session of parliament, intituled " An Act for the more east/ and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxland of fyttle and Lessness, in the county of Kent," with all the powers, authorities, directions, punishments, penalties, forfeitures, provisoes, matters, and things, therein contained, shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to all the several towns, parishes, and places, within the said hundred of Wallington, Persons to sue and to all the resiants, inhabitants, and persons renting or keeping anj shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood recoverable, within the said hundred of Wallington, and to all other persons

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Amended and . extended to fio$ pound* by 47 Geo. III. seas. 1. c. iv. $ v. opposite.

sons whomsoever, in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, authorities, directions, punishments, penalties, forfeitures, provisoes, matters, and things, were herein re-enacted, with respect and in relation to the said hundred of Wallington. (1)

10 Geo. III. c. 29 '

An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, an Act passed in the Fifth Year of hit Majesty t Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Huxley, and Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent j and one other Act passed in the Sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surry.

No action to be III. ENACTS, That no action or suit for any debt, not other court for exceeding the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by the debt recoverable said acts, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, in m u* any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or in any other

See also 47 Geo. court whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Re-iv. $5v*.portT quests, against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the limits of the several hundreds or places mentioned in the said acts; and that if any action or suit shall be brought, 'Commenced, or prosecuted, the defendant in any such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue; and in case the debt sued for, or to be recovered in such action or suit, doth not exceed the sum of forty shillings; and the defendant shall prove, by sufficient testimony, that he was, at the time of bringing or commencing such action or suit, inhabiting and resiant, or dwelling within the limits

of

(1) The hundred of Wallington comprises the parishes of ,

Mitcham, Cashalton, Beddington, Morden, Sutton and Cheam.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

91

of the hundreds and places mentioned in the said acts, and liable to be warned or summoned before the commissioners of the said Court of Requests for such debt, then, and in every such case, the plaintiff in such action or suit shall not recover, but judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants; and the judge or judges before whom the said cause shall be tried, shall award that the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or suit, shall pay to the defendant or defendants treble costs; and if any such action or suit as afore-

said shall be commenced or brought, and the plaintiff therein shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or judgment be given against him on verdict or demurrer, the defendant or defendants, in such case, shall and may recover treble costs.

47 Geo. III. Sess. 1. c. iv.

A* Jet for extending to Sum of greater Amount than Forty Shillings, the Provisions of Three Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, and

Tenth Years of his present Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, Bromley, and Beckenham, Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, and of Wallington, in the County of Surry, and for amending the said

I. REPEALS so much and such parts of the 5 Geo. III. c. 8., 6 Geo. III. c. 6., and 10 Geo. III. c. 89. as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said hundreds, to any debt or debts not exceeding the sum of forty shillings.

V. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons, whether residing within the said hundreds or any of them, or elsewhere, and all bodies politic, or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any such debt or debts as is or are described in the said recited acts or any

of

So much of recited acts u confines the jurisdiction of the court to debts not exceeding 40s. repealed *

Parties to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable, fice.

92

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Proceedings

removable.

Minors may for wages.

of them, or any other debt or debts (save and except such as are herein excepted) owing or due to, or claimed or demanded by such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate; and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, in his, her or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons to whom he, she or they shall be executor, administrator, guardian or trustee, and for which debt or debts he, she, or .they shall demand any sum of looney not exceeding the sum of, from any per-

son or persons whomsoever, residing or inhabiting within the. said hundreds, or either of them, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said hundreds, or either of them, to cause such debtor or debtors, person or persons from whom such debt or debts shall be due or owing, or claimed or demanded, and so resident, inhabitant, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforesaid, to not be warned or summoned, &c. Provided always that no such order, decree, judgment, or proceeding, shall be removed or removable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere, sue XII. Enacts, That in every case where any wages, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due to any menial or other servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whosoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall be lawful for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said Court of. Requests, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners are hereby fully authorized and required in such cases, to take t cognizance of and proceed concerning such debts, in the same manner, and shall have

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

95

such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were of full age.

XIII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall Matters exempt-extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said UonofttU court commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or

to judge, determine, or decide any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, nor on any debt which shall not be for the payment of a sum certain, nor on any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand, originally exceeding^ve pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate' elsewhere than in the said hundreds, or one of them, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition, for or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter suable therein; any thing in this' act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Enacts, That if any action or suit shall be com- Consequences

menced in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West- of suing in any

. - .., - _ . other court for

rmnster for any debt not exceeding the sum of Jive, debts recovera-

and recoverable by virtue of the said recited, acts and of this ble m thi9* act, or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then Seealsoto Geo. and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such IIL c. 29. $ Hi. action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her antc'p* 9°'91 or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict 'shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such 'case such defendant or defendants shall have

treble

94

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Persons may distrain for rent *

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

Provisions of the recited acts to apply to this court.

Saving the rights of the Palace Court, &c.

treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any case by law; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be constrtied to extend, to prevent or restrain any person or persons from making distress for rent, and thereby recovering such rent with costs, although the same rent shall not exceed the sum of five pounds. (9)

XV. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. | xiv. p. 7.

XXIII. Enacts, That the said acts of the 5 Geo. III. c. 8., 6 Geo. III. c. 6. and 10 Geo. III. c. 29., and all and every the powers, provisoes, clauses, matters, and things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not varied, altered, or repealed, or otherwise provided for, by this present act, be as good, valid, and effectual, for car-lying this act into execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this act.

XXIV. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person or persons from levying plaints in the court of the King's Palace of Westminster, of all and all manner of trespasses vi et armis, trespasses upon the case, debt, account, detinue of goods and chattels, deceits and contracts, and all 6ther personal causes, plaints, and pleas, or from bringing any action or actions whatsoever for rent, in the same manner as he or they might have done in case this act had not been passed, but subject nevertheless, and with' out prejudice, to so much and such part or parts of the said recited acts, as relate to or concern the suing for and recovery of any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, not

amounting

(2) It is too late for the defendant, in the term after judgment signed, and execution levied, to apply to eater a suggestion on this act, to deprive the plaintiff of his costs, if he could have applied in the same term, Watchorn v. Cook, 2 Maule and Sel. 348.

mounting to the sum of forty shillings, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

96

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Debts recoverable in this court not to be sued for elsewhere.

Proceedings not removable.

THE HUNDREDS OF CHIPPENHAM, &c.

5 Geo. III. c. 9.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Calne, and Damerham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of Wilts.

I. COMMISSIONERS appointed and constituted a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests for the hundreds of CCaine, and Damerham North, and the lordship or liberty of Corsham, in the county of Wilts? '

IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons whatsoever who now hath, or have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the hundreds aforesaid, or any part thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to either of the clerks of the said court, &c.

XXVI. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or any other courts whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests; and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXVII.

97

XXVII. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con- Mattersexempt-tained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease dictbnof^this or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements or here- court* -ditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament, or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical courts; nor to any debt for money won at, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bylaw; nor to any debt whereof there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount shillings.

98

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of slim recoverable.

Attornies See. liable to process.

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

THE BOROUGH OF DERBY.

6 Geo. III. c. 20i

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of Derby and the Liberties thereof.

I. APPOINTS commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requestsfor the town and hormgh of Derby, and the liberties thereof."

VIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, due or owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the town and borough of Derby and liberties thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XXVIII. Enacts, That no privilege, or pretended privilege, shall be allowed to exempt any person residing within the said town and borough or liberties aforesaid, and liable to be summoned by virtue of this act, from the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn attorney or solicitor of any of the courts at Westminster or of any other court whatsoever.

XXV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract where the title of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament, or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical

courts;

99

courts; nor to any debt for money won at, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within six years before the taking out the summons for the same, although such debt shall be under the value of forty shillings.

XXIV. Same as 3 Geo. III. c. xix. § xxiv. ante, p. 77#

XXVII. 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxvi. p. 68.


No action to be brought in any other court, for debts recover-ble in this, lie.

No attorney to practise in this court.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

THE BOROUGH OF KING S LYNN.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

10 Geo. III. c. 20.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Liberties thereof.

I., Commissioners constituted a court of justice.

Style of Court, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Borough of King*s Lynn, and the liberties thereof1* (1)

II. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, who now hath, have, or hereafter shall have any debt or debts, thing or things, under the value of forty shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto him, her or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee to any other person or persons, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said borough of King*s Lynn, or the liberties thereof, or using or frequenting the markets, or marts, or fairs thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a livelihood therein, or sailing or navigating to and from the port and haven of Lynn afore-

said, as well with lighters and small craft as with ships and vessels, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

i^hTufthepro- VII. Same as SI Geo. II. c. 24. § ix. ante, p. 66.

cess of the court

Mattersexempt- XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the author risdic^n^of^the nty aforesaid, that this act, or any thing herein contained, court. shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or con-

tract,

' (1) Including the parish of St. Margaret within the said borough,

and the parish of South Lynn, alias All, within the said borough or liberties thereof.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

101

tract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question; nor to any debt, matter, or thing, that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise relate to or concern any cause of testimony or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical courts; nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt whereof there has been no contract or undertaking to pay within years before the taking out of the summons, although the same shall be under the value of forty shillings. Debts recorer-

XVI. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action on Consequences of the case upon an assumpsit for the recovery of any debt or "gin "J

other court for

thing, to be sued or prosecuted against any person or per- debts recover, sons as aforesaid, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, *We "lbw* or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to forty shillings, the defendant or defendants may plead

generally in bar of such action, that, at the time of commencing such action, the defendant or defendants was or were liable to be warned or summoned befcye the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any/such action shall declare for any sum amounting to forty shillings or more, the defendant or defendants may plead generally, over and above such matters as aforesaid, that the defendant or defendants was or were not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any sum of money amounting to forty shillings, without pleading any other matter specially; and unto the said pleas the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matter* pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs be

XVIII. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxi., p.

ableinthiscourt, not to be tued for in any other, and proceedings not removable.

nonsuited.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Plaintiff may afterwards sue for debt, &c. in this court.

No attorney to practise in this court.

Reservation of the rights of the Admiralty Court.

nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, or verdict pass, or judgment on demurrer be given against him, her, or them, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, unless the judge who shall try such cause, upon any such plea or pleas as aforesaid, shall in open court certify on the back of the record, that there was a probable or reasonable cause of action for some money or thing of the value of forty shillings or more, or that the said cause was not within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or that an act of bankruptcy principally came in question.

XVII. Same as 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

XXIII. £nacts. That no attorney of any court of record shall be admitted to appear, in the said Court of Requests, as attorney or advocate on behalf of any plaintiff or defendants, under a penalty of twenty shillings.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not take away, limit, or lessen the jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty held in and for the borough and port of King's Lynn aforesaid, by virtue of certain royal grants or charters; but all causes lawfully cognizable in that court, may continue to be commenced, prosecuted and determined therein, according to the usual course and practice thereof, as heretofore hath been; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

.0

RELATIVE TO COVETS OF REQUESTS.

103

POULTON, &c. in LANCASTER.

10 Geo. III. c. 21.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bispham, and Townships o/*Preesall and Stalmine, the County Palatine of Lancaster.

i. Nominates commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Style of Court. Requests for the parishes of PoultonLytham, and Bispham, and townships of Preesa and Stalmine, in the county palatine of Lancaster."

X. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons to sue and every person or persons whatsoever, who now hath or oTsum* have, or hereafter shall or may have any debt or debts not recoverable. amounting to the sum of forty shillings due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the parishes and townships aforesaid, or any part thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

XXVIII. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con- Matters exempt-tained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or here- court, ditaments can or may come in question; or in or upon any real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of anycause concerning any last will or testament, or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts; nor to any debt for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to

abstract of acts of parliament

Debts recover* able in this court, not to be sued for elsewhere.

Proceedings not removable.

No attorney to have privilege, or practise in the court.

any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within sir years before the taking out the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty .

XXVI. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not amounting to the sum offorty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or any other courts whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests; and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXXI. Same as 5 Geo. III. c. 8. § xxviii. ante, p. 87.

relative to courts of REQUESTS.

105

BOROUGH, &c. OF KIDDERMINSTER.

12 Geo. III. c. 66.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts i the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

I. NOMINATES commissioners, and constitutes them a

court of justice, by the name and style of" The Court of Re- style of Court.

quests for the borough and foreign of Kidderminster in the

parish of Kidderminster, and the county of ."

XII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Person* to sue all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now an<1 be sued, and

J rr amount of suiu

hath, have, or hereafter shall or may have any debt or debts recoverable, arising or accruing within the said borough or foreign of Kidderminster, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and due or owing to him, her, or them, by or from any person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the borough or foreign of Kidderminster, in the parish of Kidderminster aforesaid, or any part thereof, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

XXXII. Enacts, That no attorney at law or solicitor, No attorney to being served with the process of the said Court of Requests, have Pnv, le8c-or appearing in the same court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any privilege, against the process, authority, jurisdiction, or judgment thereof.

XXXIII. Enacts, That this act, or any tiling herein Mattersexempt-contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to ^oniccourt" any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title

of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question, or in or upon any real contract, nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning

any

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

any last will or testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, nor for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play, nor for any forfeiture of any penal statute or by-law, nor to any debt contracted on a Sunday for ale, beer, cyder, spirituous or other liquors, nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking or promise to pay within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to the sum oiforty shillings.

Consequence of XXX. Enacts, That if in any action of debt, or action

other court* for uPon case uPon an assu for the recovery of any debt, to debts recover- be sued or prosecuted against any person or persons afore-able m this. saj^y in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of money not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally in bar of such action, that at the time of commencing such action the defendant was inhabiting and resiant within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and in case the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for shillings, or any sum of money exceeding forty shillings, the defendant may plead generally, over and above such matters as aforesaid, that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to the sum of forty shillings, without pleading any other matter specially, whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall have full ' costs.

Plaintiff may af- T r

terwards sue in XXXI. Same as 03 Geo. 11. c. 27. § ix. p. 30.

this court* XXXVI.

107

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Reterration of authority aforesaid, that nothing in this act contained shall the a>urt-baron. extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to be, or to extend, to extinguish, restrain, alter, annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice the jurisdiction of an ancient court-baron, held by the lord of the manor of the borough of Kidderminster aforesaid, and his predecessors, time immemorial, within the said borough, or any of the rights, privileges, and franchises thereto belonging; but that plea shall and may be held in the said court, of all debts, matters, and things within the said borough, and all persons shall and may sue and be sued in the said court, in like manner as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

No attorney to have privilege.

Matters exempted from jurisdiction of the court.

CITY OF EXETER.

13 Geo. III. c. 27.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City Exeter.

i. Commissioners constituted a court of justice, by

the name and style of " The Court of Requests for the city and county of the city of Exeter."

XI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall or may have, any debt or debts arising or accruing within the said city and county of the said city of Exeter, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and due or owing to him, her, or them, by or from any person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within die city and county of the said city of Exeter, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &>c.

XXIX. Same as 25 Geo. II. c. 34. § xxv. p. 43.

XXX. Enacts, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any real contract, nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will and testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, nor for money won at or by means of any horse-race, or cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture of any penal statute or bylaw; nor to any debt contracted for ale, beer, or cyder, sold by

retail.

109

retail, whereof a less quantity than a gallon was at any one time delivered; nor for spirituous liquors sold by retail, whereof any less quantity than one quart was at any one time delivered; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall amount to forty shillings.

XXVII. Same as 12 Geo. 3. c. 66. § xxx. ante, p. 106.

XXVIII. Same as 23 Geo. 2. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

Consequences of suing in any other court, for debts recoverable in this.

Plaintiff may afterwards sue in this court.

no

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

HUNDRED OF ELLOE, &c.

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Amended and extended to 5L by 47 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. $ i. iii. &c.

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

See also 47 Geo. III.

C. xxxvii. § iv.

15 Geo. III. c. 64.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundred ofElloe, in the County of Lincoln.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of The Court of Requests for the hundred of Elloe, in the county of coln." (1)

IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall or may have any debt or debts, not amounting to the sum oiforty shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the hundred aforesaid, or any part thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to either of the clerks, &c.

XXVII. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question; or in or upon any other real contract, nor to any debt that shall arise upon

or

(1) The hundred of Elloe contains the several parishes, hamlets, and places following, that is to say. PinchbeMoulton,

Whapload, Whapload Drove, Holbeach, Holbeach Drove, Fleet, Gedney,

Gedney Hill, Sutton Saint Mary's, (otherwise Sutton Saint

Nicholas,) Sutton Saint James, Sutton Saint Edmunds, Tydd Saint Mary's, Cowbitt, Peakkill, Crow land, and Great and Little Porsand

(otherwise Postland.)

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

11

or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament, or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts; nor to any debt for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt, whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking or promise, to pay within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

XXVI. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not amounting to the sum oiforty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act, in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at minster, or in the court held for the said county of Lincoln, and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

47 Geo. III. c. xxxvii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of his present Majes, for the more easy and speedy

Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln j and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the said Act to the Parishes of Surflbet and GosBERTON, tn the Hundred o/*Kerton, in the said .

i. Repeals so much and such parts of the said recited act of the fifteenth year of his said Majesty as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of

Requests

No action for debt recoverable in this, to be brought in any other court

Proceedings not removable.

So much of the 15 Geo. Ill, c. 64. as coniines the jurisdiction to debts

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

not amounting to 40j. repealed.

15 Geo. III. c. 64. extended to Surfleet and

Gosberton,

Persons to sue or be sued, and amount of sum recoverable, 6cc.

Requests for the said hundred of Elloe, to debts not amounting to the sum offorty shillings.

II. Enacts, That the said act passed in the fifteenth yew of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled," act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundred of Elloe, in the county of Lincoln," with the explanation and amendment thereof, herein enacted, and all the powers, directions, punishments, penalties, forfeitures, provisoes, matters, and things in the said act contained, shall extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to the said parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton, in the hundred of Kirton, in the county of Lincoln; and to all and every person and persons renting or keeping any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or working or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing in either of the said parishes; and to all other persons in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said parishes were situate in or part of the said hundred of Elloe, or as if the said powers, directions, punishments, penalties, forfeitures, provisoes, matters, and things, were herein re-enacted, with respect and in relation to the said parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton aforesaid.

IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, (whether such person or persons shall, reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) having any debt or debts on the balance of account, or in respect of wages, rents, or arrears of jent, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the value offive pounds, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as high-bailiff, constable, or other officer, to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

113

+in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or occasionally coming into or sojourning within the said hundred of Elloe, and the parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton, in the said hundred of Kirton, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or working or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing therein respectively, to cause such debtor or debtors as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c.; and

no such orders, decrees, judgments, or proceedings shall be Proceedings not

removed or removable into any other court by certiorari or remoTable *

otherwise, except for the purpose of enforcing and carrying

into effect such order, decree, or judgment.

J & Debts doe to

XII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xxiii. ante, p. 79- covered.

III. .Enacts, That the commissioners, or any three or Debts recover-more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized ab, e b? act* and empowered to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding^ve pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, whether

such debt shall arise from any promissory note or inland bill of exchange, or for rent upon leases, articles, minutes, and

in all causes of assumpsit and insimul and in all

causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes

and returns founded on a quantum mer, and in all causes

or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken

, or detained.

IV. Enacts, that this act, or any thing herein contained. Matters ex-shall not extend to any debt where any title of freehold, or th* jurisdiction lease for years of any lands or tenements, shall come in of the court question; nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of gee aI#o 15

an account on demand originally exceeding the sum of Jive Geo. HI. c.64. pounds; nor to any debt that shall arise by reason of the "Vli* P* occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate else-

i where

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT1

W4

where than in the said hundred of Elloe, and the parishes of Surfleet and Gosberton, in the said hundred of Kirton; ot by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts, or for or concerning any agreement, byway of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes; nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any debt which there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within years before the taking out of the summons, although the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons not pre-

coveringTentXIV. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiii.

tty distress, &c. p. 7.

Actions not to

be split for the _ .

purpose of pro- XVI. Same as 47 Geo. 111. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xvi. Ztn^'bU ante, p. 80.

Bnt the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satsified to receive the sum adjudged, in full of all demands.

Consequences of suing in any other court.

XVII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xvii ante, p. 80, 81.

XIII. Enacts, That if any action or suit shall be commenced in any other court than the said Court of Requests, for any debt not exceeding the sum of five, and re-

coverable by virtue of the said recited act, -and of this act, or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit, shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

115

certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and so often, such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or de* fendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any case by law. (2)

XV. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante,

p. 7. pleaded.

XXIII. Enacts, That in all cases where a final decree Record of iudg* or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten shillings rato

shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may the superior be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts at West- ^e^ution^rit* minster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or i»sue the he* judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry c^ntyT^ having been made after the person or persons of the defen* dant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects, as the case may be, of the defendant or defendants; and that the person or persons, goods and chattels of such defendant or defendants is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court,

(which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits,) it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person

(2) An attorney, plaintiff, is Dot compellable to sue in a Court of Re* quests, unless his privilege is taken away by the express words or necessary construction of the statute establishing such court. Where, therefore, an attorney of the court of Common Pleas, sued in that court by attachment of privilege, and recovered less than 6/. the court refused to restrain him from taking out execution for costs, although the debt for which he sued was recoverable' under this act. Johnson, gent, one, &c. v. Bray, 5 Moore, 622.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No attorney,

&c. to practise in this court.

Recited act, except where hereby repealed, extended to this act.

son or persons, or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff, upon every such execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants, until the sum of 20s. be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court, subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution of the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XXV. Enacts, That no attorney, solicitor, scrivener, or any person practising the law shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as an attorney, solicitor, or advocate for or on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or any other person; or to be admitted to speak before the said court, in any cause, action, or matter, in which such attorney, solicitor, or scrivener is not himself, a party or witness.

XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xxxvii. ante, p. 81, 2.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

117

OLD SWINFORD.

17 Geo. III. c. 19.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small, within

the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name hnd style of " The Court of Style of Court. Requests for the parish of Old Swinford, in the counties of Worcester and Stafford."

XII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for Persons to sue all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall or may have, any debt or debts recoverable, arising or accruing within the said parish of Old not amounting to the sum of forty, nor less than

the sum of one shilling, and due or owing to him, her, or them, by or from any person or persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or trading within the parish of Old ',

aforesaid, or any part thereof, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

XXXIII. Enacts, That no attorney at law or solicitor. No attorney to being served with a process of the said Court of Requests, l, a, rc P"v, ese»

° . r r practise tu

or appearing in the said court, shall be allowed to plead or the court, maintain any privilege against the process, authority, jurisdiction, or judgment thereof; nor shall any attorney or solicitor be allowed to plead in the said court, as an advocate for any party in any suit depending in the said court.

XXXIV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con- To what deitn tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any 5h*n "0' debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of

any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in

question.

118

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Consequences of suing in any other court, for debts recoverable in this.

Plaintiff may afterwards sue in this court.

Reservation of jurisdiction of courts-baron.

question, or in or upon any real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court; nor for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming, or play; nor for any forfeiture of any penal-statute or by-law; nor to any debt exceeding one shilling, contracted for ale, beer, cyder, spirituous or other liquors, and drank by any person in a public-house in one day; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

XXXI. Same as 12 Geo. III. c. 66. § xxx., jp. 106.

XXXII. Same as 23 Geo. II. c. 27. § ix. ante, p. 32.

XXXVII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend, to extinguish, restrain, alter, annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice, the jurisdiction of any ancient courts-baron, held by the respective lords of the respective manors of Old Swinford and Amblecoat, or any other manor within the said parish of Old Swinford, and their predecessors, time immemorial, within the said respective manors, or any of the rights, privileges, and franchises thereto belonging; but that pleas shall and may be held in the said courts, of all debts, matters, and things, within the said respective manors; and all persons may sue and be sued in the said courts in like manner as if this act had never been made; any thing to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding?

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

119

SOAKE OF BOLINGBROOKE, &c.

18 Geo. III. c. 34.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Bolingbbooke and Wapentake of Candleshoe, the parts of Lindsay, in the County of Lincoln. (1)

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of The Court of style of Court Requests for the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candleshoe, in the parts of Lindsay, in the county of ."

IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ^#^stjUe all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now hath and amount of or have, or hereafter shall or may have, any debt or debts, recover' not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candleshoe, aforesaid, or any part thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the clerk of the said court,

&c.

XIX. Enacts, That no attorney at law or solicitor, of any court whatsoever, shall be allowed to plead or maintain i ^, *prm

any privilege against the process, authority, jurisdiction, or judgment of the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to or practise in appear in the said Court of Requests as an attorney or advo- court* cate in behalf of any plaintiff or defendant.

XXX. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con- To what debts

tained thi* act >, aMIM>k

rainea, cxtend>

(1) This act is repealed, except as to the parish of in the

soake of Bolingbrooke, by 47 Geo. III. sess. 9c. luviii. § 1.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No action for any debt recoverable by this act, to be brought in any othtfr court.

Exception.

Proceedings not removable.

Reservation of the rights of the court-baron for the soake of Bolingbrooke.

tained, shall not extend to any debt for rent, upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in .or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament, or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; or for any forfeiture upon any penal statute; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings,

XXIX. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons, residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or any other courts whatsoever, except in the court-baron for holding pleas of debt within the said soake of Bolingbrooke, belonging to his Majesty in right of his Dutchy of Lancaster, or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court, shall be final and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

XXXIII. Provided always. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall not extend to alter, change, take away, or annul, any of the rights, privileges, franchises, and jurisdictions, belonging to his most excellent Majesty, in right of his Dutchy of Lancaster, as lord of the honour of Bolingbrooke, or of the right honourable the Earl of Scarborough, as lessee of the said honour of Bolingbrooke,

or

L»

m

or his under lessee, their heirs or assigns, but that the same shall be, remain and continue, in as full and ample power, jurisdiction, and authority, as if this act had never been made, and shall not be, or be deemed to be altered, lessened, or affected thereby, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Commissioners appointed. Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

SOAKE OF HORNCASTLE.

19 Geo. III. c. 43.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within

the Soake of Horncastle and W Wb aggo and Gar-

tree (1 except the Parish of Great Sturton,) and within the

Wapentakes of Louth Eske, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle. Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freiston, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred Skirbeck in the County of Lincoln.

1. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests for the soake of Horncastle and wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth Eske and

worth, and parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Bening-

ton, Butterwick, Freiston, and Fishtoft, in the county of -coin." (1)

IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for all and every person and persons Whomsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall or may have, any debt or debts not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, assignee, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever inhabiting or residing within the soake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth Eske, Ludborough and Calceworth, and parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington,

(1) This act is repealed as to the parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick and Freiston, by 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. l.§ 1 and by 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. Ixxiii. § 1. except as to the Wapentake of Wraggoe,

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

123

ton, Butterwick, Freiston, and Fishtoft aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, (except the parish of Great Stur-ton, in the Wapentake of Gartree aforesaid,) or trading, or dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to any of the clerks of the said court, &c.

No attorney to

XIX. Same as 18 Geo. III. c. 34. § xix. ante, p. 119* have privilege or

XXIX. Same as31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxii.ante, p. 66, 7* To debts

3 r this act shall nc

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority No action for aforesaid. That no action or suit for any debt not amounting bfe b^isCact, to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of to this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought except, &c. against any person or persons residing, or inhabiting, within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or any other courts whatsoever, (except in all such courts-baron, for holding pleas of debt, within the said soake and wapentakes and parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton,

Benington, Butterwick, Freiston and Fishtoft as have heretofore been held for the recovery of debts under shillings,) or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests, and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Re- Jem^bie! "0t quests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXXII. Enacts, That this act shall not extend to alter. Reservation of change, take away, or annul, any of the courts-baron, for *ourts-bw^D*11 holding pleas of debt, or any other manerial rights, privileges, franchises, and jurisdictions, belonging to any person or persons whomsoever, as lord, or lords, lady, or ladies of the several and respective manors within the said soake of Horn-castle, and wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth Eske, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and parishes of Wrangle,

Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freiston and

plead in the court.

extend.

Fishtoft

This act not to extend to the parish of great Sturton.

Fishtoft; but that the same shall be, remain and continue in as full and ample power, jurisdiction, and authority, as if this act had never been made; and shall not be, or be deemed to be, altered, lessened, or affected thereby; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Enacts, That the parish of Great Sturton in the wapentake of Gartree, shall not be deemed to be within or part of the wapentake of Gartree aforesaid, with respect to any provisions or powers contained in this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

125

BOROUGH OF BOSTON.

47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Parish of Boston, and the Hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton, (except the Parishes of Gosberton and Surfleet,) in the County of Lincoln.

i. Repeals so much of an act passed in the nine- Repeal of 19 teenth year of his present Majesty, intituled " An Act for c'43,

the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the soake of Homcastle, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and tree, (except, the parishes of great Sturton,) and vnthin the wapentakes of Louth Eske, Ludborough and Calceworth, and parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington,

Butterwick, Freiston and Fishtoft, in the hundred of Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln," as relate to, or affect the said parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick and Freiston.

II. Appoints commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the borough and parish of Boston, and the hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton, (except the said parishes of Gosberton and Surjleet,) in the county of Lincoln; and the said commissioners and their successors are thereby constituted a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of style of Court. Requests for the borough and parish of Boston, and the hundreds of Skirbeck and Kirton, (except the parishes of Gosberton and Surjleet,) in the county of Lincoln"

XVIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and Parties to sue for any person and persons, (whether such person or per- "jjj sons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or debts recovers-not.) having any debt or debts on the balance of account, or b, e' otherwise, howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds,

126 ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee, to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, or collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk, or other officer, to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society, duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which said commissioners are, by this act, enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said borough or parish of, or within any or either of

the parishes or places within the hundreds of Kirton and Skirbeck, or either of them, (except the parishes of Gosber-ton and Surfleet,) or keeping or using any house, warehouse,

wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to# apply to the clerk, &c.

Attornies not to XXVII. Enacts, That no privilege shall be allowed to vUege°Wed Pn* exempt any person liable to be summoned by virtue of this act, from the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn attorney or solicitor, or other officer, of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or of any other court whatsoever, but that all such attornies, solicitors, and other officers, shall be subject to the several processes, orders, judgments and executions, of the said Court of Requests, in the same manner as any other person or persons is and are subject to the same.

Over what debts XIV. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

have^urisdic-3 sa*d commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to

tion. decide and determine all disputes and differences between

party and party, for any sum not exceeding^ue, in all

actions or causes of debt, whether such debt shall arise on

any

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUE8TS.

127

any promissory note or inland bill of exchange, or for rent upon any leases, articles, minutes, and in all cases of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a Quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions for trespass, or detini^e for goods and chattels taken or detained *

XXX. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. xiv. § xvi. ante, Debts doe to

" persous under

p. 46. age may be

recovered.

XV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall ex- Matters exempt-tend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said ^cto"JfUtbe commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, c011* tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide, on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come -into question, nor on any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide, on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court; or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, and by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter suable therein.

XVII. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Actions not to tend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff sp, lt foJ *

J 1 purpose of pro-

to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any ceeding in this

debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and

owing shall exceed the sum of five pounds, in order that the cidfin 8ach ,

same may be made the ground of two or more causes of iTaiTpWntiff *

actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions wlU be satisfied, . 7? . ., to receive the

within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall sum adjudged in

appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have

so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then

in every such case the said commissioners shall, and they are

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

hereby required to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or their debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he or she may lawfully proceed; but in case any plaintiff, who shall have so split or divided such his or her cause of action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money, as the said court is in and by this act enabled to judge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause or action so split or divided, then and in every such case the said commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree and pronounce, on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, such sum to the plaintiff not exceeding the sum of Jive, as to the said

commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such sum shall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff in such cause or case so split and divided.

Consequences XLI. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt reef suing in any coverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, other court. - .

shall be commenced m any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have, or be entitled to, any costs whatsoever, and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought.to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, such defendant or defendants shall have costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his. No proceedings her, or their costs in any cases by law. And no action or txcepte&cV<U SU^ wh*ch shall be commenced or prosecufed in the said

Court

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

129

Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, hi cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his or her effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment, by, or

any other writ or process whatsoever, but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. Provided Not to prevent always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- f'lom d, s '

J ° # training for rent.

strued to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

XLJIL Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiii. ante? Statute of limi-

y tations may be

pleaded.

XLVII. Enacts, That no order, verdict, assessment, or judgment, or other proceedings, made touching or concerning any of the matters aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removable by certiorari. or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at, any law or

statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court, be it therefore enacted. That in .all cases, where a final decree or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding twenty ,

shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and

k chattels.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form only, or removable by certiorari.

Record of judgment may be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any county, flee.

130

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects (as the case may be) of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels, of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, which affidavit may be made before a judge, or commissioner authorized to take affidavits in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmins, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff upon every such execution shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of twenty shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects according to the notice of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

No attorney, XXVIII. Enacts, That no attorney, solicitor, scrivener, hTtbis courL or any person practising the law, shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an attorney, solicitor, or advocate, for or behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or any other person, or to be admitted to speak before the said eourt in any cause, action, or matter, in which such attorney, solicitor, or scrivener, is not himself a party or witness; and in case any attorney, solicitor, or scrivener, shall appear in the said Court of Requests, as an attorney, solicitor, or advocate, for or on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or speak before the said court in any cause, action or matter, in which such attorney, solicitor, or scrivener, is not himself a party or witness, then and in every such case such attorney, solicitor, or scrivener, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exeedmgjifty pounds.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

431

SOKES OF BOLINGBROOKE AND HORN-CASTLE, &c.

47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. lxxviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the

Sokes of Bolingbrooke and Horncastle, other in

the County of Lincoln.

I. & III. REPEAL an act made in the eighteenth year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled," An act for i8 Geo.3. c.34.

I 1 1 r 77 7 1 . 7 - 7 partly repealed.

the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts the

soke of Bolingbrooke and wapentake of Candleshoe, the

parts of Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln(save and ex-

cept so much thereof as relates to the parish of Hagnaby in the soke of Bolingbrooke, and to the wapentake of Wrag-

goe,) and also repeal another act made in the nineteenth year of his said Majesty, intituled," An act for the more 19 Geo. 3. c. 43. easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the soke of Part1^ rePealed* Homcastle and wapentakes of Wraggoe and (ex- \

cept the parish of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Lowth, Eske, Ludborough, and and

parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butte-wick, Freiston, and Fishtoft, in the hundred of Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln, (save and except so much thereof as relates to the wapentake of Wraggoe.)

II. Confirms the said recited act of the 18 Geo. 3. as re- 18 Geo. 3. con-lates to the parish of Hagnaby, in the soke of Bolingbrooke. firraedasto, &c-

IV. Confirms the said recited act of the 19 Geo. 3. as i9 Geo. 3. con-

relates to the wapentake of Wraggoe. firmed as to, &c.

V. Appoints commissioners for the recovery of small Commissioner* debts not exceeding the sum offive pounds in any one case, aPP°, nted-within the sokes of Bolingbrooke and Homcastle, and wapentake of Candleshoe (except the parishes of Hagnaby,

Welton-in-the-Marsh, Steeping-Magna, and Firsby) in the county of Lincoln, and within the wapentakes of Gartree,

k 2 Louth-

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Louth-Eske, Ludborough, Calseworth, and Walshcroft,

the North and South divisions of the apentake of Yarborough, such parts of the wapentake of Manley as lie East of the river Trent, and the parishes of Faldingworth, thorpe, Snarford, Freisthorpe, and in the said coun-

ty; and constitutes the commissioners a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests for the sokes of Bolingbrooke and Homcastle, wapentake of Candleshoe

(except the parishes of Hagnaby,

Steeping-Magna and Firsby) in the county of Lincoln; and for the wapentakes of Gartree, Louth-Eske, Ludborough, Calseworth, Hill, and Walshcroft, the north and south divisions of the wapentake of Yarborough, such parts of the wapentake of Manley as lie east of the river Trent, and the parishes of Faldingworth, Buslingthorpe, Snarford, Freisthorpe, and Hanworth, in the said county."

XVIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not) having any debt or debts upon any contract or agreement, or upon the balance of account, or for or in respect of wages, rent, or arrears of rent, or otherwise howsoever, (save and except as herein mentioned) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging, to him, her or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as clerk, treasurer, or other officer to any body corporate, or as clerk, treasurer, or other officer to any, commissioners or trustees, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that, case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within any or either of the said

several

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

133

several sokes, wapentakes, parishes and places herein mentioned, (except the parishes of -

Marsh, Steeping-Magna, and Firsby, and the wapentake of

Wraggoe, aforesaid,) or keeping or using any house, coachhouse, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting any market or markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way working, trading, or dealing within the same, to apply to any clerk or deputy clerk of the said court, &c.

XXXIV. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § x. ante,

p.6.

XXII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes of returns founded on a quantum meruit, or on a quantum valebat, and in all causes or actions of trespass or

detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XXIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xxiii. ante, p. 79 *

XXV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the commissioners of the said court to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where die title to the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever shall be brought cr come into question, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the limit and jurisdiction of the said court, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or

roatri-

No privilege to be allowed to attornies, &c.

Over what debts commissioners have jurisdiction.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter properly suable therein, nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horserace, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play.

Actions not to be XXVI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xvi. &

pole of proceed- xvii. ante, p. 80, 81.

ing in thiscourt; but the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to

receive the sum adjudged, in full of all demands.

Consequence of suing iu other courts, for debts recoverable in this.

XL. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt or damages recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, (other than and except in the Courts-Baron for holding pleas of debt within the honour and soke of Bolingbrooke aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty in right of his dutchy of Lancaster, and other than and except in all such other Courts-Baron for holding pleas of debt within the soke of Horncastle, wapentakes of Candle Gartree, Ludborough, Calseworth, Hill, Walshcroft, Yarborough, and Manley and parishes of Faldingworth, Buslingthope, Snar-ford, Freisthope, and Hanworth, aforesaid, as have heretofore been held for the recovery of debts,) then and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or suit, shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt or damages ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any case by law. Provided always, That nothing herein contained

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

135

tuned shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to pre- Not to prevent vent or restrain any person or persons from making distress, SSZSlogfcf or bringing any action or actions whatsoever, for rent, or rent, arrears thereof, and thereby recovering such rent with costs, although the same rent shall not exceed the sum of Jive pound$.(1)

XLI. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv., p. 7. St*tule of

J r tattoos may be

pleaded.

XXXI. Enacts, That in all cases where a final decree Record of judg-or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten shillings, j^tileTupe? shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may rior courts, and be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts at - tJo^bsurto foe

minster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree, or °^aay judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry count^> u having been made after the person or persons of the defend* ant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued. against the person or persons, or effects, as the case may be, of the defendant or defendants; and that the person or persons, goods and chattels of such defendant or defendants is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court of requests, (which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits,) it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff, upon every such execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants, until the sum of 20s. be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature

(1) After final judgment, the defendant is too late to apply to the court of King's Bench, &c. under the above clause, to deprive the plaintiff of costs. Calvert v. Everard, 5 Maule & Sel. 510.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removable.

No attorney , &c. to practise in the court.

This act not to extend to Hag-naby, &c.

Reservation of the rights of his Majesty, &c.

of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court, subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution of the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

L. Enacts, That no order, verdict, assessment, or judgment, or other proceedings made touching or concerning any of the matters aforesaid, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removable by certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, any law or statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Enacts, That no attorney, solicitor, scrivener, or any other person practising the law, shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an attorney, Solicitor, or advocate, for or on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or any other person, or to be admitted to speak before the said court in any cause, action, or matter, in which such attorney, ' solicitor, scrivener, or other person practising the law, is not himself a party or witness; and in case any attorney, solicitor; or scrivener shall appear in the said Court of Requests as an attorney, solicitor, or advocate for or on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or speak before the said court in any cause, action, or matter in which such attorney, solicitor, scrivener, or other person practising the law, is not himself a party or witness, then and in every such case such attorney, solicitor, scrivener, or other person so practising the law, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding^fifty pounds.

LIII. Enacts, That this act shall not extend to or affect the several parishes of Hagn Welton-in-the-Marsh, Steeping-Magna, and Firsby.

LIV. Reserves the rights, &c. of his Majesty in right of his dutchy of Lancaster, as lord of the honour and soke of Bolingbrooke aforesaid, and of the right honourable the Earl of Scarborough, as lessee of the said honour and soke of

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

137

Bolingbrooke, or his under-lessee, their heirs, &c. or of any other person or persons whomsoever, as lord or lords, lady or ladies, of all or any of the several and respective other honours, sokes, and manors, within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or of the several and respective courts held within such jurisdiction.

138

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

ISLE OF ELY.

18 Geo. III. c. 36.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a Style of Court, court of justice, by the name iyid style of " The Court of Requests for the Isle of in the county of Cambridge" Persons to sue IX. Enacts, That from and after the passing of this act, amount of sum it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person recoverable. anc| persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said Isle of, or trading or dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, or at any time or times frequenting or resorting to any of the towns within the said isle, to apply to the clerks of the said court, &c.

No attorney to

plead bb pnvi- XVII. Same as 18 Geo. III. c.34. §xix. ante, p. 119.

lege or practise ° r

in this court.

To what debts XXV. Enacts, That this act, or anything herein con-extend.d0eSn0t Gained, shall not extend to any debt due on specialty, or

By the second section, the Isle of Ely is divided into four separate divisions; the first contains the hundred of Ely, and the south part of the hundred of Wttchford in the said Isle; the second contains the hundred of Wisbech in the said Isle; the third contains the liberties of Whittlesey and Thomey in the north part of the said hundred of Witch-ford; and the fourth contains the remainder of the said north part of the hundred of Witchford.

action

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

139

action of covenant; or to any debt for rent, upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in and upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will and testament or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any debt for any money or thing won at, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bye-law, nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall be under the value oiforty shillings.

XXIV. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not No action for amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and recoverable by t^th^tobe virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought in any brought against any person or persons, residing or inhabiting other cottrt* within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Requests; and that no action Proceedings not or suit commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pur- removable, suance of this act, nor any proceeding therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court shall be final and conclusive. (1)

(1) Where a public statute for erecting a court of inferior jurisdiction enacts, that " no action for any debt not amounting to 40*. and recoverable by that act, shall be brought against any person residing within the jurisdiction," &c. such statute is a defence upon the general issue to a party bringing himself within it, who is sued in the superior courts. — Parker v. Elding, 1 East, $52.

TOWN

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

TOWN OF BEVERLEY, &c.

Style of Court.

Parties to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

Amended and extended to 51. by 46 Geo. 11L c. cxxxv. $ 1. viii. &c. post, 142.

Attornies, &c. liable to the process.

To what debts act does not extend.

See also 46 Geo. III. c. cxxxv.

§ xiv.

21 Geo. III. c. 38.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts \within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town.

I. APPOINTS commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the town and liberties of Beveand the several parishes

of the same town."

VI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts under the value of forty shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto him, her or

them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, to any other person or persons, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said town and liberties of Beverley, or the several parishes of the same town, or using or frequenting the markets thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a livelihood therein, or sailing or navigating to and from the said town and liberties of Beverley, or any wharfs or landing-places within the parishes of the same, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XIII. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § ix. ante, p. 66.

XXV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question, nor to any debt, matter, or thing that shall or may arise upon or in any wise relate to or concern any cause of testament or matrimony,

or

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

141

or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play, nor to any debt, contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise made to or with any person keeping an ale-house, tippling-house, or dram-shop, to pay for ale, beer or spirituous liquors, or any security given touching or on account thereof, nor to any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bye-law, nor to any debt whereof there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within six years before the taking out the summons, although the same shall be under the value of forty shillings.

XXIV. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt Debts recover-not amounting to the value of forty sh and recoverable court* not To be

by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be 8ued for else-

. ., where, and pro-

brought against any person or persons in any other court ceedings not whatsoever, and concerning which any order, decree, or judgment shall have been before made or given in the said Court of Requests, such order, decree, or judgment being pleaded or given in evidence on the general issue of such action or suit, shall, as to the matters contained therein, be an effectual bar to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit, and the registers or books of entry of the said court, or true copies attested under the hand of the clerk of the said Court of Requests for the time being, and proved by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall be deemed legal evidence of the acts and proceedings of the said Court of Requests, and no suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, but the same shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXVIII. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. § xxvi. ante, p.68. No attorney allowed to plead.

removable.

See also 46 Geo. III.

C. CXXXV. § XV.

prn, p. 144.

46 G eo.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

So much of recited act as restrains the jurisdiction of the court to debts under 40s. repealed.

Style of Court *

Parties to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

46 Geo. III. c. cxxxv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of his present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York.

i. Repeals so much and such parts of the act of the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the Court of Requests, for the said town and liberties of, and

the several parishes of the said town, to debts under the value offorty shillings.

II. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for thr. town and liberties of Beverley and the several parishes of the said town"

VIII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not), having any debt or debts in the balance of account, or in respect of wages, rent or arrears of rent, or otherwise, howsoever not exceeding the value of five pounds, due, or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, or administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and -constituted by statutes in such case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act by or from any other person or persons whomsoever inhabiting, residing, or being

within

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

143

within the said town and liberties of, or the several

parishes of the said town, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c .; and no orders, decrees, judgments, or proceedings, shall be removed or removable into any other court by certiorarior otherwise howsoever.

XIII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xxiii. ante, p. 79 *

XIV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt where any title of freeholder lease for years, of any lands or tenements shall come in question, or to any debt by specialty, which shall not be for the payment of a sum certain, nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds, nor to any other debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said town and liberties, and the several parishes of the said town, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes, nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horserace, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play, nor to any debt for which there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within six years before the taking out of the summons, although the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIL Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. §xvi. ante, p. 80.

XVIII.

Proceedings not removable.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

Matters exempted from jurisdiction of this court.

See also 11 Geo. III-c. 38. § xxv. ante, p. 140.

Actions not to be split for the purpose of proceeding in this court.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

But the court XVIII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. § xvn.

may decide in, _ OA 0,

such action so ante, P* 80, 81.

split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

Persons not pre- XVI. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c, civ. % xiii. ante,

vented from re- p# covering rent by distress, &c.

Consequences of suing in any other court.

See also 21 Geo. III. c. 33.

xxiv. ante, p. 141.

XV. Enacts, That if any action or suit shall be commenced in any other court than the said Court of Requests for any debt not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited act, and of this act, or of either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for any defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges

before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit

to certify, that such debt ought to be recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and so often such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such reme-

, dy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any case by law. Record ofjudg- XXIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xxiii. ante,

raent may be , 1(-

removed into P* 1

the superior courts, and writs of execution issued to the sheriff of any county.

Recited act, XXX. Provided always, That the said recited act, and hereby repeal- powers, provisoes, clauses, matters, and things therein tr ext^nded 10 respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this act, continue and be in full force, and extend to all and every person and persons to whom this act doth or shall extend.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

145

THE CITY OF ROCHESTER, &c.

22 Geo. III. c. 27.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frinsbury,

Cobh am, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Hal-stow. Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Halling, Cux-8tone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville of Sheerness in the County of Kent.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests in the city of Rochester"

XII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful for all persons whomsoever, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, and being upwards of two shillings, owing to them in their own right, or as executors, administrators, guardians or trustees, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing within the limits of this act, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXIX. Same as 5 Geo. III. c. 8. § xxviii. ante, p. 87. omitting at the end of the clause " under the penalty of five pounds"

XIII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will and testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to any Ecclesiastical court; nor to any money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any forfeiture

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable. Amended and extended by 48 Geo. III. c. li.

v. pott, p. 147.

Attornies to have no privilege or plead in this court.

To what debts this act shall not extend.

See also 48 Geo. III. c. li. $ xiii.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No debt under 40s. and above 2s. recoverable in this court, to be sued for in any other.

See also 48 Geo. III. c. li. § xiv. post, p. 148, 9.

Proceedings not removable.

Saving the rights of the Court Portmote of Rochester.

ture upon any penal statute or bye-law; nor to any debt for the payment whereof there shall not have been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

XXXII. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not amounting to forty shillings, and being upwards of two shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or elsewhere, or in any courts whatsoever other than the said Court of Requests, and the court Portmote hereinafter mentioned; And that no suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings which shall be had therein, shall or may be removed or removable by certiorari or otherwise, into any other court whatsoever; but that the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said Court of Requests shall be final and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

XXXIII. And whereas the mayor and citizens of the said city of Rochester are, by virtue of a charter granted to them in the fifth year of the reign of King Charles the First, authorized and impowered within his Majesty's court Portmote of the said city, to hold pleas real, personal, and mixt in the said city and liberty and precinct thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that nothing in this act contained shall exteud to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers, or jurisdictions of the said court Portmote; but that the same and all other rights and privileges of the said mayor and citizens, shall remain and continue, in as full and ample manner to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OV REQUESTS *

147

48 Geo. III. c. li *

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of his present Majesty far the more easy and speedy Recovery Small Debts within the City of Rochester, the Parish of Strood; several other Parishes and Places in the County of Kent.

i. Repeals so much of an act made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, which re- m Geo.le. 2t. strains the jurisdiction of the Court of Requests thereby repealed, constituted, to debts not exceeding ike sum of forty .

V. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for any person or per- Persons u sue sons, whether residing within the said city or parishes, or j^ount'of any of them, or elsewhere, and all bodies politic or corpo- sum recover* rate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any such debt or debts as is or are described in the said recited act, or any of them, or any other debt or debts (save and except such as are herein excepted) owing or due to or claimed or demanded by such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods* whether corporate or not corporate, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, to whom he, she, or they shall be executor, administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee, and for which debt or debts he, she, or they shall demand any sum of money not exceeding the mm of five pounds, from any person or persons whomsoever, residing or inhabiting within the said city or parishes, or either of them, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing within the said city or parishes, or either of them, to cause such debtor or debtors, person or persons, from whom such debt or debts shall be due or owing, or claimed, or demanded; and so resident, inhabitant, or keeping any house, warehouse, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned, &c. Provided

l 3 always

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

i

always that no such order, decree, judgment, or proceeding Proceedings not shall be removed or removable by certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

XII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xxxix. xxiii. ante, p. 79-

Matters exempt- XIII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall tiimofthecourt extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said

»ee also 22 Geo. commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands,

III. c. 27. §xm. .

ante, p. 145. tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or

to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years or lives, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor any debt which shall not be for the payment of a sum certain, nor any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said city or parishes, or one of them; or by reason of any cause concerning testament, or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter suable therein, any thing in the said recited act or this act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Statute of limi- XV. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, tations may be _ y

pleaded. P* ' *

Not to prevent XIV. Enacts, That if any action or writ shall be com-ConTequences1* menced in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West-

of suing in any minster, for any debt not exceeding the sum of five ,

other court for ' . / _ . ?. ., -, .

debts recovera- and recoverable by virtue of the said recited act, and of this

ble m this. act, or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then,

and

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

149

and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such See also 22 Geo. action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her,

or them, or otherwise, be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by Not to prevent law; Provided always that nothing herein contained, shall distress for rent, extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any person or persons from making distress for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same rent shall not exceed the sum of five pounds. (1)

XXI. Rnacts, That the provisions, &c. of the said former Provisions of act, where not hereby repealed, or otherwise provided for, to 2ppSyF to°thi^ remain in full force.

(1) By 22 Geo. III. c. 27. ante, p. 145, debts under 40s. contracted within the jurisdiction of the court are to be sued for therein; and plaintiffs suing in the superior courts for sums recoverable under the said act or this act (which extends the jurisdiction of the court to sums not exceeding five pounds) are to be refused costs, notwithstanding a verdict in their favour. But this act excludes any jurisdiction over debts being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds.

In Harsant v.Larkin, 3 Brod. and Bing. 257. 7 Moore, 68. S. C. the plaintiff sued in a superior court for 34/. 5s. id. ascertained by a surveyor appointed by the defendant himself to be due to him for measured work and labour done within the jurisdiction of the Court of Requests.

The defendant proved payments to the amount of 24 18s. and the jury, estimating the work at only 26/., found for the plaintiff only 1/. 2t. damages, held that this was not a case in which the defendant wal entitled under this act, to enter a suggestion to deprive plaintiff of his costs.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

THE PARISHES OF BROSELEY, &c.

22 Geo. III. c. 37.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an Extra-parochial Place called Posnall, in the County of Salop.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a Style of Court, court of justice, by the name and style of The Court of Requests for the parishes of Benthall, Madeley,

Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extra-parochial place called Posnall, in the county of Salop"

Persons to sue IX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for amount^sira^ a^ an(* every person and persons whomsoever, who now recoverable.' hath, or have, or that hereafter shall or may have, any debt or debts, not amounting to forty shillings, and exceeding two shillings, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting or residing within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

No ^torney ter

or plead in this XIX. Same as 18 Geo. III. c. 34. § xix, ante, p. 11$.

court.

th? t XXXV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con-

extend. tained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease

or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or

by

L»

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

151

by reason of any cause concerning any will or testament, or concerning matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court; nor to any debt for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bye-law; nor to any debt contracted on a Sunday (except in physic or surgery, or cases of absolute necessity); nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

XXXIV. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings and exceeding two shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said

Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty's courts at and no suit

that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any other court whatsoever; but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and in case any such action or suit shall be brought in any other court, (except in the Court of Record held and kept for the town and liberties of Wenlock, or of any courts-baron, or manorial courts, within the several parishes of Bent hall, Madeley, Barr mo, LiLittle

and Darnley aforesaid) and it shall appear to the judge or judges of sudi court, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs doth not amount to the sum of forty shillings, and doth exceed two shillings, that then such judge or judges shall award so much ordinary costs, to be paid by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, to the defendant or defendants, as such defendant or defendants shall prove in court to have been really and bona fide expended in defence of such action or suit.

XXXIX.

No action for debt recoverable by this act, to be brought in any other court.

Proceedings not removable.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Not to affect the Court of Record at Wenlock, &c.

XXXIX. Enacts, That this act shall not extend to alter, change, take away, annul or prejudice, an ancient court of record held at Much, or any manorial

rights, privileges, franchises, or jurisdictions, to the same belonging, or to the lord or lords of the manor within the several parishes of Broseley, , Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and Dawley aforesaid, for the time being; but that the same shall be, remain, and continue, in as full and ample power, jurisdiction, and authority, as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

153

THE TOWN OF SHREWSBURY.

23, Geo. III. c. 73.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, the County o/Sajlop.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the fcame and style of " The Court of Style of Court. Requests, for the town and liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop*9

VII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for Parties to sue all and every person and persons whomsoever, who now j^'unt'of have, or that hereafter shall or may have, any debt or debts, »um rec°ver'd not amounting to forty shillings and exceeding two shillings, of proceeding, due or owing to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting or residing within the town and liberties of Shrewsbury aforesaid, or either of them, or trading and dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

Attornies not to . have privilege or

XVIII. Same as 18 Geo. III. C. 34. § XIX. ante, p. 119* admitted to appear in the court.

XXXIV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing therein To what debts contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any extend! lease, or contract, or agreement, where the title of any lands, tenements or hereditaments can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any will or testament, or concerning matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical courts; nor to any debt for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match,

wager.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bye-law; nor to any debt, whereof one third part or upwards shall have been contracted on a Sunday or Sundays, except in physic or surgery, or case of absolute necessity; nor to any debt concerning which there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within si years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

Execution not XIV. Enacts, That no execution awarded against the landlords.*06 goods of any party or parties shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any landlord or landlords of the power vested in such landlord or landlords, by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled," An Act for the more better security of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by of recovering one

year's rent, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act.

No action for XXXIII. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt bf^b^tbiTact, no* amounting to the sum of forty shillings and exceeding

to be brought in two shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the any other court. gaj^ Court of Requests, shall be brought against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster; and no suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, or any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any other court whatsoever; but the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said court, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and in case any such action or suit shall be brought in any other court, (except in the Court of Record for pleas for the town and liberties of Shrewsbury, or in any court-baron or manorial court within the town and liberties aforesaid) and it shall appear to the judge or judges of such court, that the debt to be recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, doth not amount to the sum of forty skillings, and doth exceed two skillings, that then such judge or judges shall

award

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

155

award so much ordinary costs to be paid by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, to the defendant or defendants, as such defendant or defendants shall prove in court to have really and bona fide expended, in the defence of such action or suit.

XXXVIII. Enacts, That this act shall not extend to Reservation of alter, change, take away, annul, or prejudice the Court of TOrdfor'pleMat Record for pleas within the town and liberties of - Shrewsbury.

bury aforesaid, or any manorial rights, privileges, franchises, or jurisdictions to the same belonging, or to the lord or lords of any manor or manors within the said town and liberties for the time being; but that the same shall be, remain, and continue, in as full and ample power, jurisdiction, and authority as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

156

THE TOWN OF DOVER, &c.

24 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. 8.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small, within the Town and Port Dover, and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Ringwould, Saint Margarets at Cliff, Whitfield otherwise Beatjsfield, Guston, Hougham otherwise Huffham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dover Castle, in the County of Kent.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a Style of Court, court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests in the town and port of Persons to sue X. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for all persons whom-

and amount of soever> w^° now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or sum recover* debts, not amounting to forty shillings and being upwards of ab, e* two shillings, owing to them in their own right, or as exe-

cutors, administrators, guardians, or trustees, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing within the limits of this act, to apply to the clerk or deputy clerk of the said court, &c.

XXVI. Same as 22 Geo. III. c. 27. § xxix. p. 145.

XI. Same as 31 Geo. II. c. 24. § xxii. ante, p. 66.

XXIX. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt not 40$! to be wed amounting to forty shillings and being upwards of two -for in any other lings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court this^&c?06^1 of Requests, shall be brought against any person residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty's

No attorney to be entitled to privilege, or plead in this court.

To what debts this act does not extend.

No debt above

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 157

jesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere, or in any court whatsoever, other than the said Court of Requests and the court of record hereinafter mentioned; and that no suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings Proceedings not which shall be had therein, shall or may be removed or re- removable-movable by certiorari or otherwise, into any other court whatsoever; but that the judgments, decrees, and proceedings of the said Court of Requests shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXX. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall Saving the rights extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the rights, pri- atDo-

vileges, franchises, liberties, powers, or jurisdictions of the ver-said court of record, but that the same and all other the rights and privileges of the mayor and jurats of the said town and port, shall remain and continue in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

158

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

No attorney to be entitled to - privilege or to plead in this court.

To what debts this act shall not extend.

"TOWN AND PORT OF FAVERSHAM, &e,

25 Geo. III. c«. vii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Fort of Faversham, and the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Os fringe, Seas alter, and WhitsTable, in the County of Kent.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and Style of " The Court of Requests in the town and port of ."

X. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for all persons whomsoever, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not amounting to the sum, and being

upwards of two shillings, owing to them, in their own right, or as executors, administrators, guardians, or trustees, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading, or dealing within the limits of this act, to apply to the clerk* &c.

XXVL Same as 22 Geo. Ill* c. 27. § xfcix* p. 145.

XI. Provided always that nothing in this act contained, shall extend to any debt for rent, upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can Or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will and testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to any Ecclesiastical court; nor to any money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any forfeiture

upon

J59

upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt, for the payment whereof there shall not have been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise, within six years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty .

No debt above

XXIX. Same as 24 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. 8. § xxix. ante, 4o»Tt» issued

p. 156. for in any other

r court except, &c.

and proceedings not rembvable.

XXX. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained, shall Saving the extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the rights, pri- poltmote. vileges, franchises, liberties, powers, or jurisdictions of the

said court of Portmote, but that the same, and all other the rights and privileges of the mayor of the said town and port, shall remain and continue in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

No attorney to be entitled to privilege or to plead in the court.

To what debts this act shall not extend.

BOROUGH OF DEAL, &c.

26 Geo. III. c. xviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Bets hanger, Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests in the town and borough of Deal?

X. Enacts, that it shall be lawful for all persons whomsoever, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not amounting to forty shillings and being upwards of two shillings, owing to them in their own right, or as executors, administrators, guardians, or trustees, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the limits of this act, to apply to the clerk or deputy clerk of the said court, &c.

XXVI. Same as 22 Geo. III. c. 27. § xxix. ante, p. 145.

XI. Provided always, that nothing in this act contained, shall extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will and testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing belonging to any ecclesiastical court; nor to any money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or

any

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

161

any kind of gaming or play; nor to any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt, for the payment whereof there shall not have been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise, within years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

XXIX. Same as 24 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. 8. § xxix. ante, p. 156.

court, except, &c. and proceeding

XXX. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers, or jurisdictions, of the Court of Record of Deal; but that the same, and all other the rights and privileges of the mayor and jurats of the said town and borough, shall remain and continue, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

M

No debt above it. and under 40s. to be sued for in any other p not removable.

Saving the rights of the Court of Record of Deal.

162

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persons to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

No attorney to be entitled to privilege, or to plead in the court *

To what debts this act shall not extend.

TOWN AND FORT OF FOLKESTONE, 8ur.

26 Geo. ILL c. 118.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small, within

the Town and Port of Folkestone, and the Parishes of Folks-stone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Post-ling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddle8worth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge in the County of Kent.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests in the town and port of ."

XIV. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for all persons

whomsoever, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts not amounting to the sum of forty, and

being upwards of two shillings, owing to them in their own right, or as executors, administrators, guardians, or trustees, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the limits of this act, to apply to the clerk or deputy clerk to the said court, &c.

XXX. Same as 22 Geo. III. c. 27. §xxix., p. 145.

XV. Provided always, that nothing in this act contained, shall extend to any debt for rent, upon any lease or contract where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract; nor to any debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will and testament, or matrimonial contract, or the breach thereof, or any thing properly belonging to any ecclesiastical court; nor to any money won

at

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

16S

at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law; nor to any debt, for the payment whereof there shall not have been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise, within years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although* such debt shall not amount to forty shillings.

XXXIII. Same as 24 Geo. III. sess. 1. c. 8; § xxix. Nodebtrecover-

. . able by this act,

Omt, p. lOO. to be sued for in

any other court, except, dec. and proceedings not removable.

XXXIV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained. Saving the rights shall extend to affect, lessen, or to take away, any of the

rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers, or jurisdic- actions of the Court of Record of Folkestone; but that the same, and all others the rights and privileges of the mayor and jurats of the said town and port, shall remain, and continue in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

M

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Parties to sue and be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

No attorney to have privilege.

To what debts this act does not extend.

HUNDREDS OF CIRENCESTER, &c.

32 Geo. Ill* c. 77.

An Act for the more ea&y and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne, Minty,

Brightwells Barrow, Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley, and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests for the manor and seven hundreds of Cirencester > in the county of Gloucester

XII. Enacts, That it shall be lawful, for all and every person and persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or who shall or may hereafter have, any debt or debts, not amounting to the sum offorty, due or owing to him,

her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as. executor, administrator, guardian, or trustee, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said manor and hundreds, or trading, dealing, or seeking a livelihood therein, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXIII. Same as 25 Geo. II. c. 34. § xxv. ante, p. 43.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any debt for rent upon any lease or contract where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real contract, nor to any debt which shall arise upon or by reason of any cause concerning any last will or testament or matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the ecclesiastical

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

165

siastical courts, nor to any debt for money won at, or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or bye-law; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract or acknowledgment, undertaking or promise to pay within six years before the taking out of the summons

for the same, although such debt should not amount to the sum offorty shillings.

XXIX. Same as 5 Geo. III. c. 9- § xxvi. ante, p. 96. ^y^bmco-

verable by this act, to be brought in any other court, and proceedings not removable.

166

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARI+LAMJSNT

PARISHES OF HALIFAX, &c. in YORK.

33 Geo. III. c. 84.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty s Reign as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts 'within the Halifax, Brad-

ford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almond-bury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

Former act repealed.

Style of Court.

Persons to sue or to be sued, and amount of the sum recoverable, See.

xlii. Repeals so much of a former act of 20 Geo. III. as relates to the recovery of small debts, within the said parishes and lordship or liberty.

I. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests, for the parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almo Kirkheaton, Kirkburton and Huddersfield, and the lordship or liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the county of York."

VII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons whomsoever who now hath, or have, or hereafter shall have, any debt or debts, not amounting to the sum of forty shillings, owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as executor, administrator, guardian or trustee, by or from any person or persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any shop, shed, stall, stand, or seeking a livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said parishes or lordship or liberty, or any of them respectively; to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

XXX.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

XXX. Same as 5 Geo. III. c. 8. § xxviii. ante, p. 87.

167

No attorney to have privilege or practise in the court.

XXXIV. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein con- To w||at del)tg tained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any writ- this act does not ten lease of lands or tenements, or any other real contract; exte, d* nor to any debt contracted, or which shall be contracted by any infant or apprentice, nor to any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court; nor to any debt for money won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any sum or forfeiture upon any penal statute; nor to any debt, contract, or acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise, made to or with any person keeping an ale-house, tippling-house, or dram-shop, to pay for ale, beer, or spirituous liquors, or any security given, touching, or on account thereof; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within years before the taking out of the summons for the same, although the same shall not amount to forty shillings, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Enacts, That no action or suit for any debt Actions not re. brought or commenced in the said Court of Requests, nor ^said court* any order, judgment, decree, or other proceeding of the commissioners in the said court, shall be removable out of the same by certiorari, or any other writ or proceeding whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or into any court whatsoever, against any person or persons residing or inhabiting within the limits of the said several and respective parishes and lordship or liberty; and that if any such action or suit shall be so removed and prosecuted, the defendant or defendants therein shall and may plead the general issue; and in case the debt sued for, or to be recovered, in such action or suit doth not amount to the sum of forty shillings, and the defendants shall prove by sufficient testimony, that such action or suit was removed out of, or

first

L.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

first brought in the said Court of Requests; then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such action or suit shall not recover, but judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants; and the judge or judges before whom the said cause shall be tried, shall award that the said plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall pay to the defendant or defendants trebly costs.

Reservation of XLIII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained, shall baron of courls" extend to take away or annul any of the rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers, or jurisdictions of the courts-baron of the honour of Pontefract, manor of ,

' manor of Bingley, and manor of in rthe said county of York, or of any other court-baron whatsoever; but that the same shall be, remain, and continue in as full and ample power, jurisdiction, and authority for the recovery of any debt or damages, as if this act had never been made.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

169

CITY OF BATH.

/ 45 Geo. III. c. lxvii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, in the

' City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

i. Repeals an act passed in the sixth year/of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled," An act for the more easy and speedy, recovery of small debts within the city of and the liberties and precincts thereof"

II. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the style of Court. city of Bath, and the liberties thereof, and the parish of Walcot, and the several parishes and places in the hundreds of Bathforum and Wellow, and the liberties of Hampton, and Claverton and Easton and Amrill, in the county of Somerset"

XXII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and Parties to sue or for any person or persons, (whether such person or persons J^unt'ofsum shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) recoverable, haying any debt or debts on the balance of account or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the value of ten pounds, due or owing or. belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her or their own right; or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor or. administrators, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due or owing to , him as chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to, any body corporate, as collecter of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer, to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statute in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from

any

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No privilege to be allowed to attornies, &c.

Over what debts the commissioners have jurisdiction.

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said city or the liberty or precincts thereof, or within either of the several parishes, places, hundreds, or liberties, as aforesaid, or keeping or using any house warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxvii. ante, p. 126.

XVI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party for any sum not exceeding ten pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, whether such debt shall arise from any bond, bill, or specialty for payment of money only, or any promissory note, or inland bill of exchange, or for rent upon leases, articles, minutes; and in all cases of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XVII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; or to judge, determine, or decide cm any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court. (1)

XXXV.

(1) Assumpsit for use and occupation, is a cause of action within the jurisdiction of the Bath Court of Requests, and a defendant occupying

a ware-

L.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

171

XXXV. And whereas difficulties frequently arise in the Debts due by recovering of debts in certain cases by reason of infancy, be under age? may it therefore enacted, that in every case where a debt ear- *recoverwl* ceeding the sum of ten pounds shall be contracted for neces-

saries by any person under the age of twenty-one years, not residing, inhabiting, or being within the jurisdiction of the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons to whom such debts shall be due and owing, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if the person by whom the same shall be contracted were of full age; and in every case where any wages or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum <f ten pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial ser-

vant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever, under the age of twenty-one years; it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants were all of age.

XLVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein con- Persons may tained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to pre- d, #tntmforre"L vent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds.

XVIII. & XIX. Enact, That nothing herein contained Actions not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any

plaintiff ceeding in this

a warehouse in that city, though he does not personally reside, is entitled to be sued therein for a debt under £10 arising out of the limits thereof. Axon v. Dal I i mo re and another, 3 Dowl.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

court; but the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

Consequences of suing in any other court, for debts recoverable in this.

plaintiff to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the sum of pounds, in order that the same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such Causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required* to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he or she may lawfully proceed; but in case any plaintiff, who shall have so split or divided such his or her cause or action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money, as the said court is in and by this act enabled to adjudge, decree and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause or action, so split or divided; then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce, (on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners) such sum to the plaintiff, not exceeding the sum o as to the

said/commissioners shall seem just and reasonable, and such sum shall in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners be declared to be, and shall be in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff in such cause or case so split and divided,

XLVII. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatson

ever;

RELATIVE TO COURTS OE REQUESTS.

73

ever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, such defendant or defendants shall have costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by la\V. (2) And Proceedings not no action or suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted reiwovjblc' in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment, by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii. No attorney, &c.

to practise in this

ante, p. 130. court.

L. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. §xiv. ante, p. 7.

XXVII. Enacts, That as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court, be it therefore enacted, that, in'all cases where a final decree or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten shillings, shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

Record of judgment may be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any county, &c«

(2) In Baildon v. Pitter, 3 Barn. & Aid. 210, it was held that the Court of Requests constituted by this act, has jurisdiction over causes of action arising without the jurisdiction, provided the defendant lives within it.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

ful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at -minster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects, as the case may be, of the defendant or defendants > and that the person or persons, goods and chattels of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, (which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits,) and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff, upon every such execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of ten shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

Proceedings not LIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. I. § xlvii. forwwitofC<* P- '29-

form, or removable.

L.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF RBQUSETS.

175

TOWN AND BOROUGH OF GRIMSBY, &c.

46 Geo. III. c. xxxvii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, the

Town and Borough of Grimsby, and the thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests Style of Court. for the borough of Grimsby, and the liberties thereof, and the several parishes and places in the hundred or wapentake of Bradley, Haverstoe, and the East decision of the hundred or wapentake of Yarborough, in the county of Lincoln"

XV. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for Parties to sue or any person or persons, (whether such person or persons shall ^Junt ofsum reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) hav- recoverable, ing any debt or debts on the balance of account, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee, to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as mayor, chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk, or other officer, to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society, duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which said commissioners are, by this act, enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the

said

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Attornies not to be allowed privilege.

Over what debts the commissioners have jurisdiction.

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

Actions not to be split for the purpose of proceeding in this court; but the court may de-

said borough or the liberty or precincts thereof, or within any of the several parishes or places in the hundred or wapentake and division as aforesaid, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XXV. Same as 45 Geo. III. c. 67. § xxxii., p.170.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said commissioners to decide and determine all disputes and differences, between party and party, for any sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions, or causes of debt, whether such debt shall arise from any bond, bill, or specialty for payment-of money only, or any promissory note or inland'bill of exchange, or for rent upon leases, articles, or minutes, and in all causes of assumpsit and insi-mul computassety and in all causes, or. actions :of. trover and. conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and all causes or actions of trespass er detinue, -

for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XI. Provided always, that nothing in this.act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as. to enable the said commissioners to determine the rights or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or . real estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any -..debt, where the title of the freehold or. lease*for, 'years of any; lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels: real-.whatsoever, shall be brought or come, into question, or to judge, determine, or decide, on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court.

XIII. & XIV. Enact, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and.

owing

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

177

owing shall exceed the sum offive in order that the

same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then in every such case the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he or she may lawfully proceed; But in case any plaintiff, who shall have so split or divided such his or her cause or action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money as the said court is in and by this act enabled to judge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause or action so split or divided, then and in every such case the said commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree and pronounce (on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners) such sum to the plaintiff, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such sum shall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff, in such cause or case so split and divided.

XXXIX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent, or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum ofifive pounds.

XXXVIII. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt, recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then,

n and

ride in such action so split* if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the snm adjudged in fall of all demands.

Persons may distrain for rent.

Consequences of suing in any other court, for debts recoverable in this, and proceedings not removable.

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

Record of the judgment may be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any county, &c.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

and in every such case, die plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, such defendant or defendants shall have costs, and such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or "their costs in any cases by law. And no action or suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his/her, or their effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment, by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever,

but every such decree or judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XL. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv., p. 7 *

XXII. And as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests may, in order to, avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court, be jt therefore enacted. That in all cases where a final decree pr judgment for any sum or sums exceeding twenty ,

shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the

' defendant

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

179

defendant or defendants, or his, lier, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects (as the case may be) of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels, of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, which affidavit may be made before a judge, or commissioner authorized to take affidavits, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree orjudgmenttobe removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said court at Westminster; and the sheriff upon every such execution shall! and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of twenty shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects according to the notice of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XLIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. p. 129.

XXVI. Same as 47 Geo. III. c. 1. § xxviii. ante, p. 130.


Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or remorable.

No attorney , &c. to practise in this court.

180

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Style of Court.

Persona to sue and be sued, and amount of iub recoverable, See.

THE ISLE OF WIGHT.

46 Geo. III. c. Ixvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton.

i. Appoints commissioners to hear and finally determine all causes for the recovery of small debts within the Isle of Wight, and constitutes the said commissioners a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Isle of Wight, and several parishes, townships, and places within the same. *

XVII. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not) having any debt or debts on the balance of account, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executors or administrators, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer to any body corporate, or as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided; or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said Isle of Wight, or any of the parishes, townships, or places within the same;

or

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

181

or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand; or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the clerk of the court, &c.

XXVI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. t. c. 1. § xxvii. Attorok* not to

p.ia6.

XI. Enacts, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Overwhmt debts commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and em- ^jurUdS* powered to decide and determine all disputes and differ- tion«

ences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, whether such debt shall arise from any bond, bill, or specialty for payment of money only, or any promissory note, or inland bill of exchange, or for rent upon leases, articles, minutes, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes and returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall Matters ex-

extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said j^JSdkifonof commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, 00, 1 rt *

tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or

to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court.

XXIX. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or Debts due to any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any me- cove n^rre-nial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-

woman.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Actions not to be split for the purpose of proceeding in this court; but the court may decide in such action, so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop woman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, were ail of full age.

XIII. and XIV. Enact, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the sum of Jive, in order that

the same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners, that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then in every such case the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to dismiss Math costs every such cause or action so split and divided; but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he or she may lawfully proceed; But in case any plaintiff, who shall have so split or divided such his or her cause or action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money, as the said court is in and by this act enabled to judge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his or her demand fn such cause or action so split or divided, then and in every such case the said commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree and pronounce (on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to

the

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

189

action so split or divided, then, and in every such case, the said commissioners shpll and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce, on such plaintiff proving his or her cause or case to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, such sum to the plaintiff, not exceeding the sum of pounds, as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such sum shall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff in such cause or case so split and divided.

XLVIII. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, p. 7-

LII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. ante, p. 129.

XLVI. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, (save and except in the court for the liberty of the hundred of Mac *

clesfield, in the said county palatine of Chester,) then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for such defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the defendant or defendants shall have costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. And no action or suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in cases

where

Statute of limi-tattoos may be pleaded.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, &c.

Consequence of suing in any other court, for debts recover* able in thU.

Proceedings not removable.

190

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Persons may distrain for rent.

Record of the judgment may be removed into any superior court, and writs of execution issued to the sheri IF of any county.

where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himr self, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their effects, put of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment, by certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever, but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same, shall not exceed the of five pounds,

XXVI. And as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court, be it therefore enacted, that in all cases, where a final decree or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten shillings shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Courts of record at Westminster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their 'goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution haying issued against the person or persons or effects, as the case may be, of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels, of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, (which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits,) and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or ersons or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westnwster \ and the sheriff, upon every such exe-

cution,

19 i

cution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants, until the sum of shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court, subsequent to the said-decree or judgment, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. xxviii. ante, p. 130.

No attorney i&c. to practise in this court

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

TOWN OF SANDWICH, &c.

47 Geo. III. sess. 1* c. xxxv.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Fills of Ramsgate and Sarb, and the Parishes of Minsteb, Saint Lawrence* Stonab, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the Isle of Thanet j Walmeb, Ash next Sandwich, Eastby, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone nextWingham, . Chillenden, Nonnington, Woodnesbobough otherwise Winsbobow, Eythobne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmstone, Preston next Wingham, Ick-

HAM, WlCKHAMBBEUX, WaLDER SHARE, BaBFRESTON, ShEP-

hebdswell otherwise Sibbebtswould, Wymenswould, Barham, Patrixbourn, Bishopsbourn, Beaksbourn, Littlebourn, Stodmar8h, and Stourmouth, in the County of Kent.

26 Geo.s. c. 22. I. REPEALS an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the repealed. reign of his present Majesty.

Appoints com- II. Appoints commissioners, for the recovery of small ^urt^Sand- debts not exceeding the sum of five pounds, due or owing, wich. by or from, any person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting,

residing, or being within the said town and port of Sandwich, and the said vill of Sarr, or within any of the said several parishes of Stonar, Minster, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the said Isle of Thanet, Walmer, Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next Wingham, lenden, Nonnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Winsborow, Eythome, Word otherwise Worth, Elmstone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, Wickhambreux, Waldershare, Barfreston, Shepherdswell otherwise Sibbertswould, Wymenswould, Barham, Patrixbourn, Bishopsb Beaksbourn, Littlebourn, Stodmarsh and Stourmouth in the said county of Kent, or keeping or using any house, coach-house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall or stand, or using or frequenting any market or markets there, or working or seeking

a live-

* RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

198

a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same; and the said commissioners and their respective successors shall be, and are hereby constituted a court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of Requests in the Style of court. town and port of Sandwich"

III. Appoints commissioners, for the recovery of small Appoiut* com-debts not exceeding the sum office pounds, due or owing, by

or from any person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, resid- gate, ing, or being within the said vill of Ramsgate, or parish of Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, and county of Kent, or keeping or using any house, coach-house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall or stand, or using or frequenting any market or markets there, or working or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same; and the said last mentioned commissioners and their respective successors shall be, and they are hereby constituted a court of justice by the name and style of " The Style of court. Court of Requests in the vill of Ramsgate

IV. Enacts, That the said respective courts, and the Courts to be se-officers to the same respectively belonging, shall, in all

matters and things, be separate and distinct from each other, other, and that the jurisdiction of the said respective courts shall be confined to the town and port, and several vills, parishes, and places, within their respective jurisdictions.

XXI. Enacts, That any person or persons (whether such Parties to sue person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the amount of said respective courts or not,) having any debt or debts for recorm-or in respect of wages, rent, or arrears of rent, or otherwise howsoever, (save and except as herein mentioned) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee, to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as mayor, chamberlain, town clerk, treasurer, or other officer, to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk, treasurer, or other

o

officer

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Privilege not allowed to attornies.

Over what debts the commissioners have jurisdiction.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

' officer to any commissioners or trustees, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in such case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners within their respective jurisdictions are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not exprpssly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said town and port of Sandwich, or within either of the vills of Ramsgate and Sarr, or within any or either of the several .parishes herein-before mentioned, or keeping or using any house, coach-house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting any market or markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way working, trading, or dealing within the same, or being in or belonging to any ship, vessel, hoy, lighter, barge, boat, or other craft, lying in or navigating in either of the harbours of Sandwich or gate, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii. ante, p. 130.

XVII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said respective commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled in their respective jurisdictions, to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding Jive, in all

actions or causes of debt, and in all causes of assumpsit and

insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes and returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XVIII. Enacts, That in every case where any wages, or -any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person .whomsoever under the age of twenty-one years, it shall, be lawful to and

for

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

19$

for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman* shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said respective Courts of Requests, according to their respective j urisdictions, in the same ' manner, as if he or she were of full age; and the commis* sioners of the said respective . courts are hereby authorized and required in such cases to take cognizance of and proceed concerning such debts in. the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were all of full age. __

XIX. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained, shall jo what debts extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said 1, 068 , ot respective commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide, on any debt, where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, nor any debt for any sum being the balance, of an account on demand originally er-ceeding the sum of five pounds, or to judge, decide, or de-

termine on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the limits and jurisdictions of the said respective courts, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any'agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter properly suable therein, nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play.

XXIII. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall Actions not to be extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any plaintiff ^e^fprwjeed-to split or divide any cause or action for recovery of any >"g in thiscourt; debt, where the whole sum that shall appear to be due and n, decide ?n owing shall exceed the sum offive pounds, in order that the 80

, o 2 same

196

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged, in full of all demands.

Statute of limit* ations may be pleaded.

Consequence of suing in an other court, for debts recoverable in these. Proceedings not removable.

same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said respective courts or either of them; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then in every such case the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff Or plaintiffs from proceeding for the recovery of his, her or their debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as he or she may lawfully proceed; But in case any plaintiff, who shall have so split or divided such his, her, or their cause or action, shall be willing to accept such sum of money, as the said respective courts are in and by this act enabled in their respective jurisdictions to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, in full of the whole of his, her, or their demand in such cause or action so split or divided, then and in every such case the said respective commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree^ and pronounce, on such plaintiff proving his, her, or their cause or case to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners, such sum to the plaintiff or plaintiffs not exceeding the sum offive pounds, as to the said respective commis-

sioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such sum shall, in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said respective commissioners, be declared to be, and shall be, in full discharge of all demands from the defendant or defendants to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such cause or causes so split and divided.

XLVI. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, P- 7.

XLV. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt recoverable by virtue of this act in either of the said respective Courts of Requests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in one of the said respective Courts of Requests, according to their respective jurisdictions.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

197

lions, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have, or be entitled to, any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the said cause shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in either of the said respective Courts of Requests, then, and in every such case, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. And no action or suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said respective Courts of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, for the purpose or enforcing and carrying into effect any order, decree, or judgment, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment, but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

XXIX. And as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said respective Courts of Requests, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said respective courts, be it therefore enacted. That in all cases, where a final decree or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding twenty shillings, shall have been obtained in either

of the said respective courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster,

upon

Not to prevent distress for rent.

Record of iodg. roent may be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution issue to

the sheriff of any

county.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No attorney, &c. to practise in this court.

Proceedings no jto he quashed for want of form or removable.

Saving the rights of the court of record of Sandwich.

tipon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects (as the case may be) of the defendant or. defendants, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels, of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said respective courts, which affidavit maybe made before a judge, or commissioner authorized to take affidavits, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff upon every such execution shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of twenty shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said churt, subsequent to the said decree and judgment of the execution in the said superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XXXIII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii. ante, p. 130. The penalty not to exceed ten pounds nor less than five pounds.

L. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. ante, p. 129-

LIII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to affect, lessen, or take away any of the rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers or jurisdictions of the court of record of Sandwich; but that the same and all others the rights and privileges of the mayor and jurats of the said town and port, shall remain and continue in as full and ample manner to all intents and purposes as if this act had not been made.

RELATIVE to courts of requests.

19$>

PARISHES OF HALES OWEN, &c.

47 Geo. III. c. xxxvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Regis, Har-borne, West Bromwich, Tipton, and Bradley,

in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a

court of justice, by the name and style of " The Court of style of Court.

Requests for the parishes of Hales Rowley Regis,

Tipton, West Bromwich, Harbome, and the manor of Bradley, in the parish of Wolverhampton, the several counties of

Worcester, Salop, and Stafford *

XII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and Parties to sue for any person or persons, (whether residing within the jurisdiction of the said court or not) having any debt or debts, sum rccover-on rent or arrears of rent, or in respect of wages, or aWe> &c *

turn meruit, and in all causes of trover and conversion, or of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained, or otherwise howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging, to him, her or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor or administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer to any body corporate, as collector of any rate or taxes, or as clerk, or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated or constituted according to the provisions of the several statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and Hot herein expressly prohibited, by or from

any

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Attornies not to practise in this court

Debts due by and to persons under age, may be recovered.

Actions not to be split fjpr the purpose of proceeding in this court; But the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the limits of the said several parishes and manor, or either of them, or keeping or using any house, wharf, warehouse, quay, lodging, shop, abed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting any market, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading, or dealing.within the same, to apply to the clerk or one of the clerks of the court, &c.

XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. §xxviii. ante, p. 130.

' XVI. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of'five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopvyoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever, under the age of twenty-one years; it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to su^ for and recover such debt in the said court, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby required to, take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if die plaintiff or plaintiff were of full age.

XXI. Enacts, That if it shall appear to the said commissioners, that if -any plaintiff shall have split or divided his or her cause or action, with the intention of bringing the same within the jurisdiction of the said court, then and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and are hereby required to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West* minster, or in such other manner, as he or she lawfully might have done, if no such action or suit in the said Court of Requests had been brought or commenced: Provided always,

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

901

that in case any plaintiff in such cause or action so split or divided, shall be willing to accept the sum of pounds, or such less sum as shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said commissioners to be due and owing from the defendant to the plaintiff, in full of the whole of his or her demand in such cause, then and in every such case, the said commissioners shall and may adjudge and decree the payment of such sum of five pounds, or any less sum appearing to them to be so due and owing, and declare the same to be and which shall be deemed and taken to be in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the plaintiff in such cause or case so split or divided,

XXVIII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing Matters ex-herein contained, shall not extend to any debt where the title or lease of, or contract where the title or lease of any lands, the court, &c. tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real, contract; nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account or demand originally exceedingjivepounds; nor to any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the limits of the said several parishes and manor, or some or one of them; or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts; nor for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes; nor to any debt or sum of money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor for any for feiture upon any penalstatute or bye-law; nor to any debt whereof there hath not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay within six pears before the taking out of the summons for the same, although such debts respectively shall not exceed jive pounds, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided also. That nothing herein contained, shall extend. Persons may

distrain Torrent.

or

Consequences of suing in any other court, for debts recoverable in this.

Proceedings not removable.

Record of judgment may be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT *

or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of five .

XXIX. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, (save and except the court of the lord of the manor of Hales ,) then, and in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in die said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. And no action or suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court by cert, or any other writ or process whatsoever, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment obtained against such defendant or defendants; but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXVI. Enacts, That as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests, may, in order to avoid execution, remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court, be it

therefore

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

203

therefore enacted, that in all cases where a final decree issue to the she-or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten, shall county, &&c.

have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at -minster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained, and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued against the person or persons, or effects, as the case may be, of the defendant or defendants; and that the person or persons, goods and chattels of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court,

(which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits,) and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as in judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff, upon every such execution, shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants, until the sum of ten shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XXX. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Saving the juris tend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any per- ^rtofthHord son or persons from commencing or prosecuting any suit, or of the manor of recovering any debt in the court of the lord of the manor of Huta wen' Hales Owen, or otherwise, by virtue of any custom of the said manor, or in any other manor court, or by the custom

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

of any other manor or manors within the limits of the juris* diction of this act; but that all rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers, and jurisdictions, of such lord and lord's court and courts, and the custom and customs of such manor ' and manors, shall remain and continue in as full and ample form and manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

Proceedings not XLIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1 § xlvii. ante,

to be quashed .

for wantof form, P *

&c.

RELATIVE TO COURTS REQUESTS.

£06

THE PARISHES OF SAINT JOHN THE BAPTIST, &c. IN THE COUNTY OF KENT.

47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. vii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes ofSaint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the '

Apostle, and Birchington, and the VtU of Wood, in the Isle of Thanbt and County of Kent.

I. APPOINTS commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the town of Margate, and the parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the Apostle, and Birchington, and the vill of Wood, in the Isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent, within the liberty of the town and port of Dover in the same county; and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the Style of Court. town of Margate and the parishes of Saint John the Baptist,

Saint Peter the Apostle, and Birchington, and the Wood, in the Isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent, within the liberty of the town and port of Dover in the same

XX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Parties to sue any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall mount of sum reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not) having recoverable, any debt or debts not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, or administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society, duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners by this act are enabled to judge and determine.

m6

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No privilege to be allowed to attornies, &c.

termine, and not expressly prohibited by this act by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said town of and parishes and

vill aforesaid, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or other place of dealing, or working, or using, or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing withing the same, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxvii. ante,

p. 126'.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

XXXIV. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whomsoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, . to sue for and recover such debt in the said court, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said ^commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, were all of .full age.

Over what debts, XIV. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for the said com-have^urisdic-8 missi°ners and they are hereby enabled to decide and de* tion. termine all disputes and differences between party and party,

for any sum not exceedin in all actions or causes

of debt, articles, minutes, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on - a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or .detinue, for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XV.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

207

XV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall ex- Matters extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said com- j^Jonof missioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tene- the court, ments, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to

judge, determine, or decide on any debt, where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or .hereditaments, or of any chattel real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand, originally exceeding Jive pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt

that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said . town of Margate and parishes and vill aforesaid, or some of them, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or .matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. & XVII. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. 37. § xiii. & xiv. Actiownottobe

ante, p. 176, 177. 8P, ik fo/ re-

pose or proceeding in this court; But the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

XLVI. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debt Consequences recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Re- othercourtjor .quests, shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have, or be entitled to, any costs whatsoever, and if the verdict shall be given for such defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and such remedy for recovering

208

ABStttACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

covering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. And no Proceedings not action or suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted *n t^e sa^ Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, train for rent, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, by cer, or any other writ or process whatsoever, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, for the purpose of enforcing and carrying into effect any order, decree, or judgment, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his or her effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment, but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. Provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of Jive p. Record of judg- XXIV. Same as 45 Geo. III. c. 67. § xxvii p. 173.

meat may be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any county.

Statute of limi- XLVIII. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. II. c. civ. § xiv. ante,

tations may be

pleaded. p» 7»

No attorney ^cc. XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii. ante,

to practise in .

this court. P *

Proceedings not LII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. p.

to be quashed - on for want of form, or removable,

&c.

I

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

209

THE TOWN OF GRAVESEND, &c.

47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. xl.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small the Town of Gbayesend, and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough,

Dartford, Wilmington, and Axtane, the County Kent *

i. Appoints commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the said town of Gravesend, and in the several hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dartford, and Wilmington, and Axtane, in the county of Kent, and constitutes the said commissioners a court of justice, by the name of " The Court Style of Court, of Requests for the town of Gravesend, and the several hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dartford and Wilmington, and Ax-tane, in the county of Kent"

XVII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for parties to sne any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall J«*d*^ reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not), having sum recover-any debt or debts on the balance of accounts, or otherwise able* &c' howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due, or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as ,

executor, administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as mayor, chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said town of Gravesend, or within any of the several other parishes or places in the hundreds of, -

p ford

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No privilege 1 be allowed to attornies, &c.

Defendant where to be summoned.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

ford and Wilmington, and Axtane, or any of them, as aforesaid, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXX. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2, c. 1. § xxvii. ante,

p. 126.

II. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the attendance of any defendant or defendants, witness or witnesses, in the court to be holden in the said town of Gravesend, in pursuance of any order or summons issued out of the said court, or by any person or persons whomsoever, acting as an officer, or officers of the said court, in any cause, suit, or action, for or on account of any debt or der mand incurred, arising, or accruing within the said hundred of Dartford and Wilmington, and Axtane, or any of them; and nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the attendance of any defendant or defendants, witness or witnesses in the court, to be holden in the said town of Dartford, in pursuance of any order or summons issued out of the said court, or by any person or persons whomsoever, acting as an officer or officers of the said court, in any cause, suit, or action, for or on account of any debt or demand incurred, arising or accruing within the said hundred of .

XXIV. Enacts, That in every case where any wages 'or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whomsoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person,

to.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

21

to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner* and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, were all of full age.

XIII. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for the said com- Over what debts missioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled to

decide and determine all disputes and differences between tion.J party and party, for any sum not exceeding pounds, in all actiofis or causes of debt, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue, for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XIV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall ex- Matters extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said empted from

. jurisdiction of

commissioners to determine the nght or title of any lands, this court.

tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattel real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said town of Gravesend, and the hundreds aforesaid, or any of them, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any tiling concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition ior, or by way of retainer of tithes, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

p 2 XVI.

212

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Actions not to XVI. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xm. and xiv.

be split for the .

purpose of suing P *

in this court; But the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

Consequences XLII. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debtre-othercourt for coverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Request?, abte^inUtis61' shall he commenced in any other court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have, or be entitled to, any costs whatsoever; and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants; in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom . the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, such defendant or defendants shall have costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law. And no action or Proceedings not suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said removable. Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their effects, out of the jurisdiction of the said court, after a decree or judgment; but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or becon-d^tr^nVorrent. strued to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of Jive .

Statute of limi- XLIII. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante,

tations may be

pleaded. p 7-

XXVII.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

213

XXVII. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. cxxxv. § xxiv. Record of iudg-

1AA ment may be re-

p. 144. moTed into the

superior court, end writs of execution tone to the sheriff of any county.

XLVII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. ante, p. 129.

only, or remova-

XXXI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii. ante, No* attorney, p. 130. &c*to

r . in the court.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that Rights of

nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed c?"rts °* m?)rd

ofGraresend

to extend, so as to affect, lessen, prejudice, or take away any and Milton re-of the rights, privileges, franchises, liberties, powers or ju- *cn, cd* risdiction of the said court of record; (1) but that die same, and all other the rights and privileges of the mayor, jurats, and inhabitants of the villages and parishes of Gravesend and Milton, shall remain and continue in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if this act

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form

had not been made.

. (1) The ancient Court of Record holden before the mayor and three jurats of the corporation of Gravesend and Milton.

ABSTRACT Of ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

214

Commissioners appointed, &c.

Style of Court *

Persons to sue or be sued, and amount of debt recoverable, &c.

BOROUGH OF IPSWICH.

47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. lxxix.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Ipswich in the County of Suffolk.

i. Appoints commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the said town and borough and liberties thereof, and constitutes them a court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests for the town and borough of Ipswich, and the liberties thereof, in the county of Suffolk."

XX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) having any debt or debts on the balance of account, or otherwise, howsoever, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executors, or administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk, or other officer, to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society, duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners by this act are enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting, residing or being, within the said town and borough or the liberties thereof, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or other place of dealing or working, or using or frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood, or in any way trading or dealing within the same, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXI.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

2U

XXXI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxvii.

p. 126.

XXXIV. Enacts, That in every case where any wages, or any sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any me-

jual servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers iii regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, were all of full age.

XIV. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party for any sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions or causes of debt; and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and con-verion, and all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt, where the title of the freehold or lease for years, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding

No privilege to be allowed to attornies, & c.

Debts due to persons under age may be re* covered.

Over what debts commissioners have jurisdic* turn.

Over what debts commissioners have not jurisdiction.

3J6

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said town and borough and the liberties thereof, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony; or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Actions not to XVI and XVII. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xiii.

and xiv. ante, p. 176, 7-

ceeding in this court. But the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

Statute of limi- XLVIII. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv.

tatious may be m

pleaded. P *

Consequences XLVI. Enacts, That if any action or suit for any debtre-

of suing in any COverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requests, other court, for, . J_ . .,

debts recovera- shall be commenced in any other court whatsoever, or else-

ble in this. where than in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall not, by reason of a verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have, or be entitled to, any costs whatsoever, and if the verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such case, the defendant or t defendants shall have costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, Proceedings not her, or their costs, in any cases by law. And no action or removable, sujt which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, except by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in cases where the defendant or defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her or their effects, out of the jurisdiction

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

217

tion of the said court, after a decree or judgment, by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, but every such decree and judgment shall be final and conclusive between the parties, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall ex- 1104 40

, , , , . hinder persons

tend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain from distraining

any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, for rent *

although the same shall not exceed the sum offive pounds.

XXVI. Same as 45 Geo. III. c.67. §xxvii., p. 173. of

nay b county, &c.

may be removed into the superior courts and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any

* iudg-f any

LII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. ante, p. {^edin{PjJot

129* for want of form,

or removable.

XXXII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii. No attorney, ante, p. 130.

LV. Saving the rights of the borough of Ipswich and the Saving therights borough court commonly called " The Court of Small Pleas." wich, &c.P

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

MANCHESTER.

48 Geo. III. c. xliii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

I. APPOINTS commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the parish of Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster, and the several townships, hamlets, and places situate within the same parish; and constitutes the commis-Style of Court, sioners a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the parish of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster"

Parties entitled XXVII. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and sue^and*5 for any person or persons, (in case such person or persons amount of debt shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court) having recoverable, &c. aQy ^ebt Qr debts (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor or administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due, owing, or payable to him as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer, to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners by this act are enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whatsoever, inhabiting and residing within the said parish, or keeping and using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or other place of dealing or working, or generally using and frequenting the markets there, as a dealer, or seeking a livelihood, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXVIIL

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

219

XXXVIII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxvii. No privilege

be allowed to at* toraies, &c.

be allowed

to

ante, p. 126.

- XLI. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or Debts due any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding ^rage may the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any me- recovered, uial servant* clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, were of full age.

XXI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful for the Over what debts said commissioners to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party for any sum not exceed- diction. ingjive pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, whether such

debt shall arise from any bond, bill, or specialty for payment of money only, or any promissory note, or inland bill of exchange, or for rent upon leases, articles, or minutes; and in all cases of assumpsit and insimul comput asset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XXII. Enacts, that nothing in this act contained, shall Matters ex-extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said

the jurisdiction

commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, of the court, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt, where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tene-

ments.

220

ABSTRACT OR ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

ments, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, nor to any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide . on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said parish of Manchester; or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes, nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Actions not to XXIII. and XXIV. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. xxxvii.

of pit § and «v. ante, p. 176, 7.

ceeding in this court; But the court may decide in such action, so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

Statute of timi- LV. Same as 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv., p. 7 *

tations may be pleaded.

Proceedings not LIX. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xlvii. ante, p.

to be quashed for want of form.

Record of XXXIII. Enacts, That as it may happen that persons

l>e^removed* into served with process issuing out of the said Court of Requests,

courts^and writs *n ort*er to avo^ execution, remove their persons and

of execution effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court, riff of anyC therefore enacted. That in all cases where a final decree

county, &c. or judgment for any sum or sums exceeding ten ,

shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or for the court of Common Pleas for the said county palatine of Lancaster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained; and of diligent search and inquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the precept of execution having issued

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

331

against the person or persons, or effects (as the case may be) of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels, of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, which affidavit may be made before a judge, or commissioner authorized to take affidavits, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior court, to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons, or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster, or court of Common Pleas at Lancaster;

and the sheriff upon every such execution shall, and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of ten shillings be paid to him, in case such execution shall be issued for any sum not exceeding or until the sum of twenty shillings be paid to him, in case such execution shall be for any sum exceeding forty lings, or to levy the same sums respectively out of the effects according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court, subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

XXXIX. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 3. c. 1. § xxviii. No attorney, ante, p. ISO. ££?"

LXII. Saves the rights of the wapentake court of Sal- Saving clause. ford, or the court-baron, or any other court belonging to the manor of Manchester, or any rights, &c. enjoyed with or belonging to the said wapentake or hundred of Salford and manor of Manchester.

L.

ABSTRACT OH, ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

THE HUNDRED OF CODSHEATH, &c.

48 Geo. III. c. 1.

An Act for the more easy and speedy R within

the Hundred of Codsheath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

Commissioners appointed, and style of court.

Defendants where to be summoned.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests for the several hundreds of C*-

karri and Edenbridge, Wrotham, Brenchley and

Washlingstone, the Lowey of and the ville and

liberty of Brasted in the county of Kent"

II. Enacts, That no defendant or witness shall be required or compelled to attend at the court to be held at venoaks, for or on account of any debt or demand incunred within the said hundreds of Brenchley and Horsmonden, Washlingstone, and the Lowey of Tonbin the county of Kent;

nor shall any defendant or witness be required to attend in the court to be held in the town of Tonbridge, in any cause, suit or action, on account of any debt or demand incurred, arising, or accruing within the hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Westerham and Edenbridge, Wrotham, and the ville

and liberty of Brasted, in the said county of Kent, or any of them.

Persons to sue XIX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for and be sued, and, , .,

amount of sum any person or persons, (whether such person or persons shall

recoverable. preside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) hav-

ing. any debt or debts (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or

belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own

right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee, to

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

any person or persons, or due and owing to him as mayor, chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, or to any club or friendly society, duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are, by this act, enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting and residing, or being within any of the several parishes or places in the said hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Wester ham and Edenbridge,

Wrotham, Brenchley and Horsm, Washlingstone, ffie

Lowey of Tonbridge, and the ville and liberty of in

the county of Kent, or any of them as aforesaid, or keeping or using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or generally using and frequenting the markets there as a dealer, or seeking a livelihood, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXIII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxvii. ante, No privilege to

126. # be allowed to

r attormes, &c *

XIV. Enacts, that it shall and may be lawful to and Overwbatdebts

for the said commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled to decide and determine all disputes and dif- tion.J ferences between party and party, for ariy sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue, for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XV. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained, shall Matters ex-extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, the court, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt, where the title of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or

heredi-

224

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

Actions not to be split for the purpose of proceeding in this c fied to receive tl

Persons may distrain for rent

hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor on any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on

any debt, that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said several hundreds of Codsheath, -

ham and Edenbridge, WrothamBrenchley and Horsmonden,

Washlingstone, the Lowey of, and the ville and

liberty of Brasted, in the county of, or any of them, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony; or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes.

XXVI. Enacts, That in every case, where any wages, or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court, in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts, in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, were all of full age.

XVIII. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. 37. § xiii. & xiv. ante, p. 176, 7.

art; but the court raav decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satis, e sum adjudged in full of all demands.

XLV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or

restrain

225

restrain any person from distraining for any rent or arrears thereof, although the same shall exceed the sum of Jive

XVI. Same as 56 Geo. III. c. Ixxvi., p. 12.

Act aot to alter the power* of SO and SI Geo. II.

XLVI. Same to 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. §xiv. ante, Statute of fimi-

_ m tations raav be

P-7l pkwkd.

XXX. Same as 47 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xxiii. ante, p. 115.

be removed into the superior courts, and writs of execution issued to the sheriff of anj county.

XXXIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. i. § xxviii. Noattorney,

to practise to

ante, p. 130. court.

&c.

this

L. Same as first part of 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. i. § xlvii. ^bequluSed01

ante, p* 129* for want of form.

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

HUNDREDS OF WESTBURY, &c.

48 Geo. III. c. lxxxviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery <f Small Debts within the Hundreds of Westbury, Warminster, HeytesbcbY, and Damerham South in the County Wilts.

i. Appoints commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the said hundreds, and the said commissioners are thereby constituted a court of justice, by - the name of Style of Court. " The Court of Requests for the hundreds of ,

' Warminster, Heytesbury, and Damerham South, in the

County of Wilts."

Parties to sue . XXII. Enacts, That it shall and maybe lawful to and amount of sum* for any person or persons, (whether such person or persons recoverable, &c. shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) having any debt or debts, save and except as herein excepted, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee to any person or persons, or due and owing to him as officer to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the said hundreds, or either of them, or keeping and using any house, wharf, warehouse, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall or stand, or generally using and frequenting the markets there as a dealer, or seeking a livelihood, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXX.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUEST*.

227

XXX. Same as 47 Geo. IIL sess. 2. c. i. § xxvii. , No privilege

, _ J allowed to at tor-

P-120- niee, &c.

XXXII. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or Debts due to any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding J^nwvbew-the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any me- covered, nial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop-woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such debts, in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were all of full age.

XVII. Enacts, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for Over what debt* the said commissioners to decide and determine all dis- S»h^e'j^»-n putes and differences between party and party, for any sum diction.

not exceeding jive pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, whether such debt shall arise from any bond, bill, or specialty for payment of money only, or any promissory note or inland bill of exchange, or for rent, and in all cases of assumpsit and instmul computasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, and all causes or actions of trespass or detinue, for goods or chattels taken or detained.

XVIII. Enacts, That nothing in this act contained Matters exempt shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, coart. tenements or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to

judge, determine, or decide, on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for years, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, nor any debt for any sum

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding the sum office p, or to judge, decide, or deter-

mine on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the limits and jurisdiction of the said court; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter properly suable in the ecclesiastical court; nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any debt for which there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, undertaking, or promise to pay, within six years before the taking out of the summons, although the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds, dbtrain foM-ent XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent, or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

Actions not to XX. and XXI. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. 37. § xiii. and

170, 7.

ceeding in this court. But the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

No attorney, &c. to practise in the court.

Saving clause.

XLI. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, P-7.

XXXI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. i. § xxviii., p. 130.

L. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the several

parishes, hamlets, or tithings, of, Chamberlain,

Damerham South, East Majrtin, West Martin, and Tidpitt, in the said hundred of Damerham South, nor to any person or persons inhabiting, residing, or being within the same parishes, hamlets, or tithings, or any or either of them.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

22Q

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE, &c.

48 Geo. III. c. xcviii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within

the Parish of Ashton-undbb-lyne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and within the Townships of Stayley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Comity Palatine of Chester.

i. Appoints commissioners, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " The Court of Requests Style of Court. for the parish of Ashton-under-lyne, in the said County palatine of Lancaster, and the several townships of Stayley, -tersley, Matley, Newton, and Dukinfi in the County palatine of Chester."

XVI. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Parties to sue any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall

reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) having amount of debt any debt or debts upon any contract or agreement, or for or r°COTer, ble' in respect of wages, rent, or arrears of rent, or otherwise howsoever, save and except as herein mentioned, not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee, to any person or persons, or due or owing, or payable to him as collector of any tolls, or of any rates or taxes, or as clerk, treasurer, or other officer, to any commissioners or trustees, or to any body or bodies politic or corporate, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting.

and

250

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

No privilege allowed to altor-nies, &c.

Over what debts commissioners have jurisdiction.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

and residing within the said parish of Ashton-under-lyne, or the several townships aforesaid, or any of them, or keeping and using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or other place of dealing or working, or generally using and frequenting the markets there as a dealer, or seeking a livelihood, to apply to the clerk, &c.

XXXIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxvii.

p. 126.

XXI. Enacts, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby enabled to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions or causes of debt, and in all causes of assumpsit and insimul -tasset, and in all causes or actions of trover and conversion, and in all causes or returns founded on a quantum meruit, or quantum valebat, and in all causes or actions of trespass or detinue, for goods and chattels taken or detained.

XXIII. Enacts, That in every case where any sum or sums of money whatsoever, not exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever under the age of twenty-one years, such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person may sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were all of full age.

XXVI. Enacts, That nothing in this act c6ntained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the commissioners of the said court to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide, on any debt where the title.

of

R&LAtlVB to courts o* requests.

231

of the freehold or lease fof years, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor any debt for any sum being the balance of an account on demand originally exceeding the sum of five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the limit and jurisdiction of the said court, or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes, or for any matter properly

suable in the ecclesiastical court, nor to any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play; nor to any debt for which there has not been a contract, acknowledgment, under- takih g, or promise to pay, within six years before the taking out of the summons, although the same respectively shall not exceed five pounds,

XL. Provided always, That nothing hereiri contained Persons may shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or actionuVor rent? restrain any person from making distress or bringing any action or actions whatsoever for rent, or arrears thereof, and thereby recovering such rent with costs, although the same shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

XXVII. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xiii. and xiv. Actions not to «*. P- U6, 7.

ceeding in this court; Bat the court may deckle in such action so split, if die plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum adjudged in full of all demands.

XLI. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xi Statute of liml-

m tations may be

P. 7* pleaded.

XXXI. Enacts, That in all cases where a final decree or Mode of pro-judgment for any sum or sums of money shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and outofthejuris-for any serjeant of the said court to apply to any justice of after the peace, acting for the division or place to which such de- judgment.

fendant

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

230

fendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, shall be removed, and upon proof being made upon oath, ' (which oath such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer,) of the precept of execution having been issued against the person or persons or effects (as the case may be) of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels of such defendant or defendants, is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, but is or are believed to be within the county or district where such justice of the peace shall act, such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to sign or indorse his name upon the back of the said precept of execution, and thereupon the serjeant, or other officer of the said court shall be, and he. and they is and are hereby authorized, and empowered to take and seize the person and persons, or effects, of the defendant or defendants, wheresoever the same shall be found within the county or district, for which such justice of the peace, who shall have so signed or indorsed the. said precept of execution as aforesaid, shall act, and to deal therewith in like manner as if the same had been taken or seized within the jurisdiction of the said court; and all constables and other peace-officers shall, and they are hereby required to be aiding and assisting within their respective districts in the execution of the said precept so indorsed, as aforesaid.

No attorney Ac. XXXV. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. i. § xxviii. ante,

to practise in the

court# p« 130.

tobeqwS^dfor LI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. i. § xlvii. ante, p. 129 *

want of form.

L.

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS'.

£33

THE TOWNSHIP OF WOLVERHAMPTON, &c.

48 Geo. III. c. cx.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small, within the Township of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford.

I. APPOINTS commissioners for the recovery of small Commissioners debts within the townships of Wolverhampton and -

field, and the several parishes of Brewood, Pattingham&c.

Bushbury, and Penn, in the county of Stafford, and constitutes them a court of justice, by the name of " Court style of Court. of Requests for the townships of Wolverhampton and nesfield, and the several parishes of Brewood, Pattingham,

Bushbury, and Penn, in the county of Stafford"

II. Appoints commissioners for the recovery of small Commissioners debts within the townships of Bilston and WiUenhall, and parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, in the county of Stafford, and constitutes them a court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests for the townships of Bilston and Style of Court WiUenhall, and the parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, in the county of Stafford, except the manor of Bradley"

XIX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Persons to sue any person or persons (whether residing in the jurisdiction "tire of the said respective courts or not) having any debt or debts amountofsum on rent or arrears of rent, or quantum meruit, quantum vale-bat, and in all cases of trover and conversion, or of trespass or detinue, for goods and chattels taken and detained, or otherwise, howsoever, (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due, owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor,

administrator.

234

ABSTRACT OF Acts OF PARLfAMENf

No privilege to be allowed to attornies, &c. and no attorney, &c. to practise in the court.

Persons under age may sue in this court.

administrator, guardian, assignee or trustee to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as town-clerk or other officer to any body corporate, as collector of any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners, or to any club or friendly society duly associated or constituted according to the provisions of the several statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said respective commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not herein expressly prohibited, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting and residing within the limits of the said several townships, parishes, and places, or either or any of them, or keeping and using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or generally using and frequenting the markets there, or seeking a livelihood within the same, to apply to the clerk or clerks of the said respective courts, &c.

XXXVIII. Same as 5 Geo. III. c. 8. § xxviii. ante, p. 87.

XXIII. Enacts, That in every case where any sum Or sums of money whatsoever, (except for images) not. exceeding the sum of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whomsoever, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwotUan, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said respective courts, in the same manner as if he or she Were Of full age; and the commissioners present in dm Said courts respectively are hereby required to take cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the saino manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs Were of full age.

IV.

relative to COURTS of requests.

£35

IV. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Power for plain-person or persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said town- JjJ j^uSction ships of Wolverhampton and Wednesfield, and in the said pa* to sue d*fcnd-rishes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bushbury, and Penn, or in the othen any or either of them, to commence, sue, and prosecute any action or suit, actions or suits, against any person or persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said townships of and WiUenhall, and in the said parishes of and

Darlaston, except the manor of Bradley, or in any or either of them, so as the order or summons, orders or summonses, against such person or persons do issue, and all subsequent proceedings under the same be had, prosecuted, and carried on, and execution issue in the said court or courts, so to be held within and for the said townships of Bilston and lenhall, and the several parishes of Wednesbury and last on; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, who shall inhabit or dwell in the said townships of Bilston and WiUenhall, and in the said parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, or in any or either of them, to commence, sue, and prosecute any action or suit, actions or suits, against any person or persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said townships of Wolverhampton and fitld, and in the said parishes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bushbury, and Penn, or in any or either of them, so as the order or summons, orders or summonses, against such person or persons do issue, and all subsequent proceedings under the same be had, prosecuted, and carried on, and execution issue in the said court, to be held in the said township of Wolverhampton, or at any other place by adjournment, as in this act is mentioned.

III. Enacts, That nothing herein contained shall extend. Defendants and or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the attendance of any defendant or defendants, witness or wit- jurisdiction, not nesses, in the said court, so to be holden in the said town- Secoimof* ship of Wolverhampton, or in any other place by adjourn- the other, ment, as hereinafter is mentioned, in pursuance of any order

or

23& ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

or summons issued out of the said court, or by any person or persons whomsoever, acting as an officer or officers of the said - court, in any cause, suit, or action, which shall or may be brought or commenced against any person or persons who shall reside, inhabit, or dwell in the said several townships of Bilston and Wille and parishes of Wednesbury

and Darlaston, or any of them; and nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the attendance of any defendant or defendants, witness or witnesses, in the said court, to be holden in the several townships of Bilston and , and parishes of Wednesbury and, in pursuance of any

order or. summons, issued out of the said last mentioned court, or by any person or persons whomsoever, acting as an officer or officers of the said court, in any cause, suit or action, which shall or may be brought or commenced against any person or persons who shall reside, inhabit, or dwell in the said townships of Wolverhampton and and in

the said several parishes of Brewood, Pattingham, -bury, and Penn, or any of them.

Actions not to XXIX. Same as 46 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xiii. and xiv.

be split for the . _ m

purpose of pro- aMtC> P- 176, . 7 *

ceeding in this court; but the court may decide in such action so split, if the plaintiff will be satisfied to receive the sum so adjudged, in full of all demands.

Matters exempt- XXXVI. Enacts, That this act, or any thing herein tionofthecourt, contained, shall not extend to any sum or sums of money, debts, or demands whatsoever, for or an account of any ale, beer, or spirituous liquors, unless such debt for ale, beer, or spirituous liquors, shall have really and bona fide been contracted at one time to the amount of twenty shU-, lings or upwards, or to any debt where the right or title

to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estate whatsoever, or to any debt where the title. of the freehold or lease for years of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, or tq any debt for any sum being the

balance

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS.

237

balance of an account on demand, originally exceeding Jive pounds, or to any debt that shall arise by reason of

the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, situate elsewhere than within the limits and jurisdictions of the said respective courts, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for, or by way of retainer of tithes, or to any debt or sum of money or thing won at or by means of any horse-race, cock-match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play, or for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law whatsoever, or to any contract or complaint, difference or dispute, that may arise between master and servant, or master or apprentice; Provided also that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain any person from dis- Not to prevent training for any rent or arrears of rent, although the same distress for rent, shall not exceed the sum of five pounds.

XXXIV. Same as 47 Geo. III. c. xxxvii. § xxiii. ante. Record of iudg-

11 r meat may be re-

P. moved into su-

perior courts, and writs of execution issue to the sheriff of any county.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that Retrying the nothing in this act contained shall extend to extinguish, re- ^ur^lmron^ strain, alter, annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice the &0* jurisdiction of any ancient court-baron, holden by any lord or lords of any manor or manors in the said county of Stafford, or to annul or prejudice the jurisdiction of the county court, or hundred courts, holden by the sheriff of the said county of Stafford, or his stewards respectively, or any of the rights, privileges, and franchises to the same courts, or any of them belonging, but that pleas shall and may be held in the said courts of all debts, matters, and things, within such manors, or within the jurisdiction of the said county or hundred courts respectively; and all persons may sue and be sued in the same courts in like manner, as if this act had. never been made; any thing herein contained to the con-, trary in any wise notwithstanding.

238

ABSTRACT OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

THE PARISH OF MERTHYR TIDFIL, &c.

49 Geo. III. c. cxli.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small within

the Parish of Merthyr Tidfil, and other Plates therein -turned, in the Counties of Glamorgan Brecon, and Monmouth.

Style of Court

Parties to sue or to be sued, and amount of sum recoverable.

I. APPOINTS commissioners for the recovery of small debts within the several parishes of Tidfil, -

gave, Ystradyfoduck, and Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan; Pendvryn, Vay nor, and Llangunider, in the county of Brecon; and the parish of Bedwelty, in the county of Monmouth; and constitutes the said commissioners a court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests for the several parishes of Merthyr TidfU, Gellygare, Ystradyfoduck, arid Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan; Pendvryn, Vaynor, and Llangunider, in the county of Brecon; and the parish of Bedwelty, in the county of Monmouth."

XIX. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not,) having any debt or debts (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing, or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor, administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee to Any person or persons, or due and owing to him as mayor, chamberlain, town-clerk, or other officer, to any body corporate, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever which the said Commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 239

-not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever, inhabiting, residing, or being within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests^ or .keeping and using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or generally using and frequenting the markets there as a dealer, pr seeking a livelihood, to apply to the clerk of the said court, &c.

XXX. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. $. c. 1. § xxvii.

p. 12<3.

XV. Enacts, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled to decide and determine all disputes and differences between party and party, for any sum not exceeding five pounds, in all actions or causes of debt,

XVI. Provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever; .or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold, or lease for years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels reel whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, or on any debt for any sum, being the balance of an account on demand, originally exceeding five pounds: or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than within the jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, or any of them; or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging jto the Ecclesiastical court; or for or concerning any agreement* by way of composition, for or by way of retainer of -tithes.

XXIV. Enacts, That in every case where any wages or nay other sum or snips of money whatsoever, not exceeding <the *mn of five pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial

No privilege to be allowed to attornies, See.

Over what debts commissioners have jurisdiction.

Matters exempted from the jurisdiction of the court.

Debts due to persons under age may be recovered.

Persons may distrain for rent.

This act not to alter the powers of 20 & 31 Geo. 2.

Statute of limitations may be pleaded.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form.

Attornies, &c. not to practise in this court.

Reserving the rights of court-baron of the Marquis of Bute.

Abstract of acts of parliament

nial servant, clhrk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shop* woman, assistant, labourer, or any other person whatsoever under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful 'to and for such servant, clerk, book-keeper, journeyman, shopman, shopwoman, assistant, labourer, or other person, to sue for and recover such debt in the said court in the same manner as if he or she were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance of, and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto, as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were all of full age.

XLII. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prevent or restrain any person from distraining for any rent, or arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the of fice

pounds.

XVII. Same as 56 Geo. III. c. lxxvi. ante, p. 12.

XLIII. Same as 39 and 40 Geo. III. c. civ. § xiv. ante, p. 7.

XLVII. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. xlvii. ante, p. 129.

XXXI. Same as 47 Geo. III. sess. 2. c. 1. § xxviii., p. 130.

L. Enacts, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to do away, destroy, prejudice, or interfere within the court-baron of the most honourable John, Marquis of Bute, and the Earl of Dumfries, now accustomed to be held for any of the manors within the said parishes, or any or either of them, or any other court belonging to the said manors, or any rights, liberties, privileges, franchises, usages, customs, royalties, suits, services, powers, or authorities enjoyed with, or appertaining or belonging to,

the

RELATIVE TO COURTS OF REQUESTS. 241

the said several manors within the said parishes, or any or either of them.

[Saving the rights of the court-baron of the Duke of Beaufort.]

LI. Enacts, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to do away, destroy, prejudice, or interfere with the court-baron of the most noble Henry Charles, Duke of Beaufort, now accustomed to be held for any of the manors within the said parishes, or any or either of them, or any other court belonging to the said manors, or any rights, liberties, privileges, franchises, usages, customs, royalties, suits, services, powers, or authorities enjoyed with or appertaining or belonging to the said several manors within the said parishes, or any or either of them.

INDEX

A.

Page.

Abe rd a re. Parish of, Glamorgan 238 Acris, Parish of, Kent 162

Aldgate, St. Botolph without 34

Albans, St., Borough of, Hertford . 51

Alkham, Parish of, Kent 156

Almondbury, Parish of, York 166

Amrill, Liberty of, Somerset . 169

Ash next Sandwich, Parish of, Kent 192

Ashton under Ljne, Parish of, Lancaster. 229

Astane, Hundred of, Kent. . 209

B.

Barf res ton. Parish of, Kent . 192

Barham, Parish of, Kent .

Barrow Brightwells, Hundred of, Gloucester .... 164

Barrow, Parish of, Salop 150

Bath, City of, Somerset 169

Bathforum, Hundred of, Somerset Batley, Parish of, York, 166

Battersea, Parish of, Surry . 60

Beaksbourn, Parish of, Kent . 192

Beausfield, otherwise Whitfield, Parish

of, Kent ...... 156

Beckenham, Hundred of, Kent . 87

---- Parish of, Kent, ib,

Beddington, Parish of, Surry . 90

Bed in ins ter, Parish of, Somerset . 12

Bedwelty, Parish of, Monmouth . 238

Bemon, Fee, liberty of, Lincoln . 41

Bennington, Parish of, Lincoln . 125

BenthaJl, Parish of, Salop 150

Bermondsey, St. Mary Magdalen,

Parish of, Surry ... 18

Bethnal Green, St. Matthew, Parish of, Middlesex .... 34

Betsbanger, Parish of, Kent . 160

Beverley, Town of, York . 140

Bexley, Parish of, Kent . 87

Bilston, Township of, Stafford . 233

Bingley, Parish of, York 166

Birchington, Parish of, Isle of Thanet,

Kent ...... 205

Birmingham, Town of, Warwick . Birstall, Parish of, York .

Bishopboum, Parish of, Kent Bisley, Hundred of, Gloucester . Bispham, Parish of, Lancaster Blackheath, Hundred of, Kent Blackwall, Hamlet of, Stepney Bolingbroke, Soke of, Lincoln . Boston, Borough and Parish of, Iincok Boughton, Hundred of, Kent Bradford, Parish of, York .

---- Hundred of, Wilts

Town of, Wilts

Bradley, Hundred of, Gloucester

Manor of, Salop, Stafford and

Worcester

Hundred or Wapentake of.

Lincoln

Bras ted, Ville and Liberty of, Kent Brenchley, Hundred of, Kent B re wood. Parish of, Stafford .

Brightwells Barrow, Hundred of, Gloucester .... Brinksway, Hamlet of, Chester . Brinnington, Township of, Chester Bristol, City of

Bruton, Hundred of. Eastern half, Surry .

Brixton, Hundred of, Western half,

Surry ......

Brombam, Hamlet of, Wilts Bromley, Hundred of, Kent .

---- Parish of, Kent

St Leonard, Parish of

Bromwich West, Parish of, Salop, Stafford and Worcester Broseley, Parish of, Salop . Buckland, Parish of, Kent

Burbam, Parish of, Kent Bushbury, Parish of, Stafford Buslingthorpe, Parish of, Lincoln . Butterwick, Parish of, Lincoln

C.

Caine, Hundred of, Wilts . Calseworth, Wapentake of, Lincoln

43

166 192 164 103 87 34 131 1125 158 166 76 ib, 164

199

175

222

ib,

233

164

186

ib,

11

18

60

82

87

ib,

34

199

150

156

145

233

131

125

96

131

244-

INDEX.

Calverley, Parish of, York 166

Calverton, Liberty of, Somerset . 169

Camberwell, Parish of, Surry . 21

Candleshoe, Wapentake of, Lincoln 13L

Canterbury, City of, Kent . 57

Caple le Fern, Parish of, Kent . 156

Carshalton, Parish of, Surry . 90

Chalk, Parish of, Kent 145

Charlton, Parish of, Kent 87, 156

Chatham, Parish of, Kent 145

Cheam, Parish of, Surry 90

Cheriton, Parish of, Kent, . 162

Chillendon, Parish of, Kent . 192

Chippenham, Hundred of, Wilts . 96

Chislehurst, Parish of, Kent . 87

Christ Church, Parish of, Surry . 18

Cirencester, Hundred of, Gloucester 164 Clapham, Parish of, Surry . 21

Cliffe, Parish of, Kent 145

Clifton, Parish of, Gloucester . 12

Cobham, Parish of, Kent 145

Codsheath, Hundred of, Kent . 222

Coldred, Parish of, Kent 156

Cooling, Parish of, Kent 145

Corsliam, Lordship or liberty of, Wilts 96

Cowbitt, Parish of, Lincoln . 110

Crowland, Parish of, Lincoln . Crowthorne, Hundred of, Gloucester 164 Croydon, Parish of, Surry . 90

Cuxtone, Parish of, Kent 145

D.

Damerham, North, Hundred of, Wilts 96

---- South, Hundred of, Wilts 226

Darlaston, Parish of, Stafford . 233

Dartford, Hundred of, Kent . 209

Dawley, Parish of, Salop 150

Deal, Town and Borough of, Kent 160 Deptford, St. Nicholas, Parish of, Kent 87

---- St. Paul's, Parish of, Kent ib.

Derby, TdWn and Borough of, Derby 98 Deritend, Hamlet of, Warwick- . 43

Doncaster, Borough and Soke of, York 83 Dover, Town and Port of, Kent ., -156 Dover Castle, Liberty of, Kent . ib. Dukinfield, Township of, Chester . 229

E.

Easton, Liberty of, Somerset . 169

Eastry, Parish of, Kent 192

Edenbridge, Hundred of, Kent . 222

Edgeley, Hamlet of, Chester . 186

Elham, Parish of, Kent 162

Elloe, Hundred of, Lincoln 110

Elmstone, Parish of, Kent 192

Eltham, Parish of, Kent 87

Ely, Isle of, Cambridge . 138

Eritli, Parish of, Kent 87

Ewell, Parish of, Kent 156

Exeter, City of, and County of the City of, Devon 108

Eythome, Parish of, Kent 192

F.

Faldingworth, Parish of, Lincoln 131

Favershara, Hundred of, Kent . 158

Faversham, Town and Port, Kent ib. Fishtoft, Parish of, Lincoln . 125

Fleet, Parish of, Lincoln 110

Folkestone, Parish of, Kent . 162

---- Town and Port, Kent it.

Foot's Cray, Parish of, Kent . 87

Freiston, Parish of, Lincoln . 125

Friesthorpe, Parish of, Lincoln . 131

Frinsbury, Parish of, Kent 145

G.

Gartree, Wapentake of, Lincoln . 131

Gedney, Parish of, Lincoln 110

Gedney Hill, Parish of, Lincoln . ib.

Geliygare. Parish of, Glamorgan . 238

Gillingham, Parish of, Kent 145

Gloucester, City of . ' . ' . n

---- St. Jacob, Parish of . 12

St. James, Parish of . ib.

---- St. Paul, Parish of . ib.

---- St. Philip, Parish of . ib.

Goodnestone next Wingham, Parish of, Kent .... 192

Gosberton, Parish of, Lincoln . Ill

Gravesend, Town of, Kent 209

Greenwich, East, Parish of, Kent 87 Grimsby, Town & Borough of, Lincoln 175 Guiseley, Parish of, York 166

Guston, Parish of, Kent 156

H.

Hackney, St. John, Parish of, Middlesex 34 Hagnaby, Parish of, Lincoln . 119

Hales Owen, Parish of, Salop and

Worcester . .199

Halifax, Parish of, York 166

Hailing, Parish of, Kent 145

Ham, Parish of, Kent 160

Hampton, Liberty of, Somerset . 169

Han worth, Parish of, Lincoln . 131

Harborne, Parish of, Salop, Stafford and Worcester . 199

Hartishead cum Clifton, Parish of,

York ...... 166

Hatcham, Manor of, Surry 21

Hattersley, Township of, Chester . 229

Haverstoe, Hundred or Wapentake of, Lincoln ...... 175

INDEX.

345

Hrwkeridge, Parish of, Wilt* . 83

Hawkinge, Parish of, Kent 163

Heytesbury, Hundred of, Wilts . 236

High Halstow, Parish of, Kent . 163

Higham, Parish of, Kent 145

Hill, Wapentake of, Lincoln . 131

Holbeacb, Parish of, Lincoln . 110

Holbeach Prove, Parish of, Lincoln Hoo, Parish of, Kent . 145

Horncastle, Soke of, Lincoln 131

Horsmonden, Hundred of, Kent . 333

Hougham, otherwise Huffham, Parish of, Kent .... 156

Huddersfield, Parish of, York . 166

Huffham, otherwise Hougham, Parish of, Kent .... 156

Hull, Kingston upon, York . 70

I.

Lewisham, Parish of, Kent ... 87

Lincoln, Bail of........ 41

---- City of.........

Linley, Parish of, Salop .... 150 little, Hundred of, Kent 87

Littlebourn, Parish of, Kent 193

Liverpool, Town and Port of, Lancaster 54 Llangunider, Parish of, Brecon; 338

London, City of ... 1

Longtree, Hundred of, Gloucester 164 Louth-Eske, Wapentake of, Lincoln 131 Ludborough, Wapentake of, Lincoln ib. Lutton (otherwise Sutton* St. Nicholas) Parish of, Lincoln 110

Lydden, Parish of, Kent 156

Lyminge, Parish of, Kent 163

Lythani, Parish of, Lancaster . 103

M.

Ickham, Parish of, Kent 193

Ipswich, Town and Borough of, Suffolk 314 Isle of Thanet, Kent .

Birchington

Saint John the Apostle - - Peter the Apostle Vill of Wood .

Minster .... Monckton

Ramsgate

Saint Lawrence .

Saint Nicholas .

Sandwich

Sarr ....

Stonar ....

Isle of Wight, Southampton .

K.

Kidderminster, Borough of, Worcester 105 Kighley, Parish of, York 166

King's Lynn, Borough of, Norfolk 100 Kingston-upon-Hull, York 70

Kirburton, Parish of, York 166

Kirby, in Kendal, Westmorland . 85

Kirkharo, Parish of, Lancaster . 103

Kirkheaton, Parish of, York . 166

Kirton, Hundred of, Lincoln . 135

L.

Lambeth, St Mary, Parish of, Sony 18

Lancaster, Duchy of, Middlesex . 31

Langdon, East, Parish of, Kent . 156

Langdoo, West Parish of, Kent . ib. Leake, Parish of, Lincoln 135

Lee, Parish of, Keut ... 87

Lessness, Hundred of, Kent ... ib. Levertou, Parish of, Lincoln ... 135

193

305

ib.

ib.

ib.

193

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

180

Madeley, Parish of, Salop 150

Manchester, Parish of, Lancaster 318

Manley, Wapentake of, Lincoln . 131

Matley, Township of, Chester . 339

Melksham, Hundred of, Wilts . 76

---- Town of, Wilts ib.

Merthyr Tidfil, Parish of, Glamorgan. 338 Middlesex, County of 38

Mile-End Old Town, Parish of, Middlesex .... 34

---- New Town, Hamlet of i6.

Minories, Trinity, Parish of. Tower Hamlets ....

Minster, Parish of. Isle of Thanet Kent 193 Minty, Hundred of, Gloucester . 164

Mirfield, Parish of, York 166

Mitcham, Parish of, Surry *90

Mongeham, Great Parish of, Kent 160

---- little, Parish of, Kent ib.

Monkton, Parish of, Isle of Thanet,

Kent ...... 193

Morden, Parish of, Surry 90

Moulton, Parish of, Lincoln . 110

N.

Newington next Hithe, Parishof, Kent 163

---- St. Mary, Parish of, Sorry 18

Newton, Township of, Chester 339

Nonnington, Parish of, Kent . 193

Northbourne, Parish of, Kent . 160

Norton Falgate, Liberty of, Tower Hamlets .... . 34

O.

Old Artillery Ground, Precinct of 34 Old Swinford, Parish of, Worcester and Stafford .... 117

Orpington, Parish of, Kent . 87

Ospringe, Parish of, Kent 158

INDEX.

P.

Paddlesworth, Parish of, Kent . 162

Patrixbourn, Parish of, Kent . 192

Pattingham, Parish of, Stafford . 23 S

Peak hill, Parish of, Lincoln . 110

Penn, Pariah of, Stafford 233

Pendvryn, Parish of, Brecon . 238

Pinchbeck, Parish of, Lincoln . 110

Phimstead, Parish of, Kent . 87

Poplar, Hamlet of, Middlesex . 34

Porsand, Great, otherwise Postland, Parish of, Lincoln ., . 110

Porsand, little, otherwise Postland, Parish of, Lincoln ... id.

Posnall, Salop .... 150

Postland, Great, otherwise Porsand, Parish of, Lincoln . 110

Postland, Little, otherwise Porsand, Parish of, Lincoln ... it.

Postling, Parish of, Kent . 162

Ponlton, Parish of, Lancaster . 103

Preesall, Township of, Lancaster. it.

Preston next Wingbam, Parish of, Kent 192 Putney, Pariah of. Sorry 60

R.

Radcliffe, Hamlet of, Middlesex . 34

Ramsgate, Vill of. Isle of Thanet, Kent 192 Rapsgate, Handled of, Gloucester 164

Ringwould, Parish of, Kent . 156

Ripple, Parish of, Kent . 160

River, Parish of, Kent . 156

Rochester, City of, Kent . 145

Rokesley, or Ruxley, Hundred of, Kent 87 Rotherhithe, St. Mary, Parish of, Surry 18 Rowley Regis, Parish of, Worcester, Salop, and Stafford 199

Ruxley, or Rokesley, Hundred of, Kent 87

S.

Saint Alban's, Borough of, Hertford 51

---- Catherine's, Precinct of . 34

---- John the Baptist, Parish of, Isle

of Thanet, Kent . 205

---- Lawrence, Parish of. Isle of

Thanet, Kent . 192

---- Margaret's at Cliffe, Parish of, Kent. 156

, ---- Mary Cray, Parish of, Kent 87

---- Nicholas, Parish of. Isle of Thanet, Kent .... 192

---- Peter the Apostle, Parish of, Isle

of Thanet, Kent . 205

Sandwich, Town mad Port of, Kent 192 Sarr, Vill of, Isle of Thanet, Kent id.

Seasalter, Parish of, Kent . 158

Shadwell, St Anne, Parish of . 34

St. Paul, Parish of id.

Sheerness, Ville of, Kent 145

Shepherdswell, otherwise Sibberts* would. Parish of, Kent 192

Sholden, Parish of, Kent 160

Shoreditch, Christ Church, Parish of 34

---- St Leonard, Parish of ib.

Shorae, Parish of, Kent 145

Shrewsbury, Town of, Salop . 153

Sibbertswould, otherwise Shepherds* well. Parish of, Kent ., 192

Skirbeck, Hundred of, Lincoln . 125

Smithfield East, liberty of 34

Snarford, Parish of, Lincoln . 131

Somerden, Hundred of, Kent . 222

Southwark, Borough of, Surry . l8

---- — St. George, Parish of . ib.

— ---- — St. John, Parish of . ib.

---- St Olave, Parish of . ib.

- St. Saviour, Parish of . ib.

---- St. Thomas, Parish of . ib.

Spalding, Parish of, *Lincoln . .110

Stalmine, Township of, Lancaster 103

Stanford, Parish of, Kent . 162

Staple, Parish of, Kent 192

Stayley, Township of, Chester 22$

Stockport Township of, Chester 186

Stodmarsh, Parish of, Kent. 192

Stoke Bishop, Tithing of, in the Parish of Westbury upon Trym, Gloucester . 19

Stonar, Parish of, Isle of Thanet, Kent 192 Stourmouth, Parish of, Kent ib.

Stratford, Bow, St. Mary, Parish of 34

Streatham, Parish of, Surry . 21

Strood, Parish of, Kent; 145

Surfleet, Parish of, Lincoln 111

Sutton, Parish of, Kent 160

---- Parish of, Surry 90

---- St. Edmund's, Parish of, Lincoln ...... 110

* St. James, Parish of, Lincoln ib.

---- St. Mary, Parish of, Lincoln

---- St. Nicholas, otherwise Lut-

ton. Parish of, Lincoln . id.

Swinford, Old, Parish of, Worcester and Stafford .... 117

Swingfield, Parish of, Kent . 162

T.

Tilmanstone, Parish of, Kent . 160

Upton, Parish of, Salop, Stafford, and Worcester .... 199

Toltingtrough, Hundred of, Kent 209

Tonbridge, the Lowey of, Kent . 222

Tong, the Lordship or liberty of, York 166 Trowbridge, Town of, Wilts 76

Tower Hamlets, Middlesex 34

Tower Without, Precinct of . ib.

Trowbridge, Town of, Wilts . 76

Tydd St. Mary's, Parish of, Lincoln 110

INDEX. 247

W.

Walcot, Parish of, Somerset. 169

Waldershare, Parish of, Kent. 192

Wallington, Hundred of, Surry. 89

Waimer, Parish of, Kent 192

Wandsworth, Parish of, Surry . 60

Walshcroft, Wapentake of, Lincoln 131

Wapping, St. George, parish of, Middlesex S4

---- St. John, Parish of . ib.

Warminster, Hundred of, Wilts . 226

Washlingstone, Hundred of, Kent 222

Wednesouiy, Parish of, Stafford . 233

Wednesfiela, Township of, Stafford ib,

Wellclose, Precinct of, 34

Wellow, Hundred of, Somerset . 169

Wenlock, Little, Parish of, Salop . 150

West Bromwich, Parish of, Salop, Stafford, and Worcester 159

Westbury, Hundred of, Wilts . 226

West Langdon, Parish of, Kent . 156

Westerham, Hundred of, Kent . 222

Westminster, City and liberty of, Middlesex. 31

- St. Anne, Parish of. ib.

- St. Clement Danes, Parish of. ib.

- St. George, Hanover Square, Parish of. ib.

- St. James, Parish of . ib.

- St. John the Evangelist, Parish of .

- St. Margaret, Parish of ib.

- St. Martin in the Fields, Parish of. ib.

- St. Mary le Strand, Parish of ib.

- St. Paul, Covent Garden, Parish of . ... ib.

Weston, Parish of, Lincoln 110

Westwood, Parish of, Wilts . 82

Whapload, Parish of, Lincoln Whapload Drove, Parish of, Lincoln Whitechapel, St. Mary, Parish of . Whitfield, otherwise Beausfield, Parish of, Kent .... Whitstable, Parish of, Kent . Whorlsdown, Hundred of, Wilts . Wickhambreux, Parish of, Kent . Wight, Isle of, Southampton. WiHenhall, Township of, Stafford . Willey, Township of, Salop.

Wilmington, Hundred of, Kent Wingham, Parish of, Kent Winsborow, otherwise Woodnesborough. Parish of, Kent Wolverhampton, Township of, Stafford.

Wood, Vill of. Isle of Thanet, Kent Woodnesborough, otherwise Winsborow, Parish of, Kent.

---

Woolwich, Parish of, Kent. 87

Word, otherwise Worth, Parish of, Kent. 192

Wouldham, Parish of, Kent. 145

Wraggoe, Wapentake of, Lincoln. 122

Wrangle, Parish of, Lincoln. 125

Wrotham, Hundred of, Kent. 222

Wymenswould, Parish of, Kent. 192

V.

Vaynor, Parish of, Brecon. 238

Y.

Yarborough, East Division of the Hundred or Wapentake of, Lincoln. 175

- North and South Division of the Wapentake of, Lincoln. 131

Yarmouth, Great, Norfolk. 66

Ystradyfoduck, Parish of, Glamorgan. 238

