A

COLLECTION OF STATUTES

RELATING TO THE

TOWN OF KINGSTON-UPON-HULL,

&c. &c.

A

COLLECTION OF STATUTES

RELATING TO THE

TOWN OF KINGSTON-UPON-HULL,

THE COUNTY OF THE SAME TOWN,

AND

The Parish of Sculcoates, in the County of York;

WITH

A CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT RELATING TO THE SAME PLACES, FROM THE EARLIEST PERIOD TO THE END OF THE REIGN OF GEORGE IV.

AND

A COPIOUS INDEX.

By WILLIAM WOOLLEY, Solicitor.

LONDON:

SIMPKIN AND MARSHALL, STATIONERS' HALL COURT; REES DAVIES, HULL.

MDCCCXXX.

TO

THE MAGISTRATES,

THE CORPORATE AND PUBLIC BODIES,

THE

MEMBERS OF THE PROFESSION TO WHICH HE HAS THE HONOUR TO BELONG,

AND

THE INHABITANTS IN GENERAL

OF KINGSTON-UPON-HULL AND SCULCOATES,

THIS WORK IS DEDICATED,

BY THEIR FAITHFUL SERVANT,

THE COMPILER.

ADVERTISEMENT.

This Publication was undertaken by the Compiler for the purpose of placing within the reach of his Townsmen, a complete Collection of the Acts of Parliament relating to Hull; the want of such a Work has been generally felt and acknowledged, as many of the more ancient Statutes, from lapse of time and other circumstances, have become extremely scarce. The Acts relating to Sculcoates have been added, as that parish may now be considered associated in interest as well as proximity with the town of Hull. He believes that no Act at all affecting either jurisdiction has escaped his attention.

The Acts for lighting, cleansing, and improving the town of Hull having been passed as circumstances rendered necessary, and the later, without expressly repealing the more early Acts, while many of their provisions were materially varied or annulled, have at length grown into a complicated mass, difficult to be understood or administered; the Compiler has endeavoured to lessen this difficulty by a series of notes and references, pointing out how each clause has been altered, repealed, confirmed, or otherwise affected by subsequent enactments. If he has in any degree contributed to render them more easy of application, his labour will not have been in vain.

The various Statutes have been digested under general heads, by which means all the laws relating to each subject are presented at one view. A Table of Contents refers to each of these heads, a Chronological Table, which he has endeavoured to render as accurate as possible, exhibits the order of time in which the Statutes were respectively passed; and, to increase the facility of reference, a copious Index is subjoined.

HULL, October, 1830.

CONTENTS

Chronological Table. xi.

PART I. — CHURCHES.

Class.

1. Holy Trinity Church, Hull. 1

2. Burial Ground for Holy Trinity. 3

3. Christ's Church, Sculcoates. 11

4. Burial Ground for Sculcoates. 20

PART II. — POOR.

1. Poor of Hull. 34

PART III. — IMPROVEMENTS.

1. Streets, Lamps, Watchmen, Drains and Improvement of Hull. 77

2. Market-Place. 152

3. Gaol. 165

4. Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. 169

5. Playhouse. 197

6. Streets, Lights, Watchmen and Improvement of Sculcoates. 198

PART IV. — DOCKS AND NAVIGATION.

1. Ship Docks and Quays. 237

2. Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. 306

3. Ferry- Boat Dock. 322

PART V. — COURTS OF JUSTICE.

1. Court of Requests. 327

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE

OF STATUTES RELATING TO THE TOWN OF KINGSTON-UPON-HULL, THE COUNTY OF THE SAME TOWN, AND THE PARISH OF SCULCOATES,

FROM THE EARLIEST PERIOD TO THE END OF THE REIGN OF GEORGE IV.

With the substance of such of the more curious and important Statutes as are obsolete, have expired, or been repealed; and of such Statutes as have not been considered of sufficient importance for insertion in this collection.

N.B. The Dates up to and including the reign of Queen Anne, are according to "The Statutes of the Realm," published in consequence of the recommendation of the Parliamentary Commissioners.

Those Marks E. R. O. denote as follows, viz.

E. That the Act has expired.

R. That the Act has been repealed.

O. That the Act is obsolete.

# table begins

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. Sec. Subject. Page.

1353 27 Edw. III. Stat. 2. 1 R.8 The Ordinance of the Staples.

That the staple of wools, leather, woolsels and lead shall be at Newcastle-upon-Tine, York, Lincoln, &c.and that all the said wools, as well old as new, woolsels, leather and lead, which shall be carried out of the realm shall be first brought to the said staples, and lawfully weighed by the standard, and that every sack and sarpler of the wools so weighed be sealed by the mayor of the staple, and shall be brought to the Ports under written, that is to say from York to Hull, from Lincoln to St. Botolph, &c. &c.

---

1363-4 38 Edw. 111. 7 r, Of the ordinances made in the 38th year.

Stat. 1. Confirmation of the above.

1464-5 4 Edw. IV. 2 r. For compelling the exportation of wool to the staple at Calais, English wool shall be exported to Calais from the following places only, Southampton, Boston, Hull, &c. &c.

1529 21 Hen. VIII. 17 o. An Act for repealing a grant lately made by the King's Highness to the citizens of York, for the shipping of certain wools to the port of Hull.

1 Recital of the tenor of letters patent, dated the 22nd August 16 Henry VIII. whereby liberty was given to the citizens of York to ship wools

The Statutes relating to the Staple were repraUd by Geo. IV. c. 41, s 5.

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. 8ee. Subject

to the port of Hull and thence to foreign parts, and of the inconveniences arising from the said letters patent.

1 The said letters patent repealed.

2 Proviso as to wools already shipped.

1532-3 24 Hen. VIII. 15 o. An Act concerning the repealing of certain

1 letters patent granted to the mayor, burgesses, and commonalty of the town of Hull. Recital of patent to the corporation of King-ston-upon-Hull against purchase of merchandise there by strangers.

ib.

Tenor of the letters patent dated 21st June,

24 Henry VIII. and the mischief of said letters patent as well to Lincoln, Beverley, Newcastle,

ib. Nottingham as York, (whereunto the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull is port) and all other towns and boroughs in Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, and Yorkshire.

The said letters patent repealed.

1535-6 27 Hen. VIII. 3 R. An Act for avoiding of exactions taken at Kingston-upon-Hull.

1 Recital of excess in toll taken on the sale of

A ib. herrings, sprats and other fish at Kingston-upon-Hull.

Rates of toll to be taken in future.

ib. Sellers of fish there shall be well treated.

ib. Officers taking excessive toll, Ac. shall be fined by the lords of the council.

2 None but freemen of Hull shall sell fish there by retail.

1540 32 Hen. VIII. 18 e. An Act for re-edifying of towns.

1 Recital of the decay of houses in York, Lincoln, Kingston-upon-Hull, Ac. Ac.

ib. If the owners of grounds on which decayed houses stood do not re-edify the same within three years, the lords of whom they are holden may re-enter and re-build within two years

next after.

ib. In their default persons having rent charges thereout may enter and re-build within one year then next ensuing.

ib. In their default the mayors, Ac. of towns

may enter and re-build within three years then next ensuing.

ib. And in their default the first owners may again re-enter as in their former estate.

2 Saving for infants, femes covert, Ac.

1541-2 33 Hen. VIII. 33 0. A Bill for the privileges of Kingston-upon-Hull.

1 Recital of the expence of maintaining the town of Kingston-upon-Hull and the walls and fortresses thereof.

ib. Recital of duties on fish formerly payable for these purposes.

ib. Recital of 27 Henry VIII. c. 3. repealing the said duties and granting small tonnage duties.

ib. Decay of the wails in consequence.

ib. Recited act repealed.

Repealed by 33 Heo. VIII. c. 33.

Mayor, Ac. may collect certain duties on herrings, Ac.

None shall be charged with any higher duty than before the 27 Hen. VIII. c. 3.

1545

37 Hen. VIII.

18

1

3

4

5

6

An Act for the erection of the honors of

Westminster, Kingston, Saint Osythe and

Donington.

The King empowered by patent during his life to erect an honor at the town ofKingston-upon-Hull and other places therein mentioned.

Free and copyhold tenants owing suit to any of the said manors shall preserve their tenures.

Provisoes for leases of the said manors.

General saving of titles of strangers.

The said honour to be under the survey, Ac. of the court of augmentations.

1558-9

1562-3

1584-5

1660

1 Eliz.

5 Elia.

27 Eliz.

12 Car. II.

11

15

1

7

1

14

An Act limiting the times for laying on land merchandise from beyond the seas, and touching customs for sweet wines.

All goods (except fish) shall be laden and discharged in the day time, and at open wharfs, Ac. where officers of customs are resident (Hull only excepted.)

Customer of Hull shall have a deputy constantly resident at the city of York.

B. An Act touching certain politic constitutions made for the maintenance of the navy. Corporation of Hull may take toll under 33 Henry VIII. c. 33, but shall not export salt fish.

An Act for the bringing in of staple fish and herrings into this realm.

Herrings, staple fish, and ling may be imported into York, Boston, Grimsby, Kingston-upon-Hull, Ac.

b. A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandise exported or imported. Schedule.

The merchants of York, Kingston-super-Hull and Newcastle-upon-Tine, and the members thereof, shall be allowed free of custom and subsidy, two of the northern cloths and kersies in tenn to be shipped in those ports in the names of double wrappers as formerly hath been there allowed them.

1661 ' 1662

13 Car. II. Stat. 2.

14 Car. n.

2

11

An Act for dividing Trinity Church, Kingston-upon-Hull, from Hassle.

An Act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs.

7 Wharfinger, Ac. landing, or suffering to be landed prohibited or uncustomed goods (except in the port of Hull under Stat. 1 Eliz. c. 11. without the presence of, or notice to officer, subject to penalties.

15 Recites 1 Eliz. c. 11.

Further ports may be assigned by commissions out of the Exchequer (except Hull.)

1

A.D. Yew of Reign. Cap Sec Subject. Page

1697-8 9& 10 Gul.HI. 47 1 ib. 2 3 4 6 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 r. An Act for erecting wdrkhouses and houses of correction in the town of Kingston-upon- Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there. Recites that, it was found by experience that the poor in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull do daily multiply, and through idleness or want of employment and sufficient authority to compel them thereunto, become indigent and disorderly; and, that many poor children that might be taught to get themselves a maintenance, are accustomed to begging and wandering; against which public mischief sufficient redress hath not been provided. It is enacted, that from 1st June, 1698, there shall be a corporation consisting of the Mayor, recorder and aldermeD, and twenty-four other persons to be elected by the inhabitants, paying 2d. per week poor rates. That the corporation be called the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians of the poor, may sue and be sued by that name, may purchase lands and elect officers. Penalty on persons elected officers, not serving. Time and manner of holding courts. Corporation empowered to have a Common Seal, make By-Laws, purchase and erect Work-houses, take up idle persons, and set children to work and bind them apprentices. Court may inflict punishment on poor persons misbehaving. Sums necessary for erecting Workhouse (not exceeding £2000,) and for maintenance of the poor (not exceeding what had been paid in any one of the preceding years) to be certified by the corporation to the Mayor, Recorder and Aldermen, who shall cause the same to be raised and levied by taxation of every inhabitant, and of all lands, houses, tythes impropriate, appropriation of tythes, and all stocks and estates in the said town and the lordship of Myton, in equal proportions according to their respective values, and apportion the same upon each parish and precinct within the said town, and shall cause the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of each respective parish to assess and levy the same, and to pay the same unto the treasurer or treasurers of the said corporation for the time being. Persons aggrieved may appeal. If Mayor refuse to issue warrant for the assessment of the rate, corporation empowered to issue warrants for that purpose. Any person giving £50 may be elected a guardian. Corporation to provide for the poor, and set idle persons to work. Alms Houses not to be subject to the corporation. Corporation may choose other officers and allow them salaries.

xr

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. Sec. SutyecL

- 14 15 16 17 18 Officers exempted from Penalties of 25 Charles 11. for preventing dangers from popish recusants. Officers to account, &c. Penalties how to be levied. Charitable donations to be paid to the corporation. Persons sued may plead the general issue, and give special matter in evidence. Act declared to be a public act.

1698-9 11 Gul. III. 18 8 ib. ib. R. An Act for the more effectual punishment of vagrants, and sending them whither by law they ought to be sent. Recital, that there is an ancient hospital or corporation in the town of Kingston* upon-Hull, called or known by the name of the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots seamen of the Trinity-House, in Kingston-upon-Hull, founded upon the encouragement of shipping and navigation, and for the relief of poor distressed seamen, their widows and children, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull. And reciting that by an act passed in the 9th and 10th Gul. III. intituled " An Act for erecting workhouses and houses of correction, in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there," wherein is contained a clause, that all charitable gifts, devises and dispositions that shall hereafter be given, devised, or disposed to or for the use of the said town, or of any place within the same, shall be paid to the corporation in the said act mentioned, to and for the use of the poor of the said town; by which clause all gifts made by seafaring men, or others, well disposed for the endowment of the said hospital of the Trinity-House, in Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better and further maintenance of the said distressed seamen, their widows and children, are or may be prevented or discouraged to bestow any charitable benefaction thereon, lest the same should be or be claimed, to be applied to the use of the poor of the said town, in general, contrary to the intention of such benefactors, by means whereof the said hospital is likely to be greatly prejudiced by the clause aforesaid, and other clauses in the said act. It is enacted that the said clause shall be repealed, and that neither the said clause, or any other thing in the said act contained, shall affect the said hospital or corporation of the Trinity-House, or to the prejudice of the poor belonging thereto, but shall stand repealed and void.

1707 6 Anne. 62 An Act for the public registering of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances within the East Riding of the county of York, or the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, after the 29th Sept. 1708.

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. Sec. Subject. Page.

2 14 15 16 19 It is enacted that a memorial of all deeds and conveyances executed after the 29th Sept. 1708, and of all wills and devises in writing of persons dying after that date affecting lands, Ac. in the said East Riding, or in the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, may be registered, and all deeds, conveyances or wills not registered, shall be deemed fraudulent and void against subsequent purchasers for a valuable consideration. A public register office established at Beverley. Memorials of wills to be registered within six months after the death of devisor or testatrix, in England; and within three years after the death of devisor or testatrix beyond sea. If wills contested, a memorial of such contest to be registered. Bargain and sale enrolled at register office, as effectual as in the courts at Westminster. No judgment to affect lands until registered, crown excepted. (Kj* For other clauses see the act.

1709 8 Anne 24 1 ib. ib. 2 a. An Act for the more effectual provision for the poor in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull. Recites 9 and 10 Gul. III. c. 47. That the poor had so increased, that the yearly assessments fell short of answering the necessity of such poor. It is enacted that after the 1st May, 1710, the corporation constituted by the recited act, shall assess such further sum annually, not exceeding £130 per annum, to be employed for the purposes mentioned in the former act, all the clauses of which were confirmed. No person shall be assessed towards the raising of the said assessment who was not or shall not hereafter be assessed by virtue of the former act at 2d. or more per week.

1716 3 Geo. L 15 An act for the better regulating the office of sheriffs, and for ascertaining their fees, and, the fees for suing out their patents and, passing their accounts. The schedule or list in the act mentioned, , Civit. Norwich, ViL Kingston super Hull, Yil. Nott. Ac.

1742 16 Geo. H. 10 1 r. An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual two acts of parliament, one passed in the 9th and 10th years of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Thind, for erecting workhouses, and houses of correction, in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there; and the other passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual provision of the poor in the said town. Recites 9 and 10 Gul. III. c. 18. and 8 Anne c. 24.

12

That, by reason of the great increase in the number of inhabitants in the said Town since the making of the said recited act, (which is computed to be about one half more than it was then, and is yet increasing) the poor is become so numerous that the sums raised, with the revenues and other incomes of the said corporation, are not sufficient for the maintenance of the said poor. It is enacted, that after the 1st May, 1742, the corporation shall be empowered to ascertain and certify such sum as shall be necessary for the maintenance of the poor, not exceeding in any one year £650, to be apportioned and assessed by the Mayor &c.

Disposition of the Money.

Penalty for neglect of duty.

Power to deduct charges of distraining.

Corporation invested with powers of the former act.

Power to displace or remove Guardians.

All the powers of former act to extend to this act.

Mayor and Aldermen not to make alterations in assessments, but in open court at Quarter Sessions on appeal.

Limitation of actions.

Persons sued may plead the general issue, and give special matter in evidence, and recover treble costs.

Act declared to be a public act.

1744 1 7 Geo. II.

1745

18 Geo. II.

1745: 18 Geo. II.

1748

21 Geo. II.

25

16 |

28 Geo. II.

27

e. An Act for repairing the Road between the town of Kingston-upon-Hull and the town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the county of York.

e. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirkella, in the county of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

b. An Act for repairing the Road leading from a gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the south east side of the town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the county of York, through the .said town to Hull Ndrth Bridge.

An Act for vesting the equity of redemption of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Kingston-upon-Hull, and the county of York, late the estate of George Dawson, Esq. deceased, in Roper Dawson, his eldest son and heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the several incumbrances affecting the same, and to make a provision for his brothers and sisters.

r.* An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual several acts of parliament relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for better paving, preserving, and cleans-

Repealed bo far as relates to the Poor.

C

A.D. Y«ar of Reign. Cap. Sec. Subject. P*W-

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 1C 1 ing the streets, squares, lanes, and alleys, in the said town, and preventing obstructions therein, and for preserving the lamps which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners. Recites 9 and 10 Gul. HI, c. 47. 8 Anne, c. 24. 15 Geo. 11. c. 10. That, by reason of the continual increase of the poor in the said town, under the care of the said corporation, since the last recited act, the sum of £650 thereby provided to be allowed, and yearly raised, as aforesaid, together with the revenues and other incomes of the said corporation are not sufficient to maintain the said poor. It is enacted, That after the 1st May, 1755, the said Corporation shall certify unto the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the said town in manner as in the first recited act is prescribed, what weekly, monthly, or other sum or sums of money shall be necessary for the maintenance of the poor of the said town, under the care of the corporation, so as the sum or sums to be certified as aforesaid, do not in any one year exceed in the whole the sum of £1000, except as thereinafter mentioned, which shall be raised, assessed, and levied, as in the recited acts are directed. Disposition of the money. Power for the Governor, deputy Governor, and Guardians, to certify such additional sums as may be necessary, to the Mayor, Ac. to be assessed, raised, and levied, as by the recited acts is prescribed. Seven days to be allowed to the Mayor and Aldermen to issue their warrants for such assessment, and seven days after such assessment for levying and paying the sums so assessed. The Governor, or Deputy Governor, and six Guardians to be a court, or assembly, for all the purposes of this act, or the recited acts, (except as to certifying for additional sums.) Persons not providing for their wives, or children, to be taken up and set to work in the workhouse. Governor during the intervals of courts to order reasonable punishment on persons in the workhouse misbehaving. In case of death or removal of Guardians, others to be chosen - Overseers to collect arrears during three months after their office shall have expired. Not to take away or lessen the power of the corporation to levy upon the goods of overseers such sums as he should have collected, levied, or paid. Recited acts continued (except such clauses &c. as are thereby or by any other act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for.) Lamps, Scavengers, &r. 77

1761

2 Geo. III.

38

An Act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small Debts, within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

327

1761

1763

2 Geo. III.

4 Geo. III.

1763 4 Geo. III.

17G7

1767

7 Geo. 111.

7 Geo. III.

70

66

74

70

71

1769 8 & 9 Geo. Ill,

1769 8&9 Geo. III.

1769

8 & 9 Geo. III.

17

79

111

An Act to amend and render more effectual several acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

84

B. An Act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the 17th year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the town of Beverley, in the East-Riding of the county of York, and for repairing the road from Newland Bridge to the west end of the town of Cottingham, in the said Riding.

An Act for amending and supplying the deficiencies of an act passed in the 2nd year of the reign of his present Majesty, King George the III. intituled," An Act to amend and render more effectual several acts for cleansing, and enlightening the Streets of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein."

E. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the 18th y^ar of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirkella, in the county of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

B. An Act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the 18th year of King George II. for repairing the road from Sacred Gate, on the south east side of the town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the county of York, through the said town to Hull North Bridge, and for amending the road from the present Turnpike Bar, in Wyton Holmes, through the townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the guide post in Flinton Lane, near Hum-bleton Moor House, in the same Riding.

91

An Act for enabling his Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the city of York, and in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

197

E. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hessle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the gravel pit at Cottingham, in the county of York.

An Act for vesting in Trustees, several real Estates late of Jane Torre, widow, deceased, in Hessle, Tranby, Anlaby, and elsewhere, within the county of the town of Kingst on-upon-Hull, which were given and devised by her will, to and for the benefit of the

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. j Sec. Subject.

Rev. Mr. James Torre, clerk, her son, and his children, upon trust to sell the same, and apply the money to arise by the sale, in manner therein expressed.

1771 11 Geo. III. 38 An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain common pasture called My ton Carr, in the Lordship of Myton, in the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

1774 14 Geo. III. 56 An Act for making and establishing public quays or wharfs, at Kingston-upon-Hull; for the better securing his Majesty's revenues of customs; and for the benefit of commerce in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, for making a bason or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, for the accommodation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty; and for applying certain sums of money out of his Majesty's customs, at the said port, for those purposes; and for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston-upon-Hull.

1774 14 Geo. III. 117 e. An Act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the 9th year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Beverley, to the ferry at Hessle, and from the Malton guide post, to the gTavel pit at Cottingham, in the county of York, and for repairing and widening other roads therein mentioned.

1779 19 Geo. III. 48 An Act to explain so much of an act made in the 12th year of the reign of King Charles 11. intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this Kingdom, and other his Majesty's dominions, of goods and commodities of the growth or proproduction of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign parts; for preventing masters of ships removing their vessels out of the stream, except to the lawful quays, in the port of London, before their goods are discharged, or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers, inwards or outwards; and for allowing the officers of customs and excise to make use of lights on board ships in the haven, dock, or bason, at the port of Kingston-upon-Hull. ...

1783 23 Geo. III. 55 An Act for building a new Gaol for the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; for purchasing an additional burial ground, for the use of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town; for regulating the fares of hackney coachmen, chairmen, and porters, and the prices of carriage of goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps, for ascertaining the breadth of party walls; and for preventing

237

272

xxi

Am D. Year of Reign. Cap. Sec. Satyect. Page.

certain nuisances within the said town, liberties, and precincts thereof, for amending an act of the 14th year of the reign of his present Majesty for making and establishing public quays or wharfs, at Kingston-upon-Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain staiths in the said act described, and for other purposes. Burial Ground. Improvements, Ac. Gaol. Quays. 3 103 165 273

1785 25 Geo. III. 81 2 r. An Act for the better securing the duties payable on Tobacco. Enacts, that Tobacco shall not be imported as therein mentioned, other than directly from some port or place in his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or in the United States of America, respectively, and into some one or other of the ports or places thereinafter mentioned in Great Britain, that is to say, London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, and Greenock.

1786 26 Geo. III. 107 17 r. An Act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the Militia, in that part of Great Britain called England. For the East Riding of the County of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 400 Men.

1788 28 Geo. III. 24 An Act to exchange lands and hereditaments between the trustees of a charity estate, in Hessle Wood, in the parish of Hesste, in the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and Joseph Robinson Pease, Esq.

1788 28 Geo. III. 95 B. An Act for continuing the terms and powers of two acts passed in the 18th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the II. and the 7th year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirkella, in the county of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

1789 29 Geo. III. 39 An Act for vesting certain parts of the real estates, late of Francis Bine, of the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, merchant, deceased, in trustees to sell and convey the same, and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the manner and upon the trusts therein mentioned.

1789 29 Geo. III. 68 14 An Act for repealing the duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting uew duties in lieu thereof. Enacts, that no tobacco or snuff whatever shall be imported or brought into any part of

A.D. Year of Reign. Cep. Sec. Subject P«*e-

Great Britain, except the ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouth, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith.

1791 31 Geo. III. 30 48 R. An Act for regulating the importation and exportation of Corn, Ac. Inspectors to be appointed at Hull, Whitby, &c.

.1792 32 Geo. III. 109 An Act for inclosing and draining Hessle, Anlaby, and Tranby, and making compensation in lieu of tithes for land at Wooferton, &c.

1792 32 Geo. III. 136 B. An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts passed in the 17th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the II. and the 4th year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the town of Beverley in the East-Riding of the county of York, and for repairing the road from Newland Bridge to the west end of the town of Cottingbam, in the said Riding.

1793 33 Geo. III. 157 B. An Act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts passed in the 18th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the II. and the 7th year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the south east side of the town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the county of York, through the said town to Hull North Bridge, and for amending the road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding.

1794 34 Geo. III. 108 An Act to enable Joseph Robinson Pease, Esq. and Anne his wife, and Robert Copeland Pease, Esq. and the Guardians of the children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease, and Robert Copeland Pease, respectively during their minority, to grant building leases of certain messuages, mills, lands, grounds, tenements, and hereditaments, in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and in the parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, in the County of York.

1795 35 Geo. III. 5 r. An Act for raising a certain number of Men in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's Navy. For the East Riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of King-ston-upon-Hull, 175 Men.

1795 35 Geo. III. 9 r. An Act for procuring a supply of Men from the several ports of this Kingdom for the service of his Majesty's Navy. For the port of Hull, 731 Men.

1795

35 Geo. III.

46

An Act for laying out and making a new Street from Whitefriargate to the south end of Quay Street, within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

1796

1796

36 Geo. III.

68

37 Geo. III.

3

3

An Act for dividing, alloting, inclosing and improving the open fields, commons, and waste grounds within the several townships of West-Ella, Kirk-Ella and Willerby in the County of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and within that part of Willerby which lies in the County of York.

B. An Act for providing an augmentation to the Militia, to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied in case of necessity, for the defence of these Kingdoms.

For the East Riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 861 Men.

179 6

1798

1798

37 Geo. III.

38 Geo. III.

38 Geo. in.

52

63

r. An Act for raising a certain number of Men in the several counties in England for the service of his Majesty's Army and Navy.

For the East Riding of the county of York with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 227 for the Navy.

An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments and other proceedings which arise within the counties of certain cities and towns corporate within this Kingdom.

York shall be considered as the next adjoining county to the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

An Act for draining, preserving and improving the low grounds and carrs lying in the several parishes, lordships, townships, hamlets, precincts and territories of Beverley, St. John of Beverley, Grovehill, Sandholme, Storkbill, Molescroft, Leckonfield, Arram, Scarbrough, Lockington, Ayke, Berwick, Wilfholme, Kiln wick, Watton, Hutton Crans-wick, Rotsea, Featherholme, Skerne, Brig-holme, Fisholme, Nafferton, Lowthorpe, Harpham, Little Kelk, Foston, Burton Agnes, Gransmoor, Lissett, Barmston, Ulram otherwise Ouram, Skipsea, Dringhoe, Beeford, North Frodingham, Brandegburton, Moor-town, Leven, Emmotland, Hempholme, Goodhill House, and Struncheon Hill, all in the East Riding of the county of York.

1799

39 Geo. HI.

13

112

e. An Act to repeal the duties imposed by an Act made in the last session of parliament for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose by granting certain duties upon income in lieu of the said duties.

Provided always and belt farther enacted, That within and for the several cities, towns

and places hereinafter mentioned, viz. Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Norwich and Edinburgh, and also such other cities, tow ns and places in Great Britain, being respectively counties of themselves for which the said jurors for the respective counties at large as aforesaid shall think proper that commercial commissioners should be named, there shall be appointed by the respective persons acting SB magistrates or justices of the peace for such cities, towns and places respectively, being counties of themselves as aforesaid, so many persons qualified as hereinafter is required, to be commercial commissioners within and for such cities, towns and places respectively, and within and for such parishes, Ac.

1799

39 Geo. III.

106

1800

39, 40 Geo. III.

10

s. An Act for the reduction of the Militia forces at the time and in manner therein limited; for enabling his Majesty more effectually to increase his regular forces for the vigorous prosecution of the war, and for amending the laws relating to the militia. For the East Riding of the county of York with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 1056 Men.

An Act for the appointment and regulation of Pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the salvage for anchors, cables and other ship's materials found in the river Humber; and for the better ascertaining the tonnage of ballast lighters employed at the said port.

306

1801

41 Geo. III.

1801

1802

41 Geo. III.

42 Geo. III.

30

65

12

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places within the parish of Sculcoates in the Eiast Riding of the county of York, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroach- I ments and obstructions, and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, coal carriers and water carriers, trucks, carts, and other carriages within the said parish. ....

198

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market-Place of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and making a commodious street from thence to the river Humber, with a dock and wharf or landing place for the ferry and market boats belonging and resorting to the said town.

s. An Act to regulate until the 25th March, 1803, the number of private militia men in the several counties, ridings and places therein mentioned and for supplying of vacancies in the militia.

For the East Riding of the county of York with the town and county of the town of King*ton-upon-Hull, 423 Men.

152

322

1802

1802

42 Geo. III.

90

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia.

For the East Riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 564 Men.

42 Geo. ni.

91

An Act for amending an act passed in the 14th year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An Act for making and establishing public quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing his Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit of commerce in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, for making a bason or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works for the accommodation of vessels using the said port, and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain sums of money out of his Majesty's customs at the said port for those purposes, and for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and also for making additional basons or docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an entrance into the same, from the river Humber, and for granting certain lands belonging to his Majesty in aid of the said works.

276

1803

43 Geo. III.

E. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England, an additional Military force for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

2 For the East Riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, 452Men.

1803

43 Geo. III.

114

An Act for effecting the sale of an unsettled copyhold estate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann, Infants; and to John Wray, Esq. and Molly Wray, Bingley, Spinster, in undivided shares in fee simple, and for investing the purchase monies of the Infants' shares in other real estates to be conveyed to the Infants in fee simple, in lieu of such shares.

1805

45 Geo. III.

49

B. An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act made in[lbe 43rd year of his present Majesty, for granting a contribution on the profits arising from property, professions, trades and offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for each of the cities and towns hereinafter mentioned, viz. London, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Norwich, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Man-1 Chester, King's Lynn, and Great Yarmouth, it shall be lawful for the persons hereinafter

d

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. Sec. Subject. Page.

mentioned, to choose eight persons to be commissioners, &c.

1805 45 Geo. III. j 42 An Act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act passed in the 42nd year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making additional basons or docks at Kingston-upon-Hull. 297

1806 46 Geo. III. I 65 10 b. An Act for granting to his Majesty during the present war, and until the 6th day of April next, the after ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, further additional rates and duties in Great Britain on the rates and duties on profits arising from property, professions, trades and offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the 45th year of his present Majesty, for repealing certain parts of an Act made in the 43rd year of his present Majesty, for granting a contribution on the profits arising from property, possessions, trades and offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said duties. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for each of the cities and towns hereinafter mentioned, viz. London, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Norwich, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Great Yarmouth, it shall be lawftil for the persons hereinafter mentioned, to choose Commissioners, &c.

1807 48 Geo. III. 53 E. An Act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of three Acts of his late and present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk-Ella, in the county of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

1808 48 Geo. III. 109 An Act to amend and enlarge the powers of an Act passed in the 2nd year of his present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull. 336

1810 50 Geo. III. 41 An Act for watching and more effectually lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving of Trippet, and the lordship or precinct of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the liberty Myton, in the parish of the Holy Trinity in the said town, and for preventing nuisances therein, and also for preventing frauds and impositions in the quality, measure and delivery of coals sold in the said town, and the neighbourhood thereof. . 108

1811 51 Geo. III. 4 1 An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts of his present Majesty for repairing and widening the road from Beverley to the Ferry at Ilessle, and from the Malton

A.D. Year of Reign. (Dip. [8

1812 52 Geo. HI. 38

1812 52 Geo. 111. 21

1812 52 Geo. III. 22

1814 54 Geo. III. 77

1817 57 Geo. III. 21

1821 1 A2 Geo. IV. r45 t

1821 1 A 2 Geo. TIL 75

14

34

Subject.

Guide Post, to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, In Jb* county of York.

B. An Act for amending the laws relating to the local militia in England.

For the East Riding of the county of York,

with the town and county of the town of

Kmgston-upon-Hull, 2256 Men.

An Act for enlarging the terra and powers of an Act of King George the Second, and two Acts of his Majesty, for repairing the road from Hedon to Hull, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of York.

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of an Act of King George the Secondhand two Acts of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Hull to Beverley, and from New-land Bridge to Cottingham, in the county of York.

An Act for building a church or chapel of ease in the parish of Scul coates in the East Riding of the county of York.

An Act for, providing an additional Burial Ground for the; parish of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the county of York.

An Act for lighting with gas the town of Kingston-upon*Hull, and certain other places adjacent thereto.

An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing frauds and depredations com-, mitted on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters by Boatmen and others, and also for remedying certain defects relative to the adjustment of salvage in England, under an Act made in the 12th year of Queen Anne.

Proviso for rights of Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and

Scarborough.

Psge.

11

20

169

1821

1 & 2 Geo. IY.

87

3

r. An Act to repeal certain Acts passed in the 31st, 33rd, 44th and 46th years of his late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour into, and from Great Britain, and to make further provisions in lieu thereof.

Appointment of towns for making weekly returns, Howden, Hull, Whitby, Ac.

4 Geo. 4.

64

An Act for consolidating and amending the laws relating to the building, repairing, and regulating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction, in England and Wales.

Schedules to which this act refers. — Schedule (A.) Gloucester, Kingston-upon-Hull, Leicester, Ac.

A.D. Year of Reign. Cap. Sec. Subject. Page.

1824 5 Geo. IV. 13 An Act for the better maintenance, employment, and regulation of the poor of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for repairing or rebuilding the workhouse there. Si

1824 5 Geo. IV. 13 An Act for inclosing lands in the township of Ferriby, Swanland, Kirk-Ella, West-EIla, and Willerby, in the parishes of Ferriby and Kirk-Ella, in the'eounty of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull/

1824 5 Geo. IV. 52 An Act to amend so much of an act of the 42nd year of his late Majesty, for making additional basons or docks, at Kingston-upon-Hull, as relates to certain lands belonging to his Majesty. . 343

1825 6 Geo. IV. 50 2 An Act for consolidating and amending the laws relative to jurors and juries. All pilots licensed by the Trinity-House of Deptford Strond, Kingston-upon-Hull, or Newcastle-upon-Tyne, exempted from serving.

1825 1825 1827 8 Geo. IV. 6 Geo. IV. 7A8 Geo. IV. 125 152 58 6 2 An Act for the amendment of the law respecting pilots and pilotage, and also for the better preservation of floating lights, buoys, and beacons. Trinity Houses of Hull and Newcastle may appoint sub-commissioners of pilotage to examine pilots. An Act for making and maintaining a turnpike road from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, through the town of Hessle, to the east end of the town of Ferriby, all in the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull. R. An Act to make provision for ascertaining from time to time the average prices of British Corn. Weekly returns to be made in the following cities and towns, viz .: London, Ac. Howden Hull, Whitby, Ac.

1828 9 Geo. IV. 60 8 An Act to amend the laws relating to the importation of Com. Weekly returns to be made in the following cities and towns, viz: London, Ac. Sheffield, Hull, Whitby, Ac.

1829 10 Geo. IV. 92 An Act for improving and maintaining the road from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull to Kirk-Ella, in the county of the said town.

1830 11 Geo. IV. 96 An Act for making and maintaining a new turnpike road, from the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the county of the said town, to Hedon, in the county of York.

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES,

&C. &.C.

PART I. — CHURCHES.

CLASS I. — HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, HULL.

13 Car. II. Stat. 2. Cap. 2. 1GG1.

An Act for dividing Trinity Church, in Kingston upon Hull, from Hassle.

WHEREAS heretofore the Trinity Church of the Towne of Kingston- Reciui that vpon-Hall, in the county of the same Towne, hathe beene held as parcel 1 Trinity Church and annexed to the viccarridge of Hassle, and soe called and stiled the

Viccarridge of Hassle cum Hull, which by reason of the distance of the Vicarage of church there and populousnesse of the said Towne of Kingston upon Hull, He»lc. hathe beene and is very inconvenient.

II. And whereas it is thought fitting and necessary, for the better accom- That it is necc*-modation and conveniency of the severall inhabitants of Hassle and Kingston mry to make *pen Hull, that the same bee made distinct and several viccarridges, and that *h.cm *ePar»te the said Towne of Kingston upon Hull have a Viccar distinct of itselfe and lcara«es* divided, and the viccarridge thereof bee a distinct and separate viccarridge

from the viccarridge of Hassle, otherwise called Hassle cum Hull, and that a distinct maintenance bee sett apart and provided for an able minister for the mid towne of Kingston upon Hull, as is hereafter expressed.

HI. Bee it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and a, d Trinity Comons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority Church divided thereof, that the said Towne of Kingston upon Hull and Church or Chappell from Hele* there, comonly' called or knowne by the name of Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull bee divided, separated, and exempted from the said viccarridge of Hassle, and from all dependencies, offices, and charges in respect thereof, and from the Cure of the Viccar of the said Parish of Hassle xnd their respective Successors, and shall for ever hereafter bee and remaine discharged of Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, portions of Tythes, Mortuaries, Discharged of Cuter Bookes, and other parochiall duties and demands of that nature what- Tythe, parochial soever of the Viccar and Viocarsof the said parish of Hassle, heretofore (ailed Hassle cum Hull, and their successors.

I


13 Car. II. c. 2.

Trinity Thurch to be a Pariah Church.

Mayor and Alder, men of Hull to Morainate Vicar,

T > Le approved by the Km#; ,

And presented to the Arch, bishop of York.

Vicar to he incorporate.

Vicar to hare Vicarage House.

And all Lands fee.

And all Tythes, garocliial Duties

Vicar's Salary to he raised by a Rate.

To he levied by Distress and Sale or Action.

Trinity Church, Hull. [part I.

IV. And bee it further enacted, That the said Church or Chappell, now being in the said Towne of Kingston upon Hull, and comonly called or knowne by the name of the Church of the holy and indmded Trinity, or Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull, formerly belonging to the said Viccarridge of Hassle, shall bee a Parish Church of itselfe, distinct and separate from Hassle, for the inhabitants within the limitts and precincts of the said Trinity Church, and that the Maior and Aldermen of the saide Towne of Kingston upon Hull for the tyme being, or the maior part of them shall and may from tyme to tyme nominate some fitt person to bee Viccar of the said Church, to bee approved of by the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors under his or their signe manual I, and after such nomination and approbation as aforesaid, to bee presented by the said Maior and Aldermen, or the maior part of them, under the comon seale of the Corporacon of the saide Towne of Kingston upon Hull, together with His Maie&ties said approbation to the Archbisshop of Yorke, in order to his institution and induction as often as the same shall become void, and the Viccar of the said Church and his successors shal bee incorporate, and shall have capacitie and succession by the name of the Viccar of the Parish Church of the holy and individed Trinity of Kingston upon Hull, and shall have the cure of the soules of the inhabitants within the said limitt and precinct distinct from the Parish and Viccar of Hassle, and the same shall hold and enioy to him and his lawfull successors for ever.

V. And the said Viccar and his successor shall have all that Messuage, or Tenement, in Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, comonly called or knowne by the name of the Viccarridge Howse, with the Yards, Gardens, and Appur* tenances thereunto belonging, late in the tenure or occupation of William Styles, Clerke, sometimes Viccar there, and all Howses, Lands and Tenements in Kingston upon Hull, late belonging to the said Viccar of Hassle cum Hull, and shall for ever hereafter have and receive allTythes, Oblations, Obventions, portions of Tythes, Mortuaries, Blaster Bookes, and other Parochiall and Legall Duties and demands of that nature whatsoever, IsLte belonging to the Viccar of Hassle cum Hull, in the said Towne of Kingston-vpon Hull.

VJ. And for the better maintenance of the said Viccar, Bee it farther enacted by the authoritye aforesaid. That theyearely some of One Hundred Pounds over and above the value of the Howse and Gardens and other particulars before mentioned shal bee from henceforth charged upon the Howses, Lands and Tenements, of the Inhabitants of the said parish or pTecinct belonging to Trinity Church aforesaid, lying and being within the said Parish or Precinct in manner and forme following, (viz.) the Maior and Aldermen of the Burrough or Towne of Kingston upon Hull for the tyme being or any foure of them shall from tyme to tyme, yearely, within ten dayes next after the Feast of St. Martin the Bishop, in winter, send out their warrants to such eighteene inhabitants of the said Burrough or Towne as they shall thinke fitt, to assesse and rate every inhabitant within the said parish or precinct, (not exceeding the sume of eightpence) upon every twenty shilling rent, according to the rate of the Howse, Lands, and Tenements that any person dwelleth in, vseth, and imployeth, in the said parish or prcciuct which said sumes soe assessed, being confirmed and allowed by the said Maior and Aldermen, or any foure of them, shal bee collected by such person or persons as the said Maior and Aldermen, or any foure of them shall from tyme to tyme nominate and appoint to collect the same at.two vsual Feasts in the yeare, (viz.) At the feast of the Nativity of our Lord God, and the Feast of St. John Baptist, the first collection to begin as aforesaid, at or after the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord God.

VII. And bee it further enacted, That if the said severall sumes soe charged as aforesaid, bee not paid in manner aforesaid upon demand thereof, that then the said Maior and Aldermen, or any six of them shall or may from tyme to tyme authorize any person or persons to leavy the same by distresse and sale of the goods of such persons as shal bee soe in arreare, reterning the overplus to the owner, or else recover the same in an accon of debt, to bee brought in any of His Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, or before the Maior and Sheriffe of the said Towne of Kingston upon Hull, wherein no wager of law shal bee allowed to the defendant.

Class II.]

Burial Ground for Holy Trinity.

Vin.^And it h further enacted, That such person or persons as shall collect the same, shall out of the money soe by them received, pay vnto the aid Viccar for the tyme being and his successors, the yearely sume of One Hundred Pounds, the said sume to bee payd to the said Viccar for the tyme being by equall portions, at the two vsuall feasts aforesaid, or within twenty dayes after.

IX. And if it shall thappen that the said sume of One Hundred Pounds shall not bee rated, collected and payd according as is before in this Act directed and provided, Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the said Viccar and his successors to recover the said sume of One Hundred Pounds upon the publique revenues belonging t</the said Towne of Kingston upon Hull by an accon of debt, to bee brought in any of His Majesties Courts of Record, wherein noe wager of law shall bee allowed to the defendants, and moreover the Maior and Aldermen of Kingston upon Hull shall thenceforth forfeite vnto the King's Majesty, his heires and successors, their right of nomination of the Viccar to the parish or precincts aforesaid.

X. And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on every Monday in Easter weeke there shall bee two Churchwardens elected and named for the said parish, one of them by the Viccar for the tyme being, and the other by the Inhabitants or Housholders of the said parish, or the greater number of them, which shall bee present at such election.

XI. And bee it further enacted, That all tenths and first fruites heretofore payable out of the said Viccarridge of Hassle cum Hull, together with all duties and payments belonging to the Archbp of Yorke and all other ecclesiastical! persons, shalbee equally divided, and the one moyetie thereof charged and payable by the Viccar of Hassle, and the other moyetie by the Churchwardens of the said parish and not otherwise, any law, statute, or *sage to the contrary, in anywise notwithstanding, provided that neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to take away any right, title, jurisdiction, or authority of the Ordinary of the Diocess and his successors, but that hee and they may proceede in manner and forme as formerly they did or might have done any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And bee it lastly enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and the Chancell of the same shall from tyme to tyme bee well and duly repaired at the charges of the Inhabitants of the mid parish or precinct as oft as need shall require, any former custom or vsage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

Collectors to pay £100 per annum to the Vicar.

If not paid

To be recovered by Aclioo,

And Mayor and Aldermen forfeit their right of presentation.

Two Churchwardens to be elected.

Tenths and first Fruits to be paid equally between the Vicars of Hessle and Hull.

Trinity Church and Chancel to be ret>aired by the Inhabitants

CLASS II

BURIAL GROUND FOR HOLY TRINITY.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 55. 1783.

An Act for Building a New Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the use of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; for regulating the Fares of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain nuisances within the said Town, Liberties, and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, "for making and

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

Recital that the Burial Ground of the Holy Trinity ia too small.

And that the Parishioners had agreed to apply to Parliament.

Vicar and Churchwardens of Trinity Parish empowered to purchase Ground for a Burial Ground.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to sell;

In cpse of Refusal to treat or agree, to be settled by a Jury.

Power to raise Money for the Burial Ground by Assessments upon the Parish.

Burial Ground for Holy Trinity. [part I.

establishing Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain stailbs in the said Act described; and for other purposes.

V. AND whereas the present Cemetery or Burial Ground'belonging to the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the saitl town of Kingston-upon-Hull, is too small for the extent of the said parish.

XVIII. And whereas the population of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the Town and County of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, hath for many years greatly increased, and the inhabitants of the said parish are become so numerous that the Church Yard and Burial Places belonging to the same are not now sufficiently large to contain the bodies of those who die in the said parish, and are required to be buried therein, without much inconvenience and annoyance to the inhabitants.

XIX. And whereas, at the General Meeting of the inhabitants and parishioners of the said parish, on two several days, pursuant to notice for that purpose given in the Church of the said parish, it was agreed and resolved, that an application should be made to Parliament, to enable the parishioners of the said parish to purchase a piece of ground, for an additional burial ground for the use of the said parish, and to raise money for that purpose.

XX. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said parish for the time being, and the trustees hereinafter appointed, or for any seven or more of them, whereof the Vicar for the time being shall be one, and they are hereby enabled and empowered to purchase, in the names of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said parish (who are hereby enabled to accept and take a conveyance thereof to them and their successors) any piece or parcel of ground lying in or near the said parish, not containing less than Two Acres, and not exceeding Three Acres, in order to be consecrated; and the same ground, when purchased, to inclose with a brick wall or other fence, and to build a convenient room therein for the use and accommodation of the minister and officers officiating in the burial of the dead, and to do all other things necessary and proper for making such ground so purchased fit and convenient for the burial of the dead, in such manner as the said Vicar and Churchwardens and the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall judge most convenient; and that from and after such purchase the same ground shall for ever be appropriated, used and employed, for the purpose of burying the bodies of such persons as shall die in the said parish, or shall be thought proper and required to be buried therein, and for no other purpose whatsoever.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, guardians, and other trustees whatsoever, and for all femes covert, and other persons whatsoever, seised, possessed of, or interested in any houses, edifices, tenements, or ground, to sell and convey the same; and incase of their refusal, or being prevented or declining to treat and agree, or to sell or convey the premises as aforesaid, or not making out a clear title to the same, that a jury shall be summoned, upon notice in writing to be given by seven or more of the same trustees, to two or more of the justices for the said Town and County; and all proceedings had thereupon, in like manner and form, and under the like provisions and regulations, in case the parties, or any of them, shall refuse to treat or agree concerning the premises, and in all other matters relating thereto, as are herein above enacted and declared with respect to the lands, tenements, or hereditaments to be purchased for the purpose of building a new Gaol; to the end that such premises, and a clear and perfect title to the same, and the full possesaion thereof, may be made, and vested in the said trustees to be named and appointed to take the same, for the purposes hereinabove for that purpose mentioned.

XXII. And for the raising a competent sum of money, not exceeding in the whole One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, to pay for the purchase of such ground, for an additional burial ground for the said parish, and for making the same fit and commodious for the purposes aforesaid, and for all

For these provision* and regulations, see Gaol Art, post.

other purposes attending the same, and for defraying the necessary charges and expences thereof, and also the expences to be paid by the said Vicar and Churchwardens, and the said Trustees for the obtaining, passing, and executing this Act; Be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees hereinafter named, or any seven or more of them, being Inhabitants of the said parish (of whom the Vicar and one of the Churchwardens of the said parish shall be two) to make such several assessments as shall be judged expedient, on all the occupiers of houses, lands, tenements, and hereditaments within the said parish of the Holy Trinity; to be settled, regulated, ascertained, and proportioned by the assessment made for the relief and support of the poor of the said parish, in the year preceding every assessment to be made by virtue of this Act for the purposes last mentioned; and which rates and assessments hereby directed to be made, shall not in any one year exceed two shillings in the pound, and shall be allowed and signed by two or more of the justices of the peace for the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and after such rates and assessments are so made and confirmed, the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the time being, shall have full power, and they are hereby authorised and required, to cause the same to be collected and paid, and to appoint eight or more persons, being substantial inhabitants of the said parish of the Holy Trinity, not being of the people called Quakers, to collect the same.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case by the insolvency of any collector or other person to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or by any other means whatever, any loss or deficiency shall happen of or in the money to be raised by any such assessment as last mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to make a new assessment or assessments, in like manner is is hereinbefore for that purpose directed, in order to supply and make good every such loss or deficiency which shall so happen, and for defraying the necessary expences attending the same, so as no such assessment shall exceed sixpence in the pound in any one year, for making good such deficiency.

XXIV. And to the end that all monies which shall arise and be collected by any such assessment or assessments as shall be made for the purposes hnit mentioned by virtue of this Act, may be duly paid, and faithfully applied to answer, satisfy, and discharge such sums of money as shall be necessary for the purchase of such ground for an additional Burial Ground for the said parish, and inclosing and making the same fit and commodious for the interment of the dead therein, and erecting such building as aforesaid, and all such other charges incident thereto or attending the same, and as are to be paid by the said Vicar and Churchwardens, and the last-mentioned trustees for the obtaining, passing, and executing this Act, and such money as may be advanced and lent (if any) upon the credit of this Act, for the purposes aforesaid. Be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said parish of the Holy Trinity for the time being, Isaac Broadley, Esquire, Thomas Wasney, William Sparks, John Horner, Simon Horner, John Shipman, Christopher Thorley, John Harneis, John Boyes, John Boyes the younger, Benjamin Metcalfe the younger, William Richmond, John Huntington, Josiah Prickett, Joel Foster, Thomas Outram, Francis Hall, Thomas Jackson, John Bromby, John Hill, William Jolliffe, Joseph Godmond, Jonathan Garton, Edward Codd, Robert Schonswar, Edward Johnson, Thomas Whitehead, John Simpson, Henry Coates, John Carrick, Thomas Mulcaster, George Wardale, John Hugh, Richard Rennards, William Rye, Robert Gylby, John Robinson, Timothy Hastings, Joseph Chapman, and Samuel Hall, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act into execution with respect to the said Burial Ground, and the several matters herein mentioned relating thereto; and that they, and the survivors of them, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered to demand, receive, and take the money arising from every assessment or assessments hereinbefore last mentioned, and the same is and are hereby vested in the same trustees, and shall be by them, or any seven or more of them, paid and applied to and for the several uses and purposes aforesaid, in the manner hereinafter mentioned (the

33 Geo. III. c* 55.

la ra«c of Loss or

Deficiency, how the Money shall be made good.

Trustees for tlis Burial Ground:

Their Power.

a

Burial Ground for Holy Trinity. [Part I.

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

Collector* to pay

AMeaMneuUto

them.

For compelling the Collector* to account, and pay over the Monies in their Hand*.

necessary charges aforesaid being first deducted); and in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay any such assessment or assessments, then it shall be lawful for the same trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the time being, or any person or persons whom they, or any seven or more of them, shall, by any writing under their hands and seals, appoint and authorise, to levy the same assessment or assessments upon every or any the person or persons liable to pay the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, by distress of the goods and chattels belonging to the person or persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same, and the goods and chattels so distrained to detain and keep until such assessment or assessments, with the reasonable charges of such distress, shall be paid; and that it shall be lawful for such person or persons so distraining, after the space of five days next after such distress taken, to sell the goods and chattels so distrained, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners thereof, after such assessment or assessments, and reasonable charges for or by reason of distraining, keeping, and selling the same, shall be deducted.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, and every of them, shall from time to time pay over all and every the sum and sums of money by them respectively collected and received, to such person or persons as the said last mentioned trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, authorise and empower to receive the same (such receiver giving reasonable security to the same trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the due and faithful execution of his said office) to be applied according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, and not otherwise; and every such collector shall fairly enter in one or more book or books to be kept for that purpose, all and every sum and sums of money which they, and every of them, shall have respectively received or collected by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any power or authority in pursuance thereof, or by reason or means of such their office respectively, with the respective times of their receiving the same; and shall, upon oath, as often as required by the said last mentioned trustees, or any seven or more of them, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) give a true, exact, and perfect account, in writing under his or their hand or hands, of all monies which he or they shall have collected, levied, or received, by reason of his or their said office; for which oath no fee or reward shall be taken; and the same may be taken in writing, without any stamp to be impressed thereon.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such collector or collectors shall neglect or refuse to account for any sum or sums of money by them respectively collected or received, to the said last mentioned trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to pay the same, or any part thereof, to such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall by writing under their hands and seals authorise and empower to receive the same, then it shall be lawful for the said justice or justices of the peace for the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to enquire of and concerning such neglects, refusals, and non-payments, as well by the confession of the parties themselves, as by the oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath any one of the said justices is hereby empowered and required to administer); and if such collector or collectors shall be convicted of any such neglect, refusal, or non-payment, before such justice or justices, that then such justice and justices shall, and lawfully may, upon such conviction, commit such person or persons to the common goal of the said town, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have made a perfect account and payment as aforesaid; and in case any person or persons who shall be so chosen or appointed a collector or collectors of any assessment or assessments made in pursuance of this Act, for the purposes herein last mentioned, shall neglect or refuse to act in or execute such duty or office by the space of five days after such appointment and notice thereof in writing, by seven or more of the said trustees, left at his or their usual place of abode, then every such person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds to the trustees appointed as last mentioned by this act, to be levied, recovered, and applied

7

Class II.] Burial Ground for Holy Trinity.

im such and the same manner as the monies to be raised by the last mentioned assessment to be made in pursuance of this act, are hereinbefore directed to be levied, recovered and applied; and upon every such neglect or refusal of any person or persons so to act in such duty or office of collector or collectors as last mentioned, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the same trustees, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to choose or appoint a new collector or collectors, in the place or stead of every such person or persons so neglecting or refusing to act as aforesaid; and such new collector or collectors shall be subject and liable to such and the same penalties and forfeitures as the person or persons in whose place he or they shall be chosen, was or were subject and liable to.

XXVII. And for the continuance of a sufficient number of fit and proper persons to be trustees for putting this Act into execution, for the several purposes respecting the said burial ground, and other the purposes herein last mentioned; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time, and at all times hereafter, as the number of such trustees so to be appointed by this Act, or hereafter to be elected in pursuance thereof, shall be reduced to twenty, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining trustees, or any seven or more of them, by any writing or writings undeT their hands and seals, upon Monday in Easter week, as often as occasion shall require, in the vestry of the parish churchl of the Holy Trinity, to nominate, elect, and appoint other fit and properj[persons, being substantial inhabitants and householders in the said parish, not being of the people called Quakers, to be trustees with them; so as the trustees so to be elected, together with the remaining trustees, do not exceed the number of forty; and such person or persons as shall be so nominated, elected, and appointed a trustee or trustees as last mentioned, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered to act, to all intents and purposes as fully and amply as any of the last mentioned trustees is and are by this Act empowered to do.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if any person or persons hereby appointed, or hereafter to be chosen a trustee or trustees for the purposes last mentioned, shall have any interest in the said intended additional burial ground, or shall have any share or interest in any contract for inclosing the same, erecting any building therein, or otherwise relating thereto, every such person and persons shall from thenceforth be utterly disabled and disqualified from acting in the said trust, and no trustee or trustees hereinbefore named, or hereafter to be appointed for the purposes last mentioned (other than those entitled to be trustees by virtue of their office or stations as aforesaid) shall act in the execution thereof, but during such time as they shall respectively pay, or be liable to pay for ten pounds a year rent to the assessment or assessments last mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

aid last-mentioned trustees shall take care to have all the receipts, payments, credits, and contracts made with or by the artificers and

workmen to be employed in or about the inclosing or fencing the said intended additional burial ground, erecting any building therein and making the same fit and convenient for the burial of the dead therein, or in or about the pulling down, clearing, and carrying away the materials of any building or buildings standing on such intended additional burial ground so to be purchased for the purposes aforesaid, or with or by any person or persons to whom such materials shall be sold, or any way relating thereto, and all other proceedings of the said trustees, fairly entered and written in one or more book or books to be kept for that purpose; and by or out of the monies arising out of all or any the assessment or assessments to be made as aforesaid, or by or out of any other sum or sums of money which shall come to their or any of their hands as trustees as aforesaid, or to the hands of any receiver to be by them appointed, shall pay for the purchase of such additional burial ground, and for the inclosing and building upon the same, and all such other charges and expences incident to the said trust, as shall be paid by the said Vicar and Churchwardens and the last mentioned trustees, for the passing and executing this Act.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all books of accounts concerning the said receipts, payments,

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

For keening np a certain Number of Trustees.

No Trustee to act where interested.

Proceedings of Trustees to be entered in Books.

Purchase Money, flee, to be paid out of the AMeaHuenta.

Persona paying to the Rates, may inspect Books.

23 fceo. III. c. 55.

Tru§tfw« to defray their own Expencea.

For preserving the Rights of the Vicar in the New Banal Groond.

Power to Parishioners to settle Fees, flee. to the Vicar in the New Burial Grouud.

New Boris! Ground deemed Part of the Parish.

Power to the Mayor and Justices to settle Disputes between the Owners, flee.

How Assessments shall be levied upon Persons removing.

credits, and contracts, shall from time to time, and at all convenient times, be open to the inspection and perusal of every person or persons who shall* pay to any assessment or assessments by virtue of this Act, for the purposes last mentioned, or any of them.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the several trustees appointed, or to be appointed, for the respective purposes mentioned in this Act, shall, at all their respective meetings defray their own charges and expences, and shall give such public previous notice of their several meetings, as shall from time to time be by them, or any seven or more of them respectively agreed upon.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend, to lessen, prejudice, or defeat any of the rights, privileges, fees, profits, or emoluments which the present Vicar of the same parish, or any future Vicar thereof, shall or may, or ought to have in the said additional burial ground; but that the said present Vicar and his successors, and the Churchwardens, Parish Clerk, Sexton, and other officers -of the said parish for the time being, shall severally and respectively for ever hereafter have, take, and enjoy, from time to time, the like funeral rates and duties, fees, rights, privileges, profits and emoluments, in unto, out of, and from the said additional burial ground, as now are and have been, or lawfully might be taken and enjoyed during the incumbency of the present Vicar, for or on account of the burial or interment of any person in the present church yard now belonging to the said parish, or the making any grave or vault therein; and that the said Vicar and his successors, as also the curate or reader of the said pariah church of the Holy Trinity, or one or both of them (at the discretion of the parishioners of the said parish as hereinafter mentioned) and the Churchwardens, Parish Clerk, Sexton, and other officers of the said parish for the time being, shall also severally and respectively have, take, and enjoy, from time to time, for ever hereafter, all such further and additional fees, rates, duties, profits, and emoluments, as shall be deemed and declared reasonable and proper by the major part of the parishioners of the said parish of the Holy Trinity; who shall assemble themselves at a Vestry to be held in the said parish church in pursuance of three several notices to be given for that purpose in the said church, on three successive preceding 8undays, immediately after divine service, and to settle and determine the same; all which additional fees, rates, duties, profits and emoluments, when so settled and determined, shall be sued for and recovered in like manner as any other fees, rates, duties, profits, and emoluments now belonging to the said Vicar, or other officers respectively, may now be sued for or recovered; and that no parson, curate, minister, officer, or servant, of any other parish whatsoever, shall have or claim any funeral rate or rates, duty, fee, right, privilege, or profit whatsoever, in, unto, out of, or from burials in the said intended additional burial ground.

XXXIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the ground to be purchased for an additional burial ground for the use of the said parish, or any part thereof, shall happen to lie without the bounds or limits of the said parish of the Holy Trinity, the ground so purchased, and every part thereof, shall, for ever after such purchase, be, and be deemed and taken to be, part of and within the said parish of the Holy Trinity, and shall be for ever discharged from any rates or taxes, tithes or duties to the parish out of which it shall be so taken, or to any other parish or place whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any difference or dispute shall arise or happen between any of the occupiers of any houses, buildings, lands, *grounds, tenements, or hereditaments hereby directed to be charged or assessed in respect of the said additional burial ground, concerning the share or proportion of the rates or taxes to be paid by any such occupier, then, and in every such case, the said mayor and justices of the peace for the said town or borough for the time being or any two of them (whereof such mayor to be one) shall and may in a summary way hear, adjust, and determine every such difference and dispute, and such determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to both parties; and also, that if any person or persons hereby made liable to pay

Class II.] Burial Ground for Holy Trinity. 9

the said last mentioned rates and assessments, or any of them, or any part 23 Geo. IIL thereof, shall afterwards remove from or quit the house, land, tenement, or c> premises, in respect of which such rate or assessment shall be made, before such time as the assessment due from such person or persons shall be paid, it shall be lawful for the said collectors to make a distress, being warranted by the said last-mentioned trustees, or any seven of them, as aforesaid, on the goods and chattels of such person or persons removing as aforesaid, provided a sufficient distress can be found; or otherwise the Churchwardens of the said parish of the Holy Trinity for the time being, in their own names, shall and may sue for and recover the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or in the Court of Requests in the same town in any case where such debt is of such amount only as to be within the jurisdiction of that court, with full costs of suit.

XXXVI. And forasmuch as the money so to be collected by the receipts Rates maybe of the said rates or assessments by this Act laid and made payable as last assigned for mentioned, may not immediately be sufficient for the purposes to which Money borrowed, the same are to be applied; Be it therefore enacted by the authority afore* said. That the said Trustees last mentioned, or any seven or more of them, at any such meeting to be had as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, by any writing or writings (without any stamp to lie impressed thereon) under their hands and seals, to assign over the rates and assessments last mentioned to arise by virtue of this Act, or any part thereof (the costs and charges of assigning or mortgaging the same, to be borne and paid out of such rates and assessments) as a security for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpose, to such person or persons as shall advance and lend the same to *ecure the repayment thereof, with such interest as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; which money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of as the said rates or assessments last-mentioned are by this Act directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever; but that no money shall be borrowed by the said trustees last mentioned, on the credit of such rates or assessments, after their first meeting, unless notice in writing under the band of the treasurer or clerk to the same trustees, be for that purpose fixed in some public place of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at least ten days before the borrowing of such money.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Mayor and Tenants Burgesses in whom the ground for building the new Gaol is to be vested, p*n«^lwion or in case the trustees for purchasing the burial ground, or any seven or more of the said trustees, or any person authorised by them, shall, after any messuages, tenements, buildings, lands, or premises shall be purchased or acquired in pursuance of this Act, give six calendar months notice, in writing, to all or any of the tenants at rack rent, or occupiers of such messuages, tenements, buildings, lands, or premises, to quit or deliver up the possession thereof, then every such tenant or occupier shall, at the end of such six calendar months, peaceably and quietly deliver and yield up the possession of the said premises, so by him, her, or them respectively held or occupied, whether upon demise, lease, or otherwise, to the said mayor and burgesses, or to the said trustees, or to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said mayor and burgesses, or by any seven or more of the said trustees, to take possession thereof; and all leases, demises, or agreements, for renting or holding the same at rack rent, or otherwise, theretofore made, shall, from the end of the said six calendar months, be absolutely void and of none effect, as against the said mayor and burgesses, or the said trustees, or any of them; and if any person or persons so in possession, shall refuse to give up such possession at the ex* phration of such six calendar months after such notice, it shall and may be lawfhl for the said mayor and burgesses, or any seven or more of the said trustees, to issue their precept or precepts to the constables of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, or to any or either of them, to cause possession thereof to be delivered up to such person or persons who shall be in such precept or precepts nominated to receive tBe same, and the said constable and constables is and are hereby respectively required to deliver possession, according to such precept or precepts, of the

B

S3 Geo. III. c. 55.

D litre* not to b« deemed unlawful for want of Form.

Burial Ground for Holy Trinity.

[Part I.

One Month's Notice in Writ-ine to be given before any Action be commenced.

Amends may be tendered before Action brought.

No Evidence on Trial of other Can* of Action than mentioned in such Notice. Inhabitants may he WitnesKs.

Accounts to be made up Ansa-Uy.

premises therein mentioned, and to levy such costs as shall accrue by means of the issuing and executing of every such precept or precepts, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons, who shall have refused to give up such possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to pay such costs, the same to be ascertained and settled by the said mayor and burgesses, or the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, as the case shall be.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity committed or suffered after such distress; but the party or parties aggrieved thereby shall and may recover only a satisfaction for the special damage he, she, ur they shall have sustained thereby, with full costs of suit: provided nevertheless, that no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for any such irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of suiheient amends hath been made by the party or parties distraining, before such action brought.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatsoever, for any matter or thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, until notice, in writing, of such intended action or suit, shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the party intending to commence such action or suit, or his or her attorney or agent, one month at least, before such action or suit shall be commenced; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action which such plaintiff hath, or claimeth to have, against such person or persons, and on the back of which notice shall be indorsed the name of such plaintiff, his attorney or agent; and that no such plaintiff shall recover any verdict in any such case where the action shall be grounded on any Act or Acts done in pursuance, or under colour of this Act, unless it be proved upon the trial to be had thereupon, that such notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof, such defendant or defendants shall recover a verdict, together with his, her, or their full costs of suit.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such defendant or defendants, within one month next after such notice given as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney; and in case the same be not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or her, together with the plea of not guilty, or any other plea, with leave of the court where such action shall depend; and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or her action, or in case judgment shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the general issue only; and if upon issue joined, the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants on such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, which he shall recover, together with his or their costs of suit.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plaintiff on the trial of any such action as aforesaid, of any cause of action except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all actions, persecutions, informations, causes and proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the execution of this Act, any inhabitant within the said town or county of the town ofKingston-upon-Hull shall be admitted and allowed to give evidence, notwithstanding such inhabitant is charged with, and liable to pay any rate or assessment by virtue of this act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That some time between Michaelmas and Christmas in every year, a fair and just account shall, by order of the

aid justices, or any two of them, be made and wrote out, of all monies received and paid by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and how and to

whom, and when and for what purposes the same have been laid out, paid, and expended; a copy or duplicate of which, signed by the said justices, or any two of them, shall be deposited with the town clerk, of the said

town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, to be kept among the

records of the sessions of the peace there; who shall permit any person, so taxed as aforesaid, to inspect the same at all reasonable times, paying sixpence for such inspection; and shall upon demand forthwith give copies of the same, or any part thereof, to such person, paying at the rate of sixpence for every one hundred words, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser number of words.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all persons who shall apprehend themselves overcharged, or otherwise aggrieved by any assessment, or other Act to be made or done by virtue of this present Act, may appeal to the Justices of the peace assembled at their next Quarter Sessions, to be held for the said town and county, after demand of the monies assessed, or after such other act done, who shall and may make Ruch order, and give such relief therein, as to them, or the major part of them then and there present, shall seem meet.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be | brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done

[in pursuance of this Act, such action or suit shall be brought and commenced within three calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, according to the truth of the fact; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue such action or suit, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedy for such costs as any other defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in any other case by law.

LXXII. Provided always, That nothing above contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, lessen, defeat, or in anywise affect any liberties, jurisdictions, privileges, exemptions, immunities, or advantages, heretofore granted, or in any manner belonging to the said town or borough, or county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, (except as is hereinbefore expressly mentioned and contained); but that the same, and every part thereof respectively, may be held and exercised and enjoyed, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, to all intents and purposes (except as before excepted) as if this act had not been made.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and; taken to be a public Act, and all judges, justices, and other persons shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CLASS III.

CHRIST CHURCH, SCULCOATES.

54 Geo. III. Cap. 77. Royal Assent, 27th May, 1814.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York.

WHEREAS the population of the parish of Sculcoates, in the East I Riding of the County of York, has of late years considerably increased: And whereas in consequence of the small size of the Parish Church of Scul-eoates aforesaid, and its inconvenient distance from a laTge proportion of the inhabitants of the said Parish, it would be of great benefit and utility

b 2

54 Geo. III. c. 77.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Session*.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Saving the Priru leges of the Town and Coon-ty of the Town of Kingston upon Hulk

Public Act.

12 Christ Church, Sculcoates. [Part I.

54 Geo. 111. c. 77.

Appointment of Trustees.

Power to appoint new Trustee* when the original Number la re. dncedtoleaathan Eight Person *, excluahre of the Vicar.

No Act ralid unless at a Meeting of Fire Trustee* nt least.

to the said inhabitants if a Church or Chapel of Ease were erected in a convenient situation in the said Parish, for the celebration of Divine Service, the administration of Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies according to the usage of the Church of England. And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty is Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Sculcoates aforesaid, which lies in the Diocese of York, and the Rev. Richard Patrick is the present Vicar thereof: And whereas divers persons have engaged to contribute various sums of money towards the expence of erecting a Church or Chapel of Ease in the said Parish, and are desirous, by the assistance of such other pious and well-disposed persons as shall hereafter engage to contribute thereto, to erect a Church or Chapel of Ease in the said Parish, for the accommodation of the inhabitants thereof; but in as much as the purposes aforesaid cannot effectually be carried into execution, without the aid and authority of Parliament: may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the Vicar of the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid for the time being, William Jarratt, Joseph Egginton, John Carrick, Ann Sykes widow, Avison Terry, John William Hentig, John Marshall, Thomas Ellison Collinson, William Hall, Thomas Hall, Samuel King, John Newbald, Henry Coates, Simon Horner, Mary Thornton widow, John Terry, George Alder, Joseph Robinson Pease, Thomas Thompson, Ann Cornwell widow, John Moxon, James Hewetson, John Frost, and Joseph Rennard, together with all and every person or persons who hath or have engaged to, and shall, within the space of twelve calendar months next after the passing of this Act, contribute, or shall by writing under his or her hand engage to contribute the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, or upwards, for the purposes of this Act, and their successors, to be elected and appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act into execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said Trustees shall, by death, or resignation of office, or refusal to act, be reduced to a less number than eight persons, exclusive of the said Vicar of Sculcoates for the time being, it shall and may be lawful for the proprietors of pews and seats in the said intended Church or Chapel, in pursuance to notice in writing to that purpose, to he affixed upon the doors of the said intended Church or Chapel, which notice the surviving or remaining Trustees are hereby required to give, within the space of one calendar month next after the death, resignation, or refusal to act, of the person so reducing the number of trustees below eight persons as aforesaid, shall be made known to them, to assemble in the vestry of the said intended Church or Chapel, and there from time to time, as such vacancies occur, elect some other fit person (being a proprietor as aforesaid) in the room of him or her so dying, resigning, or refusing to act; and the said person so elected shall immediately thereupon become vested with the same powers and authorities as if he or she had been appointed a Trustee in and by this Act. Provided always, that in case the said proprietors of pews and seats shall at any time, upon a vacancy happening as aforesaid, neglect to appoint some fit person as aforesaid to act as a Trustee in the room of him or her so dying, resign -ing, or refusing to act, within the space of three calendar months after such death, resignation, or refusal to act, then and in that case it shall be lawftil for the Vicar of Sculcoates for the time being to appoint such Trustee* who shall, immediately upon such appointment being signed by the said Vicar of Sculcoates, and entered in a book for that purpose, become vested with the same powers and authorities as if he had been appointed a Trustee In and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees in the execution of this Act shall be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the same shall be done at some meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be hereinafter excepted); and that all the powers and authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from time to time, by the major part of them who shall be present at any such meeting, the number of Trustees then present not being less than five; and that all the orders and proceedings of such major part shall

Class HI, ] Christ Churchf Sculcoates.

have the same force and effect as if the same were made or done by all the Trustees of this Act for the time being (save and except as may be herein* after excepted,) and that at every meeting of the said Trustees a chairman, may and shall be appointed; and that when and as often as it shall happen, that there shall upon any question be an equality of votes at any such meeting, including the vote of the chairman, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such chairman to give the decisive or casting vote,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the first meeting of the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act shall be held as soon as conveniently may be after the passing thereof, at the public hall in Sculcoates aforesaid, and that all subsequent meetings shall be held at such times and places within the said parish, as the said Trustees shall from time to time appoint (except where otherwise expressly provided for by this Act): Provided always, that a notice of the intention to hold such meetings respectively shall in all cases be inserted in one or more of the Hull Newspapers, until the erection and completion of the said intended Church or Chapel; and after such erection and completion, such notice shall be in writing, and affixed upon the door of the said intended Church or Chapel, at least seven days before any of the days on which such meetings are respectively intended to be held.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper book or books, and to be made therein fair and regular entries of all their acts, orders, and proceedings relative to the execution of this act, and of the names of all such trustees as shall be present at their several meetings, and that the same shall be subscribed with the name of the chairman; and that all such entries, being so signed, shall be deemed originals, and shall be allowed to be read in evidence in all courts whatsoever, in all causes, suits, and actions, touching any thing done in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered, by writing under their hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and also such other officers and persons for the execution of this Act, (except such officers as the Minister for the time being of the said intended Church or Chapel is hereinafter empowered to appoint) as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from time to time to remove such officers or persons respectively, as they the said Trustees shall see occasion; and out of the monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay. such salaries, wages, and allowances to the said officer* to be appointed by them, and also by the said Minister, as hereinafter mentioned, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees are hereby required to take sufficient security from every such Treasurer and other officers, for the due execution of his office, as they shall think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued, in the name or names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, to be appointed under this Act; and that no action or suit which may be brought by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, in relation to this Act, shall be abated or discontinued by the death or removal of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the act of such Treasurer or Treasurers, without the consent of the said Trustees, but the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being shall always be deemed plaintiff or plaintiffs, or defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, as the case may be. Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be reimbursed out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such costs, damages, and reasonable expences as he or they shall be put unto, or become charged or chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made plaintiff or plaintiffs, or defendant or defendants, as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered and required as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to contract or agree for the absolute purchase, in fee simple, in possession, of any freehold bods, tenements, or hereditaments, in the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, (Dot exceeding three acres in the whole,) with any penon or persons whomsoever who shall be willing to sell the same, for the purpose of bidding and erecting upon some part or parts thereof the said Church or Chapel, and such other buildings and conveniences, and of making a

13

54 Geo. III.

c. 77. vifW

Meeting of the Trustees.

All Proceedings to be entered.

Trustees may appoint Officers^nd allow them, and the Officers to be appointed by the Minister, Salaries.

Trustees to sue and be sued in tbs Name of their Treasurer.

Purchase of Land, not exceed, ing Three Acres.

54, Geo. IIL

c. 77.

On Payment of Purchaae Money. Land to he vested in Trustees.

Trustees may build a Church, lie.

Church, when built, to be a perpetual Cure.

Act not to make a new Parish, or alter any Tithes, fcc.

Pews. Vaults, Icc. *ested in the Trustees.

Seats to be appropriated for the Accommodation of Fire hundred Poor.

Pews, Seats and Vaults to be numbered.

cemetery or burial ground to the same Church or Chapel, and approaches thereto respectively, as to the said Trustees shall appear necessary and expedient; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and their successors to hold such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, without incurring or being subject to any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statutes of mortmain, or of any other law or statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the payment of the money contracted or agreed to be paid for the purchase of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the Trustees, to the party or persons respectively entitled unto such monies, or to their agents, and upon the conveyance of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to the said Trustees and their successors for ever, by the name and style of " The Trustees of Christ's Church, in Sculcoates," all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person and persons respectively, (for whose use the same shall be paid,) in, to, or out of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall vest in the said Trustees and their successors for ever, for the uses and purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause a Church or Chapel of Ease to be erected or built upon some part of the said lands, tenements or hereditaments, so purchased by them by virtue of this Act, after such model, and of such dimensions, and with such materials, and in such manner as they the said Trustees, with the approbation of the Archbishop of York for the time being, shall order or direct, and to be made a cemetery or burial ground thereto, if they shall think fit; and also to cause pews, seats, and galleries, and a vestry, together with such ornaments and conveniences to be made, erected, and set up in the said Church or Chapel and to cause any Bell or Bells to be hung up in the said Church or Chapel as by the said Trustees, with the like approbation, shall be deemed necessary or proper, in order that the said Church or Chapel may be completely fitted up and furnished for the performance of divine service therein, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England; and also to lay out a sufficient part of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be purchased, for approaches to the said Church or Chapel, Cemetery or Burial Ground, as the said Trustees shall deem necessary and expedient: Provided always, that the said Trustees may . cause vaults to be made under the floor of the said Church or Chapel, if they shall think proper so to do, for the interment of the dead.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Church or Chapel, when built and completed, shall be set apart and dedicated to the service of Almighty God, as a place of divine worship for ever, according to the usage of the Church of England; and such Church or Chapel, from and immediately after the consecration and dedication thereof, shall and is hereby declared to be a perpetual cure and benefice, and shall be called by the name of u Christ's Church in Sculcoates:" Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the making of any new parish, or to the altering of any tithes or any other ecclesiastical dues or payments, or any rates, taxes, assessments, or ather payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the pews, seats, and galleries in the said intended Church or Chapel, and all the Vaults (if any) under the said Church or Chapel, with their appurtenances, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees and their successors for ever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, to set apart and appropriate in the said intended Church or Chapel, such a number of seats for the gratuitous accommodation of the poor of the Parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, for the time being, as shall be sufficient to accommodate not less than five hundred of such poor.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the pews and seats to be erected, and set up in the said intended Church or Chapel, and in the galleries thereof (except such seats as shall be so set apart for the poor as aforesaid) and also the vaults (if any) shall be made under the said Church or Chapel, shall be marked with and distinguished by different numbers or figures to be carved or painted on the door of each pew, seat, and vault respectively.

XV. And be it fiiTther enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient speed after the said Church or Chapel shall be in sufficient state of forwardness, to sell the fee simple and in-heretance of the said pews, seats, and vaults, in such manner as to the said Trustees shall seem meet, to any person or persons willing to become the purchaser or purchasers thereof, at such price or prices in money as can or may be reasonably bad or gotten for the same, and that a memorandum of each such sale being entered in a book or books kept for that purpose, and signed by two or more of the said Trustees, and by the purchaser or purchasers of such pews, seats, and vaults respectively, shall be good, valid, and effectual to vest the fee simple and inheritance thereof in such purchaser or purchasers, without auy faculty or other instrument whatsoever: Provided always, that on every such sale of the said pews and seats, there shall be respectively reserved and made payable, as hereinafter directed, such yearly rent or sum, payable by equal half-yearly payments, as they the said Trustees shall think fit to affix upon each and every such pew or seat, the aggregate amount of such rents or sums in the whole not being less than one hundred pounds per Annum.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid rent or sum to be reserved in respect of every such pew and seat, shall be ascertained and determined, and entered in a book provided for that purpose, before any sale or conveyance shall be made of them, or any of them, and that the entry of the same, on being signed by two or more of the Trustees, and by the purchaser or purchasers of such pew and seat shall be considered binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and that in case the rent of any such pew and seat shall be behind and unpaid for the space of twenty-one days next after the same shall have become due and payable, and shall have been demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any person by their order, to enter upon and re-assume, or take possession of such pew and seat, and for the said Trustees to sell and convey the same on the terms, and in manner before mentioned, to any other person or persons, at such price or prices in money as can or may be reasonably had or gotten for the same, and after deducting therefrom the rent in arrear and all expences attending such re-sale, the said Trustees shall pay the surplus (if any) to the late owner or owners of such pew and seat; Provided always, that notice in writing shall be affixed on the door of the said Church or Chapel of such rent being behind or unpaid as aforesaid, and of the intention of the said Trustees to enter and re-sell, for three succeeding Sundays previous to such new sale being made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said intended Church or Chapel shall be built and consecrated, the perpetual advowson, right of patronage, free disposition, nomination, and presentation of, in, and to the said intended Church or Chapel shall for ever thereafter appertain to, and the same is and are hereby vested in and settled upoo the said Trustees and their successors for ever, freed and absolutely discharged of all estates, rights and interests of the said Richard Patrick and h» Successors for the time being, Vicars of the said Parish Church of Sculcoates, and jlII person and persons whomsoever claiming under him, them, or any of them.

XVIII. And for the keeping the said Church or Chapel at all times hereafter an entire and distinct Cure and Benefice from the parish Church of Sculcoates aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Vicar of the said parish Church, or any other person holding any curacy or lectureship within the said parish, or under the Vicar thereof, to be minister of the said intended Church or Chapel.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the consecration of the said intended Church or Chapel, it shall and may be lawful for Banns of Matrimony to be published, and Marriages, Christenings, and Burials to be solemnised within the said intended Church or Chapel, provided the same be published and solemnized according to the laws and canons of this realm on that behalf; and that all such banns as shall be so published, and also all and every such marriages, christenings, and burials, as shall be solemnized in the said intended Church or Chapel, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were published and solemnized in the parish Church of Sculcoates aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Vicar of Sculcoates for the time being to perform

54 Geo. III. c. 77.

Pew *, Seats, and Vaults to be sold.

Pews and Seat *

to be subject to a yearly Rent of *100.

Rent to be paid by each Pew and Seat, to be ascertained before Sale.

Provision for a Re-sale inDefault of Payment of Rent.

Patronage of the Charch vested in the Trustees.

Church to be a separata Cure.

Marriages, Christenings, and Burials, may be so. lemniied in Ihs Church.

Vicar of Scul-coates empower, ed to perform the said Ceremonies therein.

' i

54 Geo. in. c. 77.

All Marriages, Christening *, and Burials to be registered.

Double Fees on all Marriages, &c. Half to be paid to the Vicar.

Minister* Duty.

Minister's Salary.

any of the aforesaid ceremonies in the said intended Church or Chapel, at any time, so as not to interfere with the accustomed hours of divine worship at the said Church.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all marriages, christenings, and burials, solemnized within the said intended Church or Chapel, shall be registered in public register books, to be provided by the Churchwardens, and kept for that purpose by the Minister, according to the laws in force for keeping registers in that part of the United Kingdom called England; and that such register books shall be received in all courts of law and equity, as evidence of such marriages, christenings, and burials, in the same manner as register books of marriages solemnized in Churches and public Chapels, in Which Banns were usually published before the passing of an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of his late Majesty King George the second* intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriage *, or copies thereof, are read in evidence.

XXI. And in order that the erecting of the said intended Church or Chapel may uot prejudice the Vicar of the said parish for the time being, or lessen his revenues, be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel, for every marriage and burial, and for every churching of women, which may be performed in the said Church or Chapel, double the fees which are actually, and of right ought to be paid for the performance of such services respectively, at the parish Church of Sculcoates aforesaid; and that the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel shall, from time to time, collect and receive all such double fees, of which an account shall be kept by him open to the inspection of the Vicar, and account for and pay, by two equal half-yearly payments in every year, videlicet, on the first Monday after every Christmas Day and Midsummer Day, one moiety or half part thereof to the Vicar of the said parish for the time being, or his agent appointed by him in that behalf; the first of the said payments to be made on such of the said days as shall happen next after the consecration of the said Church or Chapel, and in case of non-payment within fourteen days next after any of the said half-yearly days, such moiety or half part of all such fees shall and may be sued for and recovered from the said Minister of the said Church or Chapel, with full costs of suit, by the Vicar of the said parish for the time being, in the same manner, and by the same ways and means, as any surplice fees, due and payable at the parish Church of Sculcoates aforesaid, can oi; may be recovered, or by action of debt, or on the case, in any of of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel shall, every Sunday Morning and Evening, read therein the Prayers prescribed in the Book of Common Prayer, or Public Liturgy of the Church of England, and shall also every Sunday Morning and Evening, and on every Christmas Day and Good Friday, and on all occasional public Fasts and Festivals, in the Morning, after Divine Service is performed, preach, or cause to be preached, a sermon in the said intended Chord) or Chapel, and shall at least eight times in the year administer the Holy Bacrament of the Lord's Supper, namely, on Good Friday, Easter Sunday, Whit Sunday, and Christmas Day, and on such other four Sundays as the Minister for the time being shall appoint, so that the spaces of time between such Administration of the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Sapper shall be as nearly equal as may conveniently be.

xxiii. And be it farther enacted, That for the maintenance and support of the Minister for the lime being of the said intended Church or Chape], the said Trustees are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid to the said Minister, by two equal half-yearly payments, videlicet, on the first Monday after every Christmas Day and Midsummer Day, all, or so much as shall be received of the rents which shall, by virtue of this Act, be reserved and made payable out of the pews and seats of the said intended Church or Chapel; and also the Interest and annual produce of all monies, and the rents and annual profits of all lands and hereditaments which shall be given, granted, bequeathed, or devised to the said Trustees far the use and benefit of the said Minister, and also such further annual sum as the said Trustees shall, from time to time, think proper to pay and allow to him.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the proprietors of pews and seats, in the said intended Church or Chapel, or the major part of them, shall be desirous to have a lecturer appointed to read prayers and preach-a sermon in the said intended Church or Chapel every Sunday, in addition to the duty herein before provided to be done by the stated Minister, it shall be lawful for the said proprietors of pews and seats, or the major part of them, from time to time, to employ and engage the Minister of the said intended Church or Chape), or any other Minister duly qualified by law to be such lecturer; and that every such lecturer, other than the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel, being first approved of and duly licensed thereto by the Archbishop of York, shall have the use of the said intended Church or Chapel, and the pulpit therein, for the purposes aforesaid; and that every such lecturer shall be paid for his care and pains therein, by a voluntary subscription of the said proprietors of pews and feats, as they, or the major part of them, direct and appoint.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorised and empowered at any time or times hereafter, without licence in mortmain, to accept and take any immediate gift, grant, conveyance, or devise, gifts, grants, conveyances, or devises of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any bequests of money, goods, chattels, or effects, not being of greater amount or value in the whole than ten thousand pounds sterling, to them and their successors for ever, by the name and style of4* The Trustees of Christ's Church in Sculcoates," for the augmentation of the Minister's salary, or endowment of the said intended Church or Chapel, or for the discharge of any debt or debts incurred in the building of the said Church or Chapel, or any other of the purposes of this Act; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any time appear to the said Trustees to be necessary to raise a sum or sums of money by way of sale or mortgage, for the discharge of any debt or debts incurred in the erection of the said intended Church or Chapel, or for the providing a more adequate income for the Minister of the said intended Church or Chapel, or for any other the purposes of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to sell, for the best price in money that can be lawfully and bona fide obtained, the advowson, patronage, or right of presentation of or to the said intended Church or Chapel, either in perpetuity, or for one or more turn or turns, and also the lands, tenements, and hereditaments to be purchased or acquired under the powers of this Act, or any part of them, or to mortgage in fee, or for any term of years, the said advowson. patronage, right of presentation, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; provided that every instrument for effectuating such sale or sales, mortgage or mortgages respectively, shall be under the hands and seals of not less than five of the said Trustees; and it is hereby declared, that the receipts of such five or more Trustees for any purchase or mortgage monies to coming to their hands, shall be valid and effectual without such purchasers or mortgagees, or any of them respectively, being required to see to the application, or being accountable for the misapplication or non-application of such monies, or any part thereof respectively; provided that all such deeds of sale or mortgage be duly enrolled in the Court of Chancery within six calendar months from the date thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be Pond for Repair *, ifter the consecration of the said intended Church or Chapel, the said

Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to place at interest, upon good and sufficient security, in the name of the Minister and Churchwardens of the said intended Chapel or Church, for the time being, the sum of One Hundred Pounds; and that the interest or dividends thereof shall fruit time to time accumulate and be added to the principal, till the whole shall amount to Four Hundred Pounds, for providing a fund for, and to be laid out by the said Minister and Church or Chapel Wardens for the time being, in the necessary expences of supporting and keeping in repair the roof, main walls, and timbers of the said intended Church or Chapel, and the church yard and fences, so that the same may at all times be preserved in fend repair andcooditioo: Provided always, that in the application of the mid sum of money, the same shall never be reduced below the sum of Two

m

54 Geo. XU. c. 77.

Lecturer may be

appointed by the Proprietor! of Pews.

Lecturer's

Salary.

Trustee* erapow. ered to accept Land *, Mouey, &c. to the Amount of 10,000£.

Trn«tees empow. ered to sell and mortgage for Um Purposes of this Act.

18

Christ Church, Sculcoates. [Part I.

54 Geo. III.

c. 77.

Appointment of Churchwardens.

* Appointment of Clerk and >exton by the Minister.

Minister he. subject to Jurisdiction of the Art h-bisliop of York.

Rate upon the Pews for occasional Rrjwirs, and incidental Erpenem.

Hundred Pounds, which sum shall be continued at interest, or as soon as may be done conveniently, be laid out in the purchase of land, to be conveyed to the said Trustees, and their successors; and the interest of the said sum of Two Hundred Pounds, or the rents and profits of the lands to be purchased, as the case may be, shall be and remain a continual provision for such repairs of the said intended Church or Chapel, church yard and fences, and for the enlarging-, beautifying, or improving the said Church or Chapel, as shall appear proper to the said Minister, and Church or Chapel Wardens thereof, for the time being.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the consecration of the said intended Church or Cinpel as conveniently may be, two persons shall be appointed out of the proprietors of pews and seats therein, to be and act as Church or Chapel Wardens of the said intended Church or Chapel, until the Wednesday in the Easter Week next after such appointment; and in case of the death of either of them before such time, then for thff survivor to be and act as aforesaid until such time; and from thenceforth upon every Wednesday in Easter Week yearly for ever, two fit persons shall be appointed as aforesaid, to be and act as Church or Chapel Wardens of the same Church or Chapel, one of such Church or Chapel Wardens to be appointed by the Minister for the time being, and the other by the said proprietors, or the major part of them, to be therein assembled in the said Church or Chapel for that purpose; and in case of the death of any Church or Chapel Warden during the year for which he shall have been elected, then and in every such ease a new Church or Chapel Warden shall be appointed by and out of the persons aforesaid, in such manner as the deceased Church or Chapel Warden shall have been appointed; and every such Church or Chapel Warden to be so appointed as last aforesaid, shall respectively be, and act as Church or Chapel Warden of the said intended Church or Chapel, until the Easter Wednesday next after his appointment.

XXIX. And be itfurther enacted, That the Minister for the time being of the said intended Church or Chapel is hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint proper persons to the offices of Clerk and Sexton, and of Organist (if any organ shall he set up in such intended Church or Chapel,) and of Ringers (if a set of bells shall be hung up in the steeple thereof,) and from time to time to remove or displace any such officer or officers, and to appoint any other or others in his or their stead, or in the stead of such of them as shall die or decline, or become incapable to perform his or their office or offices respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said intended Church or Chapel, and Minister and Church or Chapel Wardens, shall be under and subject to the ordinary jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York, and shall be visited in such manner as other churches within the diocese of York are visited.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the persons appointed to the said office of Church or Chapel Wardens of the said intended Church or Chapel as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and required to make, or cause to be made, a rate, sufficient to answer and pay the expences hereinafter mentioned, upon the proprietors of the pews and seats in the said intended Church or Chapel, in proportion to the value at the time of the sale thereof, of each pew and seat respectively, and to collect and receive every such rate from the said proprietors: and in case any proprietor or proprietors, his, her, or their executors or administrators, shall, at any time or times, neglect or refuse to pay the sum or sums assessed on him, her, or them respectively by any such rate, it shall be lawful for the said Church or Chapel Wardens, or one of them, to use such means for the recovery of every such rate, as by the laws and statutes of the realm are provided, for compelling the payment of assessments for the repairs of parish churches, and by and out of the monies arising by such rates, to find and provide bread and wine for the holy communion, and books and surplices for the Minister, and to pay all incidental charges and expences relating thereto, and also to pay all expences to be from to time incurred in preserving the windows of the said intended Church or Chapel whole and in good repair, and in keeping the inside of the said intended Church or Chapel at all times cleaned and painted, and in a neat decent state^'Suitable for the solemn celebration of Divine worship therein.

Class III.] Christ Church, Sculcoates.

19

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the keys of the said intended

Church or Chapel shall from time to time be kept by, and left in the custody of the Minister thereof for the time being, or of any one whom he may appoint; and the plate, furniture, records, and books belonging thereto, shall and may be deposited and kept in the vestry room of the said Key* of tl»e^ intended Church or Chapel, or in such other place as the proprietors of pews '/he *

and seats therein, or the major part of them, shall from time to time direct. Minister.

in a strong chest to be for that purpose provided, with two secure locks and different keys, one of which shall from time to time be kept by the said Minister, and the other by the said Church or Chapel Wardens for the time being.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the monies to be received by Application of the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, shall be applied by them, in payment Moums.

of the costs, charges, and expences of obtaining and passing the same, and then in erecting and completing the said intended Church or Chapel, and for other the purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the said lo

Trustees shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be amply and , Us tc* fully indemnified from and out of the monies to arise by virtue of this Act,

of and from all costs, charges, damages, and expences, which they or any of them, or their Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, shall and may sustain or be put unto for or by reason of any action, suit, or other proceeding, which may be had, sued, commenced, or prosecuted against them, or any or either of them, for any act, matter, or thing which may be by them, or any of them, legally done in or about the execution of this Act, and the trusts hereby in them reposed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no action or limitation of suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done AcL, ou#-

in pursuance of this Act, after the expiration of six calendar months next after the cause of action or suit shall arise, nor without twenty-one days notice shall have been given to him or them previous to the commencement of such action or suit, and every such action or suit shall be brought and tried in the said county of York, and not elsewhere; and if any such action or suit shall be brought before twenty-one days notice shall have been given, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon *uch *erdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then and in every such case the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant hath for costs of action or suit in other cases of law or equity.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act P^'htfofthe

contained shall prejudice, impeach, or defeat the right, title, interest, claim, 2*cuI '

or demand of the Vicar of the said Parish of Sculcoates, for the time being,

of, in, or to any tithes, offerings, oblations, obventions, or other ecclesiastical rights, dues, benefits, or advantages, arising within the same parish, and belonging to the Vicar thereof, or hi3 successors, (save the right of patronage, nomination, and right of presentation, to the said intended Church or Chapel,) but the same shall be paid and payable in the same manner as they would or ought to have been in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and to' ofUHiia'11* his heirs and successors, and to all and every other person or persons,

bodies politic and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, (other than those meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act,) all such estates, rights, titles, and interests as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by

all judges, justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Burial Ground for Sculeoalet,

[Parti.

90

87 0*o. m. c. 91.

CLASS IV.

BURIAL GROUND FOR SCULCOATES.

57 Geo. III. Cap. 21. Royal Assent 23rd May, 1817.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York.

WHEREAS the parish of Sculcoates otherwise Scowscotts, in the

East Riding of the County of York, is a very large and extensive parish, and the population thereof hath for many years greatly increased, and become so numerous that the church yard belonging thereto is not sufficiently large to contain the bodies of those who die in the said parish, and are required to be buried therein, without great inconvenience and annoyance to the inhabitants of the said parish; and it is therefore expedient that additional ground for burial should be provided for the use of the said parish; but the same cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament;

May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Reverend

Trustees. William Preston, vicar of the said parish of Sculcoates, the Reverend

George Mackereth, curate of the said parish, John Atkin and Richard Thompson, churchwardens of the said parish, and every succeeding vicar, curate, and churchwardens of the said parish, during such times as they shall respectively continue or be the vicar, curate, and churchwardens of the said parish for the time being, together with Anthony Atkinson, John Atkin, John Alderson, doctor of physic, Michael Andrew, Henry Broadley, Jonas Brown, Richard Boyle, John Blackshaw Briggs, Henry Coates, John Carrick, Francis Clifford, William Collinson the younger, Thomas Dikes, clerk, William Dikes, Stephen Dickinson, William Dunning, Joseph Egginton, Gardiner Egginton, John Frost, John Fox, Joseph Green, William Hall, William Hansell, James Hewitson, Charles Lutwidge, Robert Lundy, William Monday, John Marshall, James Norman, Joseph Robinson Pease, Thomas Stainland, Robert Smithson, Richard Thompson, John Todd of Wright-Street, John Todd of Savile street, Matthew Thomas Trigg, John Thornton, John Whitaker, Charles Whitaker, and John Youle, and their successors to be elected or appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall, during such time as they shall continue to act according to the provisions of this act, and are householders within the said parish, be and are hereby appointed trustees for carrying this act into execution; and that when any of the said trustees (except the vicar, curate, and churchwardens of the said parish for the time being) shall die, or refuse to act, or cease to he resident householders within the said parish, then the inhabitants of the said parish shall at their next or any other subsequent public meeting in vestry assembled, after such death, refusal, or discontinuing to act, or ceasing to be a resident householder within the said parish as aforesaid of any of the said trustees, appoint any other fit and proper person, being a resident householder within the said parish, to be a trustee in the room or stead of him who shall have so died, refused, or discontinued to act, or shall have ceased to be a resident householder as aforesaid.

For keeping up t II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from time to time and at all times hereafter, if the number of trustees appointed by this act,

o tub et*. or hereafter elected in pursuance thereof, shall, by reason of vacancies not

bong filled up, be reduced to ten, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining trustees, or any five or moie of them, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, as often as occasion shall require, to nominate, elect, and appoint other fit and proper persons, being substantial inhabitants and householders in the said parish, to be trustees with them, so as the trustees to be elected, together with the remaining trustees, do not exceed the number of forty; and such person or persons as shall be so nominated, elected and appointed a trustee or trustees as last mentioned, shall and may and is and are hereby empowered to act in the execution of this act, to all intents and purposes, as fully and effectually as any of the last-mentioned trustees is and are by this act empowered to act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons hereby appointed, or hereafter to be elected, chosen or appointed, a trustee or trustees for the purposes of this act, shall have any interest in the said intended additional burial ground, or in any part thereof, or shall have any share or interest in any contract for inclosing and fencing the same, or for erecting any building therein, or otherwise relating thereto, otherwise than as a trustee or trustees under this act, every such person and persons shall from thenceforth be utterly disabled and disqualified from acting in the execution of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall enter or cause to be fairly entered and written, and kept in one or more book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, all receipts, payments, debts, credits relating to the carrying into execution the purposes of this act, and all contracts made with or by the artificers and workmen to be employed in or about the inclosing or fencing the said intended additional burial ground, or eTeciingany building therein, and making the same fit and convenient for the burial of the dead therein, or in or about the pulling down, clearing, and carrying away the materials of any building or buildings standing on additional ground so to be purchased for the purposes aforesaid, or with or by aiiy person or persons to whom such materials shall be sold, or any way relating thereto; and also all other proceedings of the said trustees in the carrying the purposes of this act into execution; and shall also, by or out of the monies arising out of all or any the assessment or assessments to be made under or by virtue of this act, or by or out of any other sum or sums of money which shall come to their or tuy of their hands as trustees as aforesaid, for the purposes of this act, or to the hands of any treasurer or receiver to be by them appointed, shall pay for the purchase of such additional ground for burial, and for the inclosing and building upon the same, or removing any building or buildings erected thereon, or making the same fit for the burial of the dead, and all such other charges and expences as shall and may arise and be incident to the said trust, or carrying the purposes of this act into execution; and shall also pay all such charges and expences as shall have been paid or incurred in relation to obtaining and passing this act, or carrying iuto execution any of the purposes thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall and they are hereby authorized and required to meet at the Sculcoates public Hall, or any other convenient place in the said parish of Sculcoates, within fourteen days next after the passing of this act, and to proceed to put this Act in execution; and shall and may then and from time to time adjourn their meetings as they or any five or more of them shall think proper, and may also meet at any time or times, without adjournment, upon notice given to them by their clerk, to be appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, by the direction of the vicar, curate, or churchwardens of the parish for the time being, or any five or more of the said trustees, five days at the least before every such meeting; and that all acts and proceedings of the majority of any five or more of the said trustees assembled at any of their meetings shall be as valid and binding to all intents and purposes as if all the said trustees had been present and concurred therein.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said trustees from time to time to appoint a treasurer and clerk, and also a collector or collectors, receiver or receivers of the rates or assessments to be made by virtue of this act, and such other officers and persons, with such salaries, a&swaftcts or gratuities, as the said trustees shall thing necessary or ex-

57 Geo. Iff.

e. 21.

No Trustee to act where interested.

Proceedings of Trustees to be entered in Books.

First Meeting of Trustees.

Power to ad. journ, or to meet without Adjourn, meat.

Five competent to act

Trustees to appoint a Treasurer, Clerk, Col lectors, fc«. with Salsriee, Ate.

22 Burial Ground for Sculcoutct. [Part I.

57 Geo. III. pedient for effectuating the purposes of this act; and shall and may take c 2] security from the treasurer, collector or collectors, or receiver or receivers,

for the due execution of their respective offices, and for duly accounting - for the monies to be received by them respectively; and that it shall be

lawful for the said trustees from time to time to remove or discharge any such treasurer, clerk, collector, and other officers and persons as aforesaid, when and as they shall think proper, and to appoint others in their stead. Clerk not to act VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be aa Treasurer, and lawful for the said trustees to appoint the person who may be appointed to

v ce veraa. act as their clerk in the execution of this act, or the partner of any such

clerk, the treasurer for the purposes of this act, or to appoint the person who may be appointed treasurer, or the partner of any such treasurer, the clerk to the said trustees; and if any person shall act in both the capacities of clerk and treasurer for the purposes of this act, or if any person being the paitner of any such clerk shall act as treasurer, or being the partner of any such treasurer shall act as clerk, in the execution of this act, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of

fifty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be

recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit or information, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Officer! to ac. VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such officers so to be appointed,

count. shall, under their hands, at such time or times, and in such manner as the

said trustees shall direct, deliver to the said trustees, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to their charge by virtue of this act, and also of all the monies which shall have been by such officers respectively received by virtue and for the purpose of this act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what purposes, together with proper vouchers for such payments, and shall pay all such money as shall remain due from them respectively to the said trustees, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such treasurer shall, when thereunto required by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, lay his accounts before the said trustees in order that the same may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said officers so accounting as aforesaid shall, whenever thereunto required by the said trustees, verify their said accounts; and if any such officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify any such account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the vouchers relating to the same, or to make payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said trustees, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within twenty-one days after having been thereunto required by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, by notice in writing, given to or left at the last or usual place of abode of such officer, all books, papers and writings in his custody or power relating to the execution of this act, or give satisfaction to the said trustees respecting the same, then and in any such case, upon complaint made by the said trustees, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, of any such refusal or wilful neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, city or place wherein such officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a warrant under his hand and seal for the officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and if upon the confession of the party, or by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such justice that any of the monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of this act shall remain due from such officer, such justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon non-payment thereof, by warrant under his band and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer, and if no goods and chattels of such officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of distraining and selling the said

23

goods and chattels, or if it shall appear to such justice that such officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the vouchers relating thereto, or that any books, papers or writings relating to the execution of this act shall be in the custody or power of such officer, and he shall have refused and wilfully neglected to deliver up or give satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in every such case such justice shall commit such otfender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the county, riding, city or place where such offender shall be or reside, there to remain without bail or main prize until he shall give and make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said trustees for such money, and shall have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint (which composition the said trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive,) and until he shall deliver up such books, papers and writings, or give satisfaction in respect thereof to the said trustees, but no such officer shall be detained or kept in such common Gaol or House of Correction for want of such sufficient distress by virtue of this act, for any longer space of time than six calendar months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall and they are hereby required to order or direct a book or books, to be provided and kept by their clerk for the time being, in which book or books such clerk shall enter or cause to be entered true and regular accounts of all sums of money received, paid, laid out and expended under or by virtue of this act, and of the several articles, matters and things for which such sums of money shall have been disbursed, laid out and paid, which book or books shall at all seasonable times be open to the inspection of the said trustees, or any creditor or creditors on, or any person who shall pay to, any rate or assessment, rates or assessments, to be made under or by virtue of this act, without fee or reward; and the said trustees, creditors, and all such persons aforesaid, shall and may take copies of or extracts from the said book or books, or any part or parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the said clerk shall refuse to permit the said trustees, or such creditors, or any such person or persons as aforesaid, or any of them, to inspect the same, or take such copies or extracts as aforesaid, such clerk shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied and recovered in manner hereinafter mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall from time to time sue and be sued in the name of the clerk to the trustees for the time being, and that no action or suit so brought or commenced shall abate or be discontinued by the death of the said clerk, or by any act of the said clerk, without the consent of the said trustees; but that such clerk shall be always deemed plaintiff or defendant in any action or suit, as the case shall happen: Provided always, that such clerk shall be reimbursed out of the monies arising or to arise by virtue of this act, and indemnified against all such costs, charges, damages and expences, as by the event or in consequence of any such action, or suit he shall be put unto, or become charged or chargeable with, by reason or on account of any such action or suit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five or more of them (whereof the vicar or curate for the time being of the said parish shall be one,) and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time when and so often as it shall be judged necessary and expedient by them to obtain additional ground for burial, to treat, contract and agree with the owners of, and all other persons anywise interested in, any lands, grounds, buildings, tenements or hereditaments within the said parish, for the purchase therebf, or of any part or quantity thereof, for the making additional ground for burial for the use of the said parish, provided that the quantity of land so to be purchased, whether the same shall be purchased at the same time, or at different periods, as additional ground for burial may be wanted, shall not in the whole exceed three acres.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all such land as shall be so purchased by the said trustees under the provisions of this act, for the making additional ground for burial, shall, when consecrated, for ever thereafter be appropriated, used, and employed for the purpose of burying the bodies of such persons as shall die in the said parish, or shall be thought proper

57 Geo. in. c. 21.

Accounts to lie kept of Receipts and Disbursements, which shall be open to the inspection of the Trustees and Creditora.

To sne and be sued in the nuns of the Clerk to the Trustees.

Clerk to be indemnified.

Power to purchase Lands, fce.

rtow the Ground so fb he purchased shall be applied.

67 Geo. III. c' 21.

Incapacitated Person* im powered to sell.

Direction* for applying Pur. chase Money, if 200£. and up* wards.

Whera las tha» f00£. and ex. oaMiafTtf.

and required to be buried therein, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, and all feoffees in trust, committees, executors, administrators, guardians, and other trustees whatsoever, and for all husbands, femes covert, and other persons whatsoever, seised, possessed of, or interested in any houses, edifices, lands, grounds, tenements or hereditaments, from time to time to contract for, sell and convey the same for the purposes aforesaid, not only for and on behalf of themselves, but also for and on the behalf of their Cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whatsoever; and all such contracts or agreements, sales, conveyances and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, estate, interest, use, trust, property, claim and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestui que trusts, and all claiming or to claim by, from, through or under them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all money which shall De paid for the purchase of any lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments purchased by virtue of the powers of this act for the purposes thereof, which shall belong to any body politic, corporate or collegiate, or to any feoffee in trust, executors, administrators, husband, guardian, committee, or other trustee for or on behalf of any infant, idiot, lunatic, ferae covert or other Cestui que trust, or to any person whose lands, tenements or hereditaments are limited in strict or other settlement, or to any persons under any other disability or incapacity whatsoever, shall, in case the same shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the Bank of England in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his account ex parte the trustees for carrying this act into execution, to the intent that such money shall be applied, under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, to be signified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the person or persons wr«o would have been entitled to the rents and profit of the said lands, grounds, tenements, buildings and hereditaments, in the purchase or redemption of the land tax, or discharging any debt or debts, or such other incumbrance, oc part thereof, as the aaid court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, or affecting other lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like uses, trusts, intents or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like direction and approbation of the said court in the purchase of other lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like uses, trusts, intents and purposes, and in the same manner as the lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time and until such purchase shall be made, the said money shall, by order of the said court, upon application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his name, in the purchase of three pounds per centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or three pounds per centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meau time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said Consolidated or Ruduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments so directed to be purchased by virtue of this act, in case such purchase or settlement were made.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so agreed to be paid for any lands, grounds, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments purchased for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any oovponv tion, or to any person or persons under any disability or incapacity u aforesaid, shall be lets than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall

Class IV.] Burial Ground for Sculcoates. 25

exceed or be equal to the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, in case of infancy, lunacy, or idiotcy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like option, to two trustees, to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved by three or more of the trustees for carrying this act into execution, such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties, in order that such principal money, and the dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so fiar as the case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direction or approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVI. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That where such money o agreed to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands or hereditaments bo purchased for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the trustees for the carrying this act into execution, or any three or more of them shall think fit, or in case of infancy, idiotcy, or lunacy, then such money shall be paid to his her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the certificate and certificates to be given by the said Accountant General, together with the receipt and receipts of one of the cashiers of the Bank of England to be thereunto annexed, and therewith filed in the register office of the said Court of Chancery, of the payment into the Bank of England by the trustees for carrying this act into execution, of their purchase money, or an office copy or office copies of the same certificates and receipts, shall from time to time and at all times be and be deemed and taken to be a good and mfficient discharge to such trustees, their successors, heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, for so much of the said purchase monies for which such certificate or certificates, and receipt or receipts as aforesaid, shall respectively be given, and that after the filing of such certificate or certificates and receipt or receipts as aforesaid, the said trustees, their successors, heirs, executors and administrators, shall be and is and are hereby absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any loss, misapplication, or nonapplication thereof, or of any part thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any question shall arise touching the title of any person to any money to be paid into the Bank of England in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this act, for the purchase of any lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, or of any estate, right or interest in any lands, grounds, tenements, build-mgs or hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this act, of to any hank annuities, to be purchased with any such money, or the dividends or interest of any such bank annuities, the person or persons who shall have been in possession of such lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, at the time of such purchase, and all persons claiming under such person or persons, or under the possession of such person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, according to such possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the dividends and interest of the bank annuities to be purchased with inch money, and all the capital of such bank annuities, shall be applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said coart that such poase&ion was a wrongfal possession, and that some

D

57 Geo. III. c. 21.

Where lex then

2<>X\

The Trustee* under this Ac! ttniemnifird id |m\ injf Purr'we Money into Court.

Provision* where Question shall nri*e touching the Titles to Money paid into the Bank.

n

L.

26

Burial Ground for Seal coales. [Part I.

57 Geo. III. c. 21.

The Court of liancrn may «nlt*r reasonable Kx|h, ikts of Ptnchaw* made out of Money in (ourt to be paid by »he Trustees.

Trustee* tn incluHC Ground, kc.

Walls, kr to be kept iu repair.

kt.

Old Materials to

be wild.

Ground to lie f onset rated.

1*andt, kv. Mater sis, and oilier tiliIt vewted in the TrusUea.

other person or persons was or were entitled to such lands, grounds, tenements, buildings and hereditaments, or some estate or interest therein.

XTX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any disability or incapacity of the person or persons, or corporation entitled to any lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments to be purchased under the authority of this set, the purchase money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, or into the Bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of that court, and to be applied in the purchase of other lands, grounds, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, to lie settled to the like uses iu pursuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the expences of all purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this act, or so much of such expences at the said court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said trustees or their treasurer, out of the monies to be received by virtue or in pursuance of this act, who shall from time to time pay such sums of money for such purposes as the said court shall direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees shall, when and as soon as any such purchase or purchases shall be made and completed by virtue of this act, of any additional ground for burial, cause the same, or such part or parts thereof as they or any five or more of them shall judge necessary, to be cleared of all erections and buildings which shall or may be standing thereon or therein, and to he inclosed and fenced-in with good and substantial brick walls or other fences, and do all other things necessary and proper for making such ground fit and convenient for the burial of the dead, and may, if they think necessary, cause a convenient room or building to be erected on some part of the said ground for the accommodation of the officiating minister in performing the burial service.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all such brick wails, or other fences and buildings so to be erected, shall for ever thereafter be kept and maintained in good and proper repair and condition, and the expences thereof shall be payed and defrayed by and out of the annual church rates and assessments raised and levied or to be raised and levied in the said parish.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all old materials which shall belong to the trustees upon taking down any buildings, walls and erections UDder the provisions of this act, shall be sold and disposed of to the best advantage; and the money arising thereby be applied towards the expences of putting this act into execution, or be employed in making the new walls, fences, or improvements hereby directed to be made, as the said trustees or any five or more of them shall think advisable.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the ground so purchased as aforesaid shall, when inclosed and fenced-in as aforesaid, be consecrated according to the usage of the church of England, and shall for ever thereafter be used as and for additional burial grounds for the said parish of Scul-coates.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the property of and in the lands, grounds, buildings, tenements and hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and of and in all tools, materials, implements, and other matters and things which shall be purchased, provided or made use of for the purposes of this act, shall belong to and be the property of and the same are hereby vested in the said trustees: and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any action or actions, or to prefer or cause, direct or order to be preferred, any bill or bills of indictment (as the case shall require) against any person or persons who shall disturb them or any of them in the possession thereof, or who shall steal, take, carry away, or detain all or any of the tools, materials, implements and other matters and things which shall be so purchased, provided or made use of for the purposes of this act; and in every such action or bill of indictment it shall be sufficient to state generally that the lands, grounds, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, or the article or articles, thing or things for or on account of which such action or actions shall be brought, or bill or bills of indictment preferred, is or are the property of the trustees for providing an additional burial ground for the parish of Sculcoates in

Clattiv.]

Burial Ground for Sculcoates.

27

l*.*-r to ran* Money by a Kate

on the Inhabitants.

the East Riding of the County of York, without particularly stating or 67 Geo. Hi. specifying the names of all or any of the said trustees. c. 21.

XXV. And for the raising competent sums of money to pay for the purchase of such ground, and for making the same fit and convenient for the purposes aforesaid, and for all other purposes attending the same, and for defraying the necessary charges and expences thereof, and also the expences of obtaining, passing, and executing this act; Be it further enacted, that from and after the passing of this act it shall be lawful for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, (oi whom some one of the churchwardens of the said parish shall be one) from time to time to make one or more rate or assessment, rates or assessments on all the occupiers of houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments within the said parish of Sculcoates, liable to the rates fur the relief of the poor, such rate or assessment, rates or assessments, to be sealed, regulated, ascertained and proportioned by the assessment made for the relief and support of the poor of the said parish next preceding every rate or assessment to he made by virtue of this act for the purposes last mentioned, and which rate or assessment, rates or assessments shall not in any one year exceed ninepence in the pound, and shall be allowed and signed by any two or more justices of the peace for the said East Riding of the County of York; and after such rate or assessment, rates or assessments shall have been so made and confirmed, the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall have full power and authority and are hereby authorised and required to order or cause the same to be collected by and paid to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said trustees to collect the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That incase any person or persons Ib-e«v*ry of shall for the space of ten days next after such rate or assessment, rates or assessments, shall .have become due, neglect or refuse to pay the same," |iay, u then it shall be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace

for the East Riding of the said County, by warrant or warrants under his or their band and seal, or bands and seals, to levy or cause to be levied the same rate or assessment, rates or assessments, upon every or any of the person or persons liable to pay the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, by distress or distresses of the goods and chattels belonging to the person or persons neglecting or refusing to pay the same, and the goods and chattels so distrained to detain and keep, or cause to be detained and kept, until such rate or assessment, rates or assessments, together with the reasonable charges of such distress or distresses shall be paid; and that it shall be lawful for such person or persons so distraining, after the space of four days next after such distress or distresses made and taken, to sell or cause to be sold, the goods and chattels so distrained, returning the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners thereof after such rate or assessment, rates or assessments, and all reasonable charges for or by reason of distraining, keeping and selling the same, shall be deducted and paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said collector to be appointed Collector to p*y

as aforesaid shall from time to time pay over all and every the sum and

sums of money by him collected and received, to the treasurer to the said the wiu VrukU-t*. trustees, or to such person or persons as the said trustees, or any five or

more of them, shall by any writing or writings under their bands, authorize and empower to receive the same, to be applied according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and not otherwise; and every such collector shall miter in a book, or books to be kept by him for that pur|>ose all and every sum and sums of money which he shall have received or collected under or by virtue of this act, or by reason or means of such his office, with the times of his receiving the same, and shall make such entries, and keep the account of money so received and collected, in such manner and form, in such book or books, as shall be directed by such trustees, or any ive or more of them, from time to time; and every such collector shall upon oath, as often as required by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said East Riding of the County of York, (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without fee or reward,) give a true, exact, and perfect account in writing under his hand of all monies which he shall have collected, levied or received, by virtue of his said office.

28

Burial Ground for Sculcoates. [Part L

57 Geo. III. c. 21.

No Person of the age of Sixty year* &c. to-be appointed Collector.

Power to borrow Money on the credit of the Rales.

Form of the (Jrant of Security.

Securities may be transferred.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person or persons who shall be of the age of sixty years or upwards, or any woman or women shall be appointed collector or collectors of the rates under this act, nor shall any person or persons who shall have been collector or collectors as aforesaid be again compelled to take upon himself or themselves the said office or offices for the space of ten yean next after such service, nor shall any person or persons who shall have paid the said penalty be compelled to serve as collector or collectors under this act, without his or their consent respectively.

XXIX. And, for the more effectually enabling the said trustees to execute the purposes of this act in the most expeditious manner. Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time and at all times when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and take up at interest, of or from any person or persons who shall be willing to lend and advance the same, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole, at any one time, the sum of two thousand pounds, upon the credit of the rates or assessments to be made by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid, and by any writing or writings under their hands to assign the said rates or assessments, or a competent part thereof, to the person or persons who shall advance and lend such money thereupon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with lawful interest for the same, which interest shall be payable and paid half yearly by the treasurer for the time being to the said trustees, out of the monies to arise or be received by or from the said rates and assessments; and all and every sum and sums of money so to be advanced and lent, and the interest thereof, shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be paid and payable from time to time, free from all charges, taxes, and deductions, out of the money arising from the said rates or assessments hereby authorized or directed to be made and levied as aforesaid, and of all charges, taxes and deductions whatsoever of the same principal money, or the interest thereof; and all persons who shall be possessed of the said securities shall be creditors on the said rates or assessments in equal degree, one with another, and without preference, in respect to the time of his her or their advancing money thereon, or otherwise howsoever; and every such grant, assignxient or security, shall be in the form or to the effect following (that is to say,)

" By virtue of an act, passed in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of " King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert ike title "this act] We, [five of the trustees] appointed by virtue of the said " act, in consideration of the sum of pounds advanced

" and paid by to the treasurer appointed in pursuance

" of the said act, upon the credit and for the purposes of the said act," do grant and assign, unto the said his executors,

" administrators and assigns, such proportions of the rates or ibices " ments arising by virtue of the said act, as the said sum of 11 pounds doth or shall bear to the whole sum which is or shall be " borrowed upon the credit of the same act, to be had and holden from " this day of until the said sum of

" pounds, together with interest at and alter the rate of "per centum per annum for the same, to be paid half-yearly, shall be " repaid and satisfied. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our " hands and seals, this day of in the year of our

" Lord one thousand eight hundred and ."

And every such grant or mortgage shall be good, valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons who shall be entitled to any of the securities aforesaid, and his her or their executors, administrators and assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his her or their hand or hands respectively, to arnign over or transfer such securities by indorsement, to any person or persons whomsoever, and the person or persons to whom such assignment or transfer shall be made, or the person or persons for the time being entitled to such securities, may in like manner assign or transfer the same again, and so teties quoties s and every such assignment or transfer, alter the same shall respectively be entered by the clerk for the time being to the said trustees, in the manner hereinafter directed, shall entitle the person or persons to whom

Class IV.] Burial Groundfor Sculcoates. 29

they shall be rrapectively made, or who shall be for the time being entitled thereto, and his her or their executors, administrators and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities so assigned or transferred; and the form of such assignment or transfer shall be in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say)

I [or. We] being entitled to the sum of ________ payable with interest, after the rate of payable to me

[or, us] my [or our] executors, administrators or assigns, by virtue of a mortgage or assignment, bearing date the day

under the hands and seals of of the

trustees acting in execution of an act, passed in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, inti tied, An Act [here set "forth the title of this ad] upon the credit, or arising out of the rates or assessments arising by the said act, do hereby transfer all my [or, our] right and title in and to the same, and the money now due and to grow due thereon, unto his executors, administrators and assigns, subject to such right of redemption of the same sum and interest, as by the said act the same is liable or made subject to. Dated this .day of in the year one thousand eight hundred and ."

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That copies of all such grants, assignments, or securities which shall be made in pursuance of this act, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, by the clerk to the said trustees, or by such other person as the said trustees shall appoint, which book or books any person interested shall at all seasonable times have access to, and free liberty to inspect without fee or reward; and for the entry of every such grant, assignment or security, there shall be paid to the said clerk or person the sum of five shillings, and no more; and after such entry made every such transfer shall entitle the person or persons to whom the same shall be made, and his her and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security thereby transferred, and the person or persons to whom such grant, assignment, or transfer shall be made, shall be creditors on the said rates in equal degree ooe with another, and shall have no preference in respect of the priority of advancing any such money.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every grant, assignment or mortgage, which shall be made by virtue of this act for any sum of money which shall be borrowed by the said trustees on the credit of the said rates or assessments as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be made liable or subject to, and may be redeemed by the said trustees at such times and in such manner as the mid trustees shall think fit, six calendar months previous notice having been given to the person or persons entitled to such sum lent on the credit of such rates or assessments by the said trustees, of their intention of redeeming the same, and full payment of the principal sum so borrowed, and interest after the rate at which the same shall be so borrowed being made to such person or persons, and he, she or they may and are authorized to call for the payment thereof as he, she or they shall think fit, giving the like notice to the said trustees or their clerk.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the interest for the said mortgages, or any part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the space of thirty days next after the same shall become due and be payable as aforesaid, and have been demanded, then it shall be lawful for the said trustees, and they are hereby required, on application to them made by any creditor or creditors whose interest shall be so in arrear, by an order under their hands and seals, to appoint one or more person or persons to receive the whole or any part or parts of the said rates or assessments, and that the money so to be received by such person or persons, shall be so received to and for the use and benefit of the person or persons to whom such interest in arrear shall be due, and shall be paid to him, her or them accordingly; and when the interest so in arrear, as well as the interest which shall accrue and grow due whilst the person or persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall be in the receipt of such rates and assessments, together with the costs and ebarges of recovering, receiving and paying over the same in manner afore-mid, shall be folly satisfied and paid, the power and authority of such receiver or receivers for the purposes aforesaid shall cease and be it an end; or otherwise, if such creditor shall think proper, such interest so due and in

£7 Geo. nt. c. 21.

Form of Transfer.

Copies of Grant *, fee. to be entered in a Book.

Mortgage* may be redeemed by the Trustees.

fntemt of Mortgage how to be recovered.

57 Geo. III. c. 21.

Power to appoint Sexton.

Fee* for Vaulls and Graves of Non.Paroh-loners.

The ame Fee* to be paid for Furiitl* in the Ground ai

nrc now |>a d m

the proeoi Church yard.

Expenre of making Vault *, bow and by whom to be-de-frayed.

arrear as aforesaid shall and may be sued for and recovered from the said trustees by him her or them, with costs of suit, by an action of debt, or on the case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the parishioners at large of the said parish, at a vestry meeting, to be called for that purpose by the churchwardens fur the time being of the said parish, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper person to be sexton of the said parish, and who shall be willing to accept the said office; and that such person so to be elected sexton as aforesaid shall and be is hereby required to perform the said office of sexton, and shall receive as a remuneration for his trouble the sum of ten pounds yearly (over and above the sum of two shillings for the funeral of a person above twelve years of age, and one shilling for the funeral of a person under that age, to be paid to him on each funeral by such person or persons as shall pay or be liable to pay the usual funeral fees,) such annual sum to be paid to him on the first day of April and the first day of November in every year, by equal portions, by the churchwardens and overseers of the said parish for the time being, out of the monies arising from the usual annual church rates and assessments laid upon the inhabitants of the 'said parish: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said vicar, curate, and churchwardens for the time being of the said parish, and they are hereby required and empowered to dismiss the said person so to be appointed sexton as aforesaid, whenever they shall deem such person shall, on account of incapacity, neglect, refusal to act, or other improper conduct, be no longer fit to hold the said office of sexton; and upon such dismissal, or upon the death, neglect, or refusal to act of any sexton, to call a vestry meeting for the purpose of electing another fit and proper person to act as sexton in the room or stead of the person so dismissed, dead, or who shall have neglected or refused to act as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the churchwardens for the time being of the said parish, for the ground occupied by the grave of each person dying out of the parish, if a non-parishioner of the same (but not otherwise,) the sum of seven shillings and sixpence: and for every vault made by a non-parishioner in such old or new burial ground of the said parish, after the rate of five shillings for every square foot of the ground covered by such vault; and one half of the total sum to be paid for such purpose is hereby directed and required to be paid by the said churchwardens to the vicar for the time being of the said parish; and for every vault made by an inhabitant of the said parish in the said old or new burial ground, after the rate of two shillings and sixpence for every square foot of the ground covered by such vault, and one half of the total sum to be paid for such purpose is hereby directed and required to be paid by the said churchwardens to the vicar for the time being,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the vicar or curate for the time being of the said parish of Sculcoates shall be entitled to and receive, in respect of such uew burying ground, all such fees, dues and emoluments as are or hereafter shall be payable and by law apertain or are incident to the office of vicar or curate of the said parish for burials in the present church yard of the said parish, except as herein before mentioned with respect to the making of new vaults.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a person shall obtain consent to erect and build a vault either in the present burial ground of the said parish, or in the ground to be purchased in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall make and dig such vault at bis, her, or their own expence, and at the like expence shall take, lead, and carry away the mould, soil, earth or rubbish which may be thrown up from the excavation to be made, so that the same shall not nor do remain in either the present burial ground of the said parish, or in such ground to be purchased as aforesaid, for any longer time than may be necessary for carrying or leading away the same; and in case such person or persons shall neglect or refuse to take, lead, and carry away the same, for the space of ten days after notice in writing for that purpose given to him her or them by either of the churchwardens of the said parish for the time being, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay any such sum not exceeding forty shillings for every day the same shall continue after such notice.

Class IV.]

Burial Ground for Sculcoates.

31

XXXVIII. And whereas the church of the said parish is at a considerable distance from the most populous part of the said parish, and it is desirable that some regular hour should be fixed and appointed for funerals; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, when any person or persons is or are to be buried in the present burial ground of the said parish, or that to be purchased as aforesaid, after consecration of the same, the funeral or funerals of such person or persons shall take place between the hours of two and three of the clock in the afternoon; and if it shall happen that any funeral shall by the desire or neglect of the person or persons conducting the same, not take place between the hours aforesaid, then and in every such case there shall be paid to the vicar nr curate, clerk and sexton of the said parish respectively, the following further sum or sums of money, over and above the usual fees due on every burial (that is to say,) to the vicar for the time being there shall be paid the further sum of five shillings, to the clerk for the time being the further sum of two shillings and sixpence; and to the sexton for the time being the further sum of one shilling.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the consecration of the ground so to be purchased in pursuance of this act, no grave hereafter to be made in the said intended new burial ground, or in the preseut burial ground of the said parish, shall be less thau six feet deep for the first time of burying in such grave.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied in pursuance of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity committed or suffered after such distress, but the party or parties aggrieved thereby shall and may recover only a satisfaction for the special damage he she or they shall have sustained thereby, with full costs of suit; provided nevertheless, that no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for any such irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made by the party or parties distraining, before such action brought.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That out of the first monies which shall be received by virtue of this act, or out of the first monies which shall be borrowed or raised upon the credit of the rates hereinbefore granted, the said trustees shall pay and defray all the costs, charges, and expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this act, in preference to all other payments whatsoever; and after payment thereof, all the money which shall arise or come into the hands of the said trustees or their treasurer, shall from time to time be applied in carrying into execution the purposes of this act, and in defraying all charges and expences attending the same, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, the manner of recovering which is not hereby otherwise directed, shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant of any justice or justices of the peace for the county or place wherein the offender or offenders shall be or reside, which warrant such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized to grant, upon confession of the party, or upon the information of any credible witness upon oath, and the penalties or forfeitures shall (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this act) be paid to the treasurer to the said trustees, and applied for such of the purposes of this act as the said trustees shall think proper; and in case such penalties or forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon demand made before such justice or justices, or sufficient distress cannot be found, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his and their hand and seal or hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction within such county or place, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for any time not exceeding six calendar mouths, nnless such penalties or forfeitures, and all reasonable charges attending the recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XU1I. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any conviction shall be had for any offence or offences committed against this act, or

57 Geo. HI. c. 21.

Time fixed for Burials, &c.

Limitin': the depth of Graves li«-r»*after to be made.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form.

For paying the Kx pence* of the Act

Recovery and application of PeualLies.

Form of Con vie. tioa.

57 Geo. mA c. 21.

Allowing an Appeal.

Notice to be given before any Action commenced.

Amends may b« tendered before Action brought.

against any order of sessions, or any matter or thing done in the execution of this act, the form of conviction shall be in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say,)

> " Be it remembered, That on this day of

to wit. 5 " in the year of our Lord A. B. is convicted

" before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

" the of having [as the case may be, ] and I, [or, we, ] the

"said justice [or, justices, ] do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit " and pay for the same the sum of

" Given under my hand and seal, [or, our hands and seals, ] the " day and year aforesaid."

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, or by reason of any order, judgment, or determination of any justice or justices of the peace, acting in the execution of this act, or by any matter or thing done under or in pursuance thereof, then and in every such case he she or they may appeal to the next general Quarter Session of the peace which shall be holden for the said East Riding, which shall happen next after the expiration of thirty days after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, such appellant or appellants first giving or causing to be given ten days notice at the least of such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the party or parties appealed against, and within two days next after such notice entering into a recognizance in the sum of twenty pounds before some justice of the peace for the said riding, conditioned for prosecuting such appeal, and to abide the order the Teon, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such sessions; and the justices assembled at such sessions, upon due proof of such notice having been given, and of entering into such recognizance, shall hear and determine the matter of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper, and also to order and award such satisfaction to be made to the party injured as they shall think just and reasonable.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing by him her or them done in pursuance of this act, until notice in writing of such intended action or suit shall have been delivered to him her or them, or left at his her or their last or usual place of abode, by the party intending to commence such action or suit, or his or her attorney or agent, one calendar month at least before such action or suit shall be commenced, in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action which the plaintiff hath, or claimeth to have, against such person or persons, and on the back of such notice shall be indorsed the name of such plaintiff, his attorney or agent; and that no such plaintiff shall recover tfby verdict in any such case where the action shall be grounded on any act or acts done in pursuance or under colour of this act, unless it be proved upon the trial to be had thereupon that such notice was given as aforesaid, that in default thereof such defendant or defendants shall recover a verdict, together with his her or their full costs of suit.

XLVI. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for any anch defendant or defendants, within one calendar month next after such notice given as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, and in case the same be not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or her, together with the plea of not guilty, or any other plea, with leave of the court where such action shall depend; and if upon issue joined thereon the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants, and in such case, or in case the plaintiff Rhall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or her action, or m case judgment shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded tb« general issue only; and if upon issue joined the jury shall fiud that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants on such other plea or pleas, then they shall give

33

a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, which he shall recover, together with his or their costs of suit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be permitted to he given by the plaintiff on the trial of any such action as aforesaid, of any cause of action except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That neither the said trustees, or any of them, or any inhabitant of the said parish, shall in any action, prosecution, information, cause, hearing, examination, or other proceeding whatsoever. relating to or concerning the execution of this act, or concerning the said parish, be deemed an incompetent witness or witnesses by reason rf hisher or their being such trustee or trustees or his her or their being such inhabitant or inhabitants as aforesaid, or his her or their being charged with or liable to pay any rate or assessment, to be raised, levied and collected under or by virtue of this act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be brought and commenced within three calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterward *, and be laid and brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in 'Uch action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, tnd the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such action or suit, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedy for such costs as any other defendant or defendants bath or have for costs in any case by law.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taien to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

57 Geo. III. c. 21.

No Evidence ou Trial of other cause of Actioi> then mentioned iu such Notice.

Trustees and Inhabitants not to lie incompetent Witu esses.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Public Act

E

PART II

Person* not to rain a Settlement by paying the Rates

That Bastards, if born in the Gaol, lie. shall follow the Settlement of the Mother.

Preamble recites 9and lOWilUJl.

POOR *

CLASS I. — POOR OF HULL.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 55. 1783.

An Act for building a New Goal, &c. Title tee page S.J

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons who shall be charged with or pay any rate or assessment to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall gain, or be thereby deemed or construed to gain, any settlement in the said parish of the Holy Trinity, for himself, or any of his or their family.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act no bastard which shall be born in the Workhouse or House of Correction, now made use of, or hereafter to be made use of as such, or in the new intended Goal for the said town of Kingston-upon-Hnll, or in the General Infirmary or Hospital intended to be erected near the said town, shall obtain or be entitled to a settlement within the parish or parishes respectively wherein such Workhouse or House of Correction, Gaol, of General Infirmary or Hospital, do or shall stand, by means of such birth, but shall follow the settlement of the mother of such bastard, in case the settlement of such mother can be known or proved; but if the settlement of the mother cannot be known or proved, then such bastard shall be entitled to settlement by birth.

5 Geo. IV. Cap. 13. Royal Assent, 31st March, 1824.

An Act for the better Maintenance, Employment and Regulation of the Poor of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for repairing or rebuilding the Workhouse there.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the ninth and tenth yean of the reign of King William the Third, intituled," An Act for erecting Work-houses and Houses of Correction in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there," whereby the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town for the time being, and four-and-twenty other persons, to be chosen out of the honestest and discreetest inhabitants of the said town, by the six wards in the said town; (that is to say,) four out of each ward, to be elected and constituted as is therein mentioned,

There it no local Act for the Poor of Sculenates, they are managed by the general Law of the lnn«), and particularly by the 22 Geo III. c. 83, commonly called Gilbert's Act, tad acVerul Acts tubscquently pawed for araeuding the same

35

Class I.]

Poor of Hull.

were and are incorporate by the name of " The Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants and Guardians of the Poor in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull/* and were empowered in their courts or assemblies, from time to time, to set down and ascertain what sum or sums of money would be needful for the building and erecting of Hospitals, Workhouses or Houses of Correction, so that the same did not exceed the sum of two thousand pounds; and also, what sum or sums of money would be needful for the maintenance of the poor, and the other purposes therein mentioned, so that the same did not exceed what had beed paid in the said town towards the maintenance of the poor thereof in any one of the three last years; and under their common seal to certify the same unto the mayor, recorder and alder* men of the said town for the time being, who were thereby required from time to time to cause the same to be raised and levied by taxation of every inhabitant and of all lands, houses, tithes impropriate, appropriation of tithes, and all stocks and estates in the said town, and the lordship of Myton, adjoining and belonging to the said town, in equal proportion, according to their respective worths and values; and in order thereunto, the said mayor and aldermen were empowered indifferently to proportion out the said sum and sums of money upon each parish and preciuct within the said town, and by their warrants to authorise and require the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of each respective parish and precinct to assess the same respectively; and after such assessment made and returned, the said mayor and aldermen were empowered to approve confirm or alter such assessments, and by warrant to authorise the collection thereof, and the recovery of the same, by distress and sale, or by the commitment of any offenders; and divers other powers and authorities were thereby given to and vested in the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, for the care, maintenance and employment of the poor of the said town.

1L And whereas an act was passed in the eighth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual provision for the poor in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull," whereby the said corporation were empowered, in such manner and by such ways and means as by the said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third was prescribed for the raising the assessments thereby intended from time to time, as need should require, to assess such further sum or sums of money annually, not exceeding the sum of one hundred and thirty pounds per annum, as should be needful, to be employed for the purposes in the said recited act mentioned.

III. And whereas an act was passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled," An Act for explaining, amending and

more effectual two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, for erecting Workhouses and Houses of Correction in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there; and the other passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual provision of the poor in the said town whereby amongst other things, the said corporation were empowered, in such manner, and by such ways and means, as by the said recited act of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, was prescribed for the raising the assessments thereby intended to be raised, from time to time to certify and assess such sum or sums of money as should be necessary for the maintenance of the poor of the said town within or under the care of the aid corporation, so as that the same should not in any one year exceed the sum of six hundred and fifty pounds.

IV. And whereas an act was passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled," An Act for explaining amending and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys, in the said town, and preventing obstructions therein, and for preserving the lamps which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners whereby, amongst other things, after reciting the said three former act. *, and setting forth that by reason of the continual increase of the poor in the

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

36

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Recite* that the mode in which the Poor Rate* had been ascertained had ere. ated an unequal chargr and that other powers and provisions were necessary.

That the Town

consists of Two Parishes and Six Wards, one of which is divided into two parts, and that My ton has of late years been considered a "Ward.

That Overseers have been appointed to the said Wards and the said Precinct of My ton, notwithstanding' Doubts as to the Legality of such appointment.

That it would tend to facilitate the Collection of the Poor's Rates if Myton was divided into two Wards, and if Trinity Ward was constituted One Ward only.

Poor of Hull. [Part II.

said town, under the care of the said corporation, the sum of six hundred and fifty pounds in the last recited of such acts mentioned, together with the revenues and other income of the said corporation, were not sufficient to maintain the said poor, or to discharge the large debts contracted by the said corporation (part of which debts were contracted in building or repairing the workhouse in the said town,) the said corporation were and are empowered in any of their courts or assemblies from time to time, to set down, ascertain and certify, unto the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town, what weekly, monthly, or other sum or sums of money should be necessary for the maintenance of such poor, so as such sum or sums did not, in any one year, exceed in the whole the sura of one thousand pounds, except it should happen that the sum of one thousand pounds should in some years not be sufficient for maintaining and setting to work such poor, in which case, as often as any such deficiency should be foreseen or apprehended, the said corporation were and are empowered in any of their courts or assemblies to be called and held in the manner therein prescribed, to certify to the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town, what weekly, monthly, or other sum or sums of money would be necessary for such purposes in the next ensuing year, although amounting in the whole to more than the said sum of one thousand pounds; and the said mayor and aldermen were and are thereupon empowered to proportion, assess, raise and levy, or cause to he assessed, raised and levied, the sum or sums of money so certified, or so much thereof as they should judge necessary, although amounting in the whole to more than the sum of one thousand pounds.

V. And whereas the mode in which the poor rates in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull have, by virtue of the powers and provisions of the said recited acts, hitherto been ascertained, certified, apportioned and assessed, hath been found to create an unequal charge upon the persons and property rated, and to be otherwise inexpedient, and the powers and provisions of the said recited acts for assessing and collecting such rates, have been found defective and insufficient, and it would tend to facilitate the execution of the purposes of the said recited acts, if other powers and provisions were granted and made in lieu thereof, and whereby the said rates may be equalized, and the better collection thereof effected.

VI. And whereas the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull consists of two parishes, videlicet, the parish of the Holy Trinity, and the parish of Saint Mary; which said two parishes are at present and have been for time out of mind, divided into six wards, called Austin Ward, Humber Ward, Trinity Ward, Saint Mary's Ward, Whitefriar Ward, and North Ward; and the ward called Trinity Ward, (one of the said six wards) has for a number of years past been divided into two parts, called first part Trinity Ward, and second part Trinity Ward; and besides the said six wards, the lordship or precinct of Myton, adjoining to and belonging to the said town, and which is within the said parish of the Holy Trinity, has of late years been considered as a ward or division of the said town, for the purpose of raising its proportion of the poor's rate, and overseers have been appointed to it, who have collected the proportion of the general rate laid upon it.

VII. And whereas overseers of the poor have hitherto been appointed to the said several wards of the said town, and the said precinct of Myton, adjoining and belonging thereto; (that is to say,) one overseer to each ward, and two overseers to the said precinct, and questions have frequently arisen as to the legality of such appointment, (there being no particular clause or power contained in any of the said recited acts for the appointment of overseers to the said wards and precinct instead of the parishes of the said town, though by some, or one of the said recited acts, overseers of the wards are expressly mentioned and recognized.

VIII. And whereas it would tend to facilitate the collection of the poor's rates, and the execution of the purposes of the said recited acts, and prevent much litigation and expence, if the lordship or precinct of Myton, adjoining and belonging to the said town, were to be divided into two parts or divisions, and if each of such parts or divisions were declared to be a ward of the said town, and if an equal number of guardians of the poor were to be elected and appointed for each of such new wards; and also, if express power and provision were made for the appointment of one overseer of the

37

Class I.] Poor of Hull.

poor, as well for each of the before mentioned six wards as for each of such new wards; and it would also tend to facilitate the purposes aforesaid, if the present division of Trinity Ward were to be abandoned, and if what are now called and considered the first and second parts of Trinity Ward, in the said town, were constituted into one ward only.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town for toe time being, individually, as well as in their official capacity, should in future be exonerated from the offices of guardians of the poor of the said town, and that other guardians of the poor should be elected in addition to the number of guardians heretofore elected under the powers and provisions of the said recited acts.

X. And whereas the number of the poor in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, under the care of the said corporation, has of late years greatly increased, and the present workhouse in the said town is too small for the reception, classification, management and accommodation of such poor, and it is expedient that the corporation of the poor of the said town should he authorized to enlarge the said workhouse, and any of the buildings thereto belonging, or to take down the same, and in lieu thereof to provide, erect or build on the same site, or to purchase ground in any other part of the said town or lordship of Myton, and to erect or build thereon a more commodious work-house, with proper and suitable offices and conveniences for the maintaining, lodging, employment and accommodation of the poor, and for the use of the corporation of the poor of the said town; and also that the said corporation should be empowered to sell the present workhouse and other buildings, and the site or sites thereof, and the ground thereunto belonging, and also any other messuages, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments belonging to the corporation of the poor of the said town, or which have heretofore been purchased by the said corporation out of money raised for the relief of the poor under their care and management, or the rents and profits whereof have been hitherto applied towards the relief and maintenance of such poor, and to apply the monies arising from such sale or sales in or towards defraying the expences of such new works, and also to raise money towards such expences, and for other purposes towards the better regulation and general relief of the poor of the said town.

XI. And whereas it hath been found extremely burthensome and inconvenient to the overseers of the poor of the respective wards and precinct of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to collect, receive and pay over the several rates and assessments raised and levied therein; and it is therefore expedient that the said overseers should be assisted in the collection thereof, and that proper and efficient persons should be appointed assistant overseen for the collection of the said rates, and that more effectual powers and provisions should be granted and made for assessing and collecting the said rates.

XII. And whereas the powera and provisions of the said recited acts, for the employment, accommodation, maintenance and regulation of the poor, have been found inadequate for the purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the same should be altered, amended and enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the purposes aforesaid if the said first three recited acts, and so much of the said last recited act as relates to the maintenance and employment of the poor were repealed, and if farther and other powers and provisions were granted and made for those purposes.

XIII. May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the thirtieth day of September next, the said recited acts of the ninth and tenth year of the reign of King William the Third, the eighth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the fifteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and also so much of the said recited act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, as is for explaining, amending and making more effectual several acts of parliament, relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall be, and the same are and is hereby declared to be repealed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, the present division of Trinity Ward shall, for the

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

That it is expedient that the Mayor, fee. should be exonerated from the Otiice of Guardians and that other Guardians should be elected.

That the Workhouse is insufti. cienMnd that the Corporation of the Poor should he authorised to enlarge or rebuild it on the same or any other bile.

That it is expedient that Assistant Overseers be appointed and that additional powers should be given for assessing and collecting rates.

And that it is expedient to repeal the recited acU.

Former Acts repealed on the thirtieth day of September, 1824.

The division of Trinity Ward abandoned.

Pot of Hull. [Part II.

5 Geo. IT. c. 13.

Lordship of Mytno to constitute two Ward*.

North My ton Ward.

South Myloa Ward.

Making Eight Wards to the Town.

Mode of A p-

giintment of *enters to the Wards.

In case of neglect or refusal to act, to forfeit not more than 40j£. and not less than Ml

purposes of this aot, be discontinued and abandoned, and the two divisions thereof, now called and considered the first and second parts of Trinity Ward, shall thenceforth constitute and be one ward only, and be called Trinity Ward.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, the lordship or precinct of Myton, adjoining* and belonging to the said town, shall, for the purposes of this act, be divided into two divisions or wards, the line of such division being as follows; (that is to say,) from the west end of Mytongate, in the said town, along the centre of Castle-Street to Waterhouse-Lane, and thence northward, along the centre of Waterhouse-Lane to the east end of Carr-Laue, thence westward along the centre of Carr-Lane and the Hull and Anlaby turnpike road, as far as the tollgate upon the said road called Anlaby Bar; and such part of the said lordship or precinct as lies northward of the said line, shall be one of such wards, and shall be called North Myton Ward," and shall be deemed and taken to be and the same is hereby declared to be a separate ward of and belonging to the said town; and such part of the said lordship or precinct as lies southward of the said line, shall be the other of such wards, and shall be called " South Myton Ward," and shall be deemed and taken to be, and the same is hereby declared to be a separate ward of and belonging to the said town, making (together with the said six old wards,) eight wards of and belonging to the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace of and for the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and county of the same town, or any two of them, and they are hereby authorized and required at such times in the year, and in such manner as by law is directed for the appointment of overseers of the poor for any parish, township, village or place, to nominate and appoint out of each of the said eight wards of and belonging to the said town, one fit and proper person, being a substantial householder and inhabitant of such ward, to be overseer of the poor for the same ward, for the year then next ensuing, and until a new overseer shall in like manner be nominated and appointed to succeed him; which persons, when so nominated and appointed, and having notice thereof under the hands and seals of the said justices, or any two of them, shall from thenceforth respectively be and be deemed overseers of the poor of the said respective wards, such nomination and appointment to be made subject to such regulations, provisions, exemptions, and poweT of appeal, as are prescribed by law for the appointment of overseers of the poor generally; and they and each of them, the said overseers so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby severally required to perform and execute their respective duty and duties, office and offices of overseer and overseers of the poor of the said respective wards accordingly; and the said overseers shall be and they are hereby declared to be invested with all and every the powers and authorities, and shall have and enjoy the same privileges, immunities and exemptions, and shall be subject and liable to the same rules, penalties and forfeitures (save and except as may be herein excepted and otherwise provided,) as overseers of the poor, by the several laws made, or to be made, touching or concerning the relief, or management or employment of the poor, are or shall be invested with, and Jiave and enjoy, and be subject and liable to; and if any such overseer or overseers so nominated and appointed, shall during the year for which he or they shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, die, or become incapacitated or insolvent, or otherwise disqualified, or shall cease to be an inhabitant householder in the ward for which he shall be appointed, then and in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices, or any two of them, at any intermediate time of the year, and as soon as possible after such death, incapacity, insolvency, disqualification or removal shall take place, in like manner to nominate and appoint other fit and proper person and persons, qualified as aforesaid, in his or their stead, to be overseer or overseers for the remaining part of such year.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person nominated and appointed an overseer of the poor of any of the said respective wards in manner aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to take upon himself that office and duty within the space of seven days next after be shall have had such

Class 1.]

Poor of Hull.

39

notice of being so nominated and appointed as before directed, then and in every such case he shall, upon proof thereof, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two or more justices of the peace as aforesaid, forfeit and pay for such refusal or neglect, any sum not exceeding forty pounds, and not less than ten pounds, to be paid to the treasurer of the said corporation hereby constituted; which sum, together with the reasonable costs to be settled by such justices, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of the two justices before whom the proof of such refusal or neglect shall have been made as aforesaid, which warrant the said justices are hereby empowered and required to make and issue, and all constables and other peace officers are hereby required to execute every such warrant accordingly, and with all convenient speed to pay over the forfeiture or penalty and forfeitures or penalties, which shall from time to time be so levied, into the hands of the treasurer to the said corporation, to be by him applied as the said corporation shall direct for the purposes of this act; and the said justices of the peace for the said town and county, or any two of them, shall, within seven days after any such refusal or neglect and conviction, nominate and appoint in the manner hereinbefore directed, other overseer or overseers in the room, place and stead of such person or persons so refusing or neglecting to take upon himself or themselves the said office of overseer, and being convicted thereof in the penalty aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no persons who shall be nominated and appointed, and shall serve the said office of overseer of the poor, or shall have paid the said forfeiture or penalty for refusing or neglecting to serve the same, shall he again appointed to serve the same office for the term of twenty years, and that no person shall be eligible to serve the said office who is of the age of sixty years or upwards, or prevented by any bodily or corporeal infirmity from duly executing the same; any thing m this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be itfarther enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, the several persons who on that day shall be the guardians of the poor in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, (except the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town) being twenty-four persona appointed or elected under and by virtue of the said recited acts; (that is to say,) four persons for each of the said first mentioned six wards of the said town, together with the sixteen other persons to he elected guardians as hereinafter Mentioned, and their respective successors, to be elected and appointed in manner hereinafter expressed, shall be and are hereby appointed guardians of the poor in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the purposes of well-governing, providing for, employing, and managing the said poor, and for carrying the several other purposes of this act into execution: provided always, that from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town for the time being, both individually and in their official capacity, shall and they are hereby declared to he for ever exonerated and exempt from being elected to or serving the offices of guardians of the poor in the said town; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said twenty-four persons who shall be guardians of the poor in the said town on the said thirtieth day of September next, and the sixteen other persons to be elected guardians as hereinafter mentioned, and their successors, to he elected in manner hereinafter directed, shall from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, be, and they are hereby declared to be one body politic and corporate in name, feet, and deed, by the name of " The Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants and Guardians of the poor in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull/1 and by that name shall have perpetual succession, and from thenceforth for ever remain and continue to be one body politic and corporate in law, to all intents and purposes, and shall liave a common seal, and shall be enabled to sue and be sued by that name in all courts and places of judicature within these realms, and by that name shall and may from time to time, without licence in mortmain, purchase any lands, tenements, or here-ditaaents for the purposes of this act, not exceeding five acres in the whole, and take or receive any lands, tenements or hereditaments, and take and

Person# not liable to serve the office of Oversew.

Guardians of the Poor appointed.

Mayor, Recorder and Aldermen exempt from being Guardian *

Guardians to be a Corporation.

Style of Corporation.

Shall have a Common Seal. Shall sue and be sued in the name of the Corpora, tion.

May purchase Land *

t '

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

May title by dev tie.

Mey eell and convey Laud *, &c.

Officer* to be elected. Governor, Deputy Governor and Aims! ants.

Corporation to consist of forly Guardians, vis. five for each Ward.

The present twenty-four Guardians to continue for life.

Sixteen new Guardian! to be elected at a General Meeting of the rated Inha-bitan ts.

Mode of election.

Notice of Meeting to be given by the Mayor and on his default the Meeting to be on a day fixed.

Names of new Guardians, when elected, to be notified to the Corporation.

receive the gift alienation and devise of any person or persons for any estate or interest whatsoever; and by that name the said corporation may and are hereby empowered under their common seal from time to time, to convey, assign, release, transfer or dispose of any such lands, tenements or hereditaments, money, goods or chattels, or any other lands, tenements or hereditaments vested in them by this act, or which the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians of the poor of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull now possess, or which they, or the corporation hereby constituted, may hereafter purchase for the purposes of this act, as there shall be occasion; and there shall be elected and chosen out of and from the members of the said corporation in manner hereinafter prescribed, the officers following; (that is to say,) one governor, one deputy governor, and eight assistants, for the better governing the said corporation.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in order that the said corporation may have perpetual succession, and at all times consist of forty guardians of the poor, (that is to say,) five guardians for each of the said eight wards of and belonging to the said town, the said twenty-four persons, who on the said thirtieth day of September next shall be in the office of guardians of the poor, apjiointed or elected for the six old wards of the said town in pursuance or by virtue of the said recited acts, and who are hereinbefore constituted guardians of the poor for the purposes of this act, shall continue guardians of the poor for the purposes of this act, for the wards for which they shall respectively be then serving, and be members of the corporation hereby constituted during their respective lives, unless they or any or either of them shall resign, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or be displaced, or otherwise cease to be guardians, as in this act mentioned; and sixteen other of the honestest and discreetest persons, being resident inhabitants of the said town or precinct, and rated and assessed towards the relief of the poor of the said town, in respect of any lands or tenements in their respective occupations, situate in any part of the said town or precinct, of a rental of twenty pounds per annum at the least, or being possessed of freehold or copyhold lands, tenements or hereditaments within the said town or precinct, of the annual value of one hundred pounds, rated to the relief of the poor, shall be elected guardians of the poor of the said town, at a general meeting of such of the inhabitants of the said town as shall be rated and assessed towards the relief of the poor of the said town, in respect of any lands or tenements in their respective occupations, situate in any part of the said town or precinct, of a rental of twenty pounds per annum at the least, which meeting shall and may be held after ten days public notice thereof, to be given at any time before the said thirtieth day of September next, by the mayor of the said town, or by his order, stating the place, time and purpose of such meeting, by affixing a printed copy of such notice on the doors of the two parish churches in the said town, and on some wall or other conspicuous place in two (or more) of the principal streets or highways in each of the wards of and belonging to the said town; and in case the mayor shall neglect, or omit to give or cause to be given, such notice, then it shall and may be lawful for such inhabitants to assemble at the hour of twelve of the clock on the twenty-second day of September next, in the vestry-room of the parish church of Holy Trinity, or at some other convenient place adjacent thereto, in the said town or precinct, and the inhabitants at such meeting so to be called or held, or at any adjournment thereof, (and it shall be lawful for them once to adjourn the same to such time and place in the said town or precinct as they shall think fit,) to nominate, elect and choose the sixteen guardians aforesaid, by the votes of such inhabitants, or the majority of such inhabitants, as shall then be present and qualified as aforesaid; and a chairman shall be appointed by such meeting, who, in case of an equal number of votes upon any question, including the vote of the chairman, shall have an additional or the casting vote; and the names and descriptions of the sixteen guardians so elected shall, within two days after such election, be notified in writing by the chairman of such meeting, or clerk attending the same, to the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians of the poor, constituted by virtue of the said recited acts; and the said governor or deputy governor shall immediately thereupon call a court or assembly in the manner directed by the said recited acts, for the purpose of apportioning the said sixteen

41

Omu I.] Poor of Hull.

guardians to the different wards of and belonging to the said town, and such court or assembly shall, and they are hereby required to apportion the said sixteen guardians, by appointing from amongst them one additional guardian to each of the six old wards of the said town, and five guardians to each of the said two new wards of the said town, so as to make five guardians for each of the said eight wards of and belonging to the said town; and such sixteen respective persons so elected as aforesaid shall be guardians of the poor as aforesaid, and members of the corporation hereby constituted, during the term of three years, from the said thirtieth day of September next, unless they, or any or either of them, shall sooner become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or be displaced, or otherwise cease to be guardians, as in this act mentioned: and in case any of the said sixteen persons so to be elected guardians shall die, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting before his appointment by the said corporation, constituted by virtue of the said recited acts, to any particular ward, shall have taken place as hereinbefore mentioned, then some other person duly qualified, according to the provisions and regulations of this act, shall be elected in his place and stead, at a general meeting of such of the inhabitants of the said town as are hereinbefore authorized to meet and elect the said sixteen guardians, ten days notice thereof being given and published by the mayor, or by his order, in like manner as the notice of the meeting for electing the. Uxteen guardians is hereinbefore directed to be given, and in case of neglect or omission to give such notice by the mayor, then by the said governor or deputy governor, acting under the said recited acts; and the proceedings at every such meeting shall be conducted in the same manner, and with and subject to the same regulations, as is and are hereinbefore prescribed for the proceedings at the meeting for electing the sixteen guardians as hereinbefore mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, in case any or either of the twenty-four persons, who on the same thirtieth day of September next shall be in the office of guardians of the poor, appointed or elected in pursuance of the said recited acts, and who are hereby made guardians of the poor the said town for the purposes of this act, and members of the corporation hereby constituted during their respective lives as aforesaid, shall die or resign, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or be displaced, or otherwise cease to be guardians, as in this act mentioned, it shall be lawful to and for the mayor of the said town for the time being, or any one of the aldermen of the said town, and such mayor and aldermen respectively are required, upon ten days notice in writing of such vacancy, signed by the governor or deputy governor for the time being of the said corporation, and left for such mayor at the Guildhall of the said town, to hold a court within the ward, for which such persons respectively dying, resigning, or becoming disqualified, or incapable of acting, or being displaced, or otherwise ceasing to be guardians as aforesaid, were or are appointed, and then and there to proceed to the election of some other honest and discreet person or persons, being a resident inhabitant, or resident inhabitants of the said town or precinct, and rated and assessed towards the relief of the poor of the said town, in respect of any lands or tenements in their respective occupations situate in any part of the said town or precinct, of a rental of twenty pounds per annum at the least; or being possessed of freehold or copyhold lands, tenements or hereditaments within the said town or precinct, of the annual value of one hundred pounds, rated to the relief of the poor, in the place of the person or persons respectively who shall have so died or resigned, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or have been displaced, or otherwise have ceased to be guardians as aforesaid, by the votes of the inhabitants of the said ward; and the respective persons who shall be so elected shall be guardians of the poor, and be members of the said corporation, during the term of three years from the day of such election, unless they shall sooner become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or be displaced, or otherwise cease to be guardians, as in this act mentioned; and as often as the respective terms of three years, for which any person or persons shall be elected guardian or guardians by virtue of this act, shall expire, the guardian whose period of service shall so expire, shall then go out of office, and some other person duly qualified shall be elected in his

r

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Corporation to apportion the new Guardians amongst the different Wards.

The sixteen Guardian* to remain in office three years.

In case any of the sixteen die before their Appoint, ment to a partial, lar Ward, a new Election to lake place.

In case of Death,

itc. of any of the twenty-four old Guardiaua, their Successors to be elected by the respective wards, and to continue in office three years.

All future Guardian* to continue in office three years.

I

I

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

For supplying Vacancies in case of Death, lie, of Guardians before the expiration of the terra of three years.

Disqualification for serving the office of guardian.

Qualification for voting at the Election of Guar, dians.

Notice of Meeting* for Election of Guardians how to be given.

place for a like term of three years, by the votes of the inhabitants of the ward for which the person or persons so going out of office shall hare been so respectively appointed or elected, assembled at a court to be held within the said ward ten days before the expiration of such term, and which court the mayor of the said town for the time being, or any one of the aldermen of the said town, is hereby required to hold, after ten days notice in writing, that such term is about to expire, signed by the governor or deputy governor for the time being of the said corporation, shall have been left for such mayor at the Guildhall of the said town; and the person and persons so elected shall continue in office for a like term of three years, unless he hr they shall sooner become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or be dia* placed or otherwise cease to be a guardian or guardians, as in this act mentioned,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of4he persons elected or appointed guardians of the poor of the said town by virtue of this act for the period of three years as hereinbefore mentioned, or any other person or persons who shall be elected in the room of any cr either of such persons, or their or any of their successors, shall after their respective elections, and during the continuance of their respective offices, die, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or be displaced, or shall otherwise cease to be guardian or guardians, as in this act mentioned, it shall be lawful to and for the mayor of the said town for the time being, or any one of the aldermen of the said town, and such mayor and aldermen are hereby respectively required, upon ten days notice in writing of such vacancy, signed by the governor or deputy governor for the time being, and left for such mayor at the Guildhall of the said town, to bold a court within the ward for which such persons respectively dying, becoming disqualified, or incapable of acting, or being displaced, or otherwise ceasing to be guardians as aforesaid, were appointed or elected, and then and there to proceed to the election of some other fit and proper person or persons duly qualified, in the place of the person or persons respectively who shall hare so died, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting, or have been displaced, err otherwise shall have ceased to be guardians as aforesaid, by the votes of the inhabitants of the said ward in manner aforesaid, and the respective persons who shall be so elected shall be guardians of the pooT, and be members of the said corporation during the remainder of such term for which the respective persons whose office shall have become void were chosen, or would have continued in office if such death, disqualification, disability, or cause of removal had not happened, or been made, and no longer.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person who, afteT his election or appointment to the office of guardian of the poor for the purposes of this act, shall compound with his creditors, or become bankrupt, or shall cease to be a resident inhabitant of the said town or precinct, rated and assessed towards the relief of the poor of the said town, in respect of lands or tenements in his occupation, of a rental of twenty pounds at the least, or possessed of freehold or copyhold lands, tenements or hereditaments within the said town or precinct, of the annual value of one hundred pounds, rated to the relief of the poor of the said town, shall be disqualified from acting or continuing as such guardian of the poor; provided also, that no person shall be entitled to vote at the election of any guardian of the poor for the purposes of this act, for any ward in the said town, unless be shall be an inhabitant of the ward for which the guardian-shall be nominated, and in which the election shall be made, and shall be rated and assessed towards the relief of the poor of the said town, in respect of lands, tenements or hereditaments in his occupation, situate in such ward, of a rental of ten pounds per annum at the least; provided also that public notice of all courts or meetings to be held for the election of any guardian or guardians after the said thirtieth day of September next, shall be given by the person calling the same, ten days at least before the day of holding the same, such notice specifying the time, place and purpose of holding such court or meeting, by affixing such notice on the doors of the two parish churches in the said town, and on some wall or other conspicuous place in two or more of the principal streets of the ward for which the election is to take place.

43

Qass I.] Poor of Hull.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases until the election of a successor to any of the guardians of the poor for either or any of the said wards, who shall have filled such office for three years, pursuant to the regulations of this act, shall be made or completed, the person then holding the said office shall continue to hold the same, and to execute the duties thereof, and to be a member of the said corporation until such election shall be completed, from time to time, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding* provided also, that every or any person who shall have served the office of guardian of the poor of the said town for the said term of three years, shall not thereby be rendered ineligible to be re-elected immediately, or at any time afterwards, for the same, or for any other ward of the said town, if he shall be willing to take upon himself the duties of such office.

XX Vi. And be it further enacted, That the governor of the said corporation, or the deputy governor for the time being, shall have power and authority, and is hereby required from time to time, upon the first Monday in every second month in each and every year, accounting January for the first month, to summon, assemble and hold a general court or assembly of the said corporation within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to consist of eight of the said guardians at the least, on the days and times, and in manner and for the ends in this act mentioned; (that is to say,) the said governor shall hold the said court or assembly between the hours of eleven in the forenoon and three in the afternoon; and in default of his attendance before the said hour of three, then the said deputy governor, or any four of the said assistants, shall after the hour of three hold the same; and the said governor, or in his absence the deputy governor, shall also have power and authority, at any such other time or times as to such governor or deputy governor shall seem meet, to summon, assemble and hold a special general court or assembly of the said corporation, upon three days notice or warning at the least, of the intention to hold such court or assembly; and in case any twelve of the said guardians shall upon any emergency signify to the governor for the time being of the said corporation, by any writing under their hands, to be left for the said governor at his usual or last place of residence, that it is their desire that a special general court or assembly of the said corporation shall be called and held, and shall state the reasons and grounds of such their desire, and the particulars and nature of the business theo intended to be brought forward, the said governor shall and Js hereby enjoined and required to call and hold such special general court or assembly for the purposes in such requisition expressed, and no other, at such time as the said twelve guardians shall so desire; and on his refusal or neglect, the said deputy governor for the time being, on such signification In writing as aforesaid, left at his last or usual place of residence as aforesaid, shall and is hereby likewise enjoined and required to call and bold such special general court or assembly as aforesaid, and on his refusal or neglect, any four of the assistants shall have authority to call and bold such special general court or assembly, on application made to them in writing under the hands of twelve guardians as aforesaid; at all which courts or assemblies all and every member and members of the said corporation for the time being, are hereby enjoined to appear and be present, and not to depart from the same without the licence of the chairman of the aid court or assembly, on pain to forfeit such reasonable sum and sums of money, not exceeding five shillings, to the use of the said corporation, as -by the court or assembly so to be holden, or any succeeding court or assembly, shall be assessed upon them, unless he or they shall show some reasonable excuse to be allowed of by the said court or assembly, or some succeeding court or assembly.

XXVIL And be it further enacted, That the first court or assembly of the said corporation hereby constituted shall be held in the court-room of the workhouse, or in some other convenient place within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, on the first Monday after the feast of Saint Andrew, ooe thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, between the hours of eleveu in the forenoon, and three in the afternoon; and all future courts or assemblies of the said corporation shall be held in the said court-room, or in some other convenient place within the said town, and shall consist of eight guardians at the ieajt, except when any other number is specially directed

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Former Guardians continued unt'I the election of Success rs completed.

Guardians may be re-elected by their consent.

General Courts or Assemblies of the Corporation.

First, and other Courts or As. semblies where to be held.

Quorum.

Poor of Hull. [Part II.

5 Geo. IV.

c. 13.

Majority to decide.

Ckairman appointed;

Who on equal Divisions is to have a casting vote.

Adjournments.

Powers of general Courts or Assemblies to appoint a Com. mon Seal; make By-Laws.

To impose Fines,

by this act; and it shall be lawful for each and every such court or assembly of the said corporation to proceed in the execution of the powers and authorities by this act granted; and all proceedings had or done at any of such courts or assemblies, in which the majority in number of the eight or more guardians present shall concur, (and in cases where any other number is particularly required by this act, then with the concurrence of the majority of such greater number,) shall be as valid and effectual as if all the guardians present had concurred therein; and at all courts or assemblies of the said corporation, and at all meetings of committees to be holden by virtue of this act, the governor of the said corporation for the time being, if present, shall preside, and in case the governor shall be absent, the deputy governor, if present, shall preside, and in case the governor and deputy governor shall both be absent, then such person as shall be elected and chosen for the purpose by any such court or assembly, or by the major part in number of the members then present, shall preside at such court or assembly, or committees; and at all courts or assemblies of the said corporation, and at all committees to be held by virtue of this act, in any cases where there shall be an equal number of votes upon any question, including the vote of the person presiding, such person presiding shall in all such cases have an additional or casting vote: provided always, that in case eight guardians shall not be present at the said first, or any future courts or assemblies of the said corporation, it shall be lawful for the guardian or guardians who shall be present, or if no guardian shall be present, then for the clerk, and they are hereby respectively required to adjourn such meeting to any other day, to be then holden in the court-room of the said workhouse, or in some other convenient place within the said town.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for any such general court or assembly of the said corporation to .adjourn such general court or assembly to any other day, either in the court-room of the said workhouse, or some other convenient place within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and so from time to time as often as it shall be thought expedient.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any general court or assembly of the said corporation to be held in pursuance of this act from time to time, to make and appoint a common seal or common seals for the use of the said corporation, and to alter or vary the same from time to time, and also from time to time to make by-laws, rules, orders and regulations for and concerning the conduct and government of all and every the members of the said corporation in the execution of this act, as well at any courts or assemblies as at any committee or committees, or elsewhere, in the execution of their duties as members of the said corporation; and also for and concerning the conduct or government of the churchwardens and of the overseers of the poor in the said town for the time being respectively in all matters relative to the purposes of this act; and also for the good conduct and behaviour of the several officers and servants employed by the said corporation in the execution of this act, and for the better accommodating, maintaining, governing, employing, removing, managing and regulating the poor for the time being, under their care and management, and for all or any other the purposes of the said corporation; and likewise from time to time to vary, alter, amend or repeal all or any of such by-laws, rules, orders and regulations; and to fix and appoint such reasonable fines and penalties for the breach and nonperformance of any such by-law, rule, order or regulation, or of any part thereof, or for any omission, neglect or refusal to perform the duties imposed on the several members of the said corporation by this act, or by any such by-law, rule, order or regulation as to them shall seem proper or expedient, not exceeding twenty shillings for every default; and all such by-laws, rules, orders and regulations when made, shall be printed, and a copy thereof kept affixed in some conspicuous place at the workhouse of the said town, and shall be good and binding upon all persons concerned, provided that the same or any alteration to be made therein from time to time be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the laws of that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or to the provisions and directions in this act contained; and provided also, that no by-law, rule, order

45

Cla*s 1.] Poor of Hull.

or regulation which shall be made by virtue of this act, or at present existing *, or to be made under or by virtue of the said recited acts, nor any resolution which shall be entered into at any one general court or assembly of the said corporation, shall be varied, altered, amended or repealed, unless notice of such proposed variation, alteration, amendment or repeal be given and entered in the proceedings of the general court or assembly of the said corporation next immediately preceding the court or assembly at which the same shall be proposed, nor unless two-thirds of the persons present at such last-mentioned court or assembly shall concur in and agree to such variation, alteration, amendment or repeal.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until a common seal shall be made or appointed by virtue of the powers of this act, it shall be lawful for the said corporation hereby constituted to use the common seal used by the present corporation; and also that the by-laws, rules, orders and regulations of the said present corporation shall, notwithstanding the repeal of the said acts, continue in force, and be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made in pursuance of this act, until the same shall be altered, amended or repealed, upon dne notice thereof given as aforesaid, by other by-laws, rules, orders and regulations, maae by virtue of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for any such general court or assembly of the said corporation, to be held by virtue of the provisions hereinbefore contained, to appoint any committee or committees, to consist of such number of the members of the said corporation as it shall from time to time be thought expedient to nominate, and the several powers and authorities in this act contained, which by this act may be executed by the said Corporation (except in cases where it is otherwise directed or provided by this Act,) shall be performed and executed by any committee of the said Corporation, to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the poor of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull shall, and they are hereby required at their first general court or assembly of the said corporation, to be held on the Monday after the next feast of Saint Andrew as hereinbefore mentioned, or at some subsequent court or assembly, to elect and choose one of the said guardians to be the governor of the said corporation, one other of the said guardians to be the deputy governor of the said corporation, and eight other of the said guardians to be assistants or visitors, and shall also then and there, or at some subsequent court or assembly, appoint some proper person or persons to be a treasurer or treasurers of the said corporation, and shall likewise appoint all such other officers for the year ensuing as they shall think necessary or proper; and the person holding the office of governor of the present corporation, constituted by the said recited acts shall, if present, preside at such first general court or assembly, and in case the said governor shall not be present, the person holding the office of deputy governor of the said present corporation shall preside at such first general court or assembly, and in case the said deputy governor shall not be present, then the said general court or assembly shall elect and choose from amongst the guardians then present, some proper person to preside at such first general court or assembly; and the governor, deputy governor, assistants, and treasurer or treasurers so to be elected and appointed, shall continue in their respective offices for one year, commencing from the second day of February then next following such election, and until others Ifaall be appointed and enter upon the said offices in their stead: provided always, that the present governor, deputy governor and assistants, appointed and acting under and by virtue of the said recited acts, shall continue to hold their respective offices, and exercise the duties thereof for the remainder of the year for which they were severally chosen, and until such new officers, to be elected and appointed under the provisions of this act as aforesaid; shall enter upon the said offices in their stead in the same manner, sad with the like powers, authority and effect, as if they had been elected and appointed under this act; and that the clerks and other persons who have been appointed under, and employed in the execution of the said recited acts, (other than the treasurer) shall continue to exercise the duties of their respective offices undeT this act, until they shall resign or be removed from the same by virtue of the powers or provisions of this act, and shall

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

No By-1, w to be altered without Notke.

Present Bv-Lawi

sod Common Seal to continue until others made.

Appointment of Committees.

A Governor, Deputy Govern, or and eight Assistants, to be appointed at the first general Court, for one year.

Poor of Hull.

[part II.

Governor, Deputy Governor, AarisUuts, and Officer *, to be chosen annually.

Office of Clerk and Treasurer not to be held by the suae person.

Persons haring served the office of Governor, Deputy Govern, or, Aaistant, or Guardian exempted from being re-elected for twenty years.

Persons chosen Governor, Deputy Governor, Asristants or

Guardians declin. ing to act, fcc. to be fined;

perform the tame duties, and be subject and liable to the like rides and regulations, pains and penalties, in all respects, as if they had been appointed by virtue of this act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the guardians of the poor of the said town of Kingston-uponHull, at the court or assembly of the said corporation to be held on the Monday next after the feast of Saint Andrew in every year, or at some subsequent court or assembly to be held within one calendar month then next ensuing, shall also yearly and every year elect and choose (in the stead of the then present governor, deputy governor and assistants) from amongst the said guardians of the poor, one governor, one deputy governor and eight assistants, and which said several officers shall enter upon the duties of their respective offices on the third day of February next ensuing such election, or immediately upon the expiration of the year for which their predecessors in the said offices shall have been elected; and shall and may also at the same court or assembly, or at some subsequent court or assembly, appoint a treasurer or treasurers, and all such other officers and persons as may be expedient or necessary for the execution of this act, who shall continue in their respective offices for one year, and also from thence until some other persons shall be elected and appointed in their stead: provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation to remove any such officers or persons respectively, as the said corporation shall from time to time see occasion, and thereupon, as also in the event of the death of any such officer or officers, to appoint others in their stead, and out of the monies to be received by virtue of this act, to allow and pay such salaries, wages and allowances to the treasurer or treasurers, clerk and other officers and persons respectively, as the said corporation shall from time to time think reasonable.

XXXIV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said corporation to continue or appoint any person or persons who may be continued or appointed to act as their clerk in the execution of this act, or the partner of any such clerk, or the clerk or any person in the service or employ of such clerk, to be the treasurer for the purposes of this act, or to continue or appoint any person who may be continued or appointed a treasurer for the purposes of this act, or the partner or partners of any such treasurer to be the clerk to the said corporation for executing this act; and if any person shall act in both the capacities of clerk and treasurer, for the purposes of this act, or if any person being the partner of any such clerk, or the clerk, or any person in the service or employ of any such clerk, shall act as treasurer, or being a partner of any such treasurer, shall act as clerk in the execution of this act, or if any such treasurer shall hold any place or office of profit, or trust, under the said corporation other than that of treasurer, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered, together with full costs of suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit or information, wherein no essoign, protection or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall have been elected or appointed a guardian, governor, deputy governor or assistant, of the said corporation, and shall have executed the duties of any such office during the whole period for which he shall have been so elected under the provisions of this act, shall be liable to be re-elected into, or compelled 4p take upon himself, or to execute the duties of any such of the said offices in which he shall have so served within the period of twenty yean next after he shall have so served such office as aforesaid, or be liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatever for refusing or neglecting so to do, within such period of twenty years, unless he shall consent sooner to take upon himself any such office.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons duly elected a guardian, governor, deputy governor, or assistant of the said corporation, by virtue of the provisions herein contained shall, after notioe in writing, signed by the governor or deputy governor, or by the clerk for the time being of the said workhouse, of such his election or appointment, and served personally or left at his or their last or usual place or places <if

47

Class I.] Poor of Hull.

ihode, refuse or omit by the space of twenty days next after the service or delivery of such notice, to take upon himself or themselves respectively the trust or office, or trusts or offices to which he and they shall be so elected as aforesaid, then and in either of such cases all and every such person and persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to the treasurer of the said corporation the several sums of money following; (that is to say,) every such person who shall have been duly elected governor of the said corporation, the sum of forty pounds; every such person who shall have been duly elected deputy governor, the sum of thirty pounds; every such person who shall have been duly elected an assistant, the sum of twenty pounds; and every such person who shall have been duly elected a guardian, the sum of twenty pounds; all which said forfeitures and penalties, together with reasonable costs, shall be recovered, levied and applied in the same manner as. other penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be recovered, levied and applied; and the said corporation shall at any general or special general court or assembly proceed to the election of a new governor, deputy governor, assistant or assistants, in the place and stead of the governor, deputy governor, assistant or assistants refusing or omitting to act, as the case may require: provided alwaya, that no person shall he liable to any penalty for omitting or refusing to take upon himself the office of guardian, who shall at the time of his election to the said office have attained the age of sixty years.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation at any of their general courts or assemblies, upon a reasonable and sufficient cause or ground of excuse being shown by any such person or persons refusing or omitting to act in any of the offices aforesaid, to remit to such person or persons one half of the said forfeitures or penalties, or any of them, and also to accept the resignation of any person or persons desirous of resigning his or their office or offices of governor, deputy governor, assistants or guardians, upon sufficient cause being shown to the satisfaction of such court or assembly for such resignation; and thereupon and also when and as often as any such governor, deputy pvernor or assistant shall die, or become disqualified, or incapable of acting ia his office as aforesaid, to proceed to the election of a new governor or deputy governor, assistant or assistants, as the case may require, in manner prescribed by this act; and any vacancy or vacancies which shall by such resignation or resignations be occasioned amongst the guardians of the poor, shall be supplied in maimer hereinbefore directed, in case of the death, disqualification, refusal or omission to act of any of the guardians of the poor; provided nevertheless, that no such remission of penalties or acceptance of resignation shall be valid or effectual, unleu two thirds in number of the guardians present at the general court or assembly wherein the same shall be proposed, shall concur therein and agree thereto.

XXXVin. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person who shall have paid the penalty or fine hereby imposed on his or their refusal or neglect to execute any of the offices aforesaid, shall he liable to be re-elected into, or compelled to take upon himself, or to execute the duties of the said offices, or any of them, within twenty years after the period of his election into such office, or be liable to any forfeiture or penalty whatsoever for refusing or neglecting so to do within such period of twenty years unless he shall consent sooner to take upon himself any such office.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render any person or penons ineligible to be re-elected to any such office, if he shall be willing to take upon himself the performance of the duties thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the present workhouse of the said town, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging, and all messuages, lands, tenements, Tents, rent charges, and all other hereditaments and premises whatsoever, and wheresoever, and of what nature, tenure or kind soever, vested in, or belonging to, or possessed by the present corporation constituted under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or some or one of them, and all goods, chattels, monies, securities for money and effects, stock, bills of exchange, promissory notes, debts, demands, rights, remedies, cause and causes of action, which at the time when this act shall take effect, shall belong to the said present corporation, or which shall be

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

And others to be appointed in their placet.

Corporation may accept resignation of Governor, &c. on sufficient cause.

Persona having paid the fine discharged from serving again for twenty years.

Such persons to be eligible, if willing.

Pronerty of the old Corporation vested in the new Corporation.

Poor of Hull. [Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Charitable fcifU, &c. to go to the Cot portion.

Perons holding book* or mouie* under former act *, accountable to the new Corporation.

New Corporation made liable to the obligations of the old.

Books of proceedings lobe kept

Corporation to have the care of the poor.

in the hands, custody or possession of any person or persons whomsoever for the use, or on account of the same, and all arrears of the rates, and all arrears of rents and other monies which at the same period shall be due or owing to the said present corporation, and all other materials, articles or things which shall have been provided for the purposes of the said recited acts, or which shall have been purchased, collected or provided for the purposes of this act, shall be fully and absolutely vested in the corporation of the poor by this act constituted, for such and the like estates, terms and interests, and to such and the like effect in law, as the same were previously vested in, or held or possessed by or for the said present corporation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all charitable gifts, devises, or dispositions, that shall hereafter be given, devised or disposed of, to or for the use of the said town, or of any parish or precinct of the same, shall be paid to, and be had, received and enjoyed by the said corporation, to and for the uses of the poor of the said town.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons whomsoever who shall have received, or who shall have in his or their custody or power, any monies collected by virtue of the said several recited acts, or either of them, or any books, papers, deeds or writings, relating to all or any of the matters aforesaid, or to the execution of the said acts, shall when thereunto required, by notice in writing signed by the governor or deputy governor for the time being of the corporation by this act constituted, given to him or them, or left at his, her or their last or usual place or places of abode, account for and deliver the same to the said governor or deputy governor, or any person or persons appointed by them, or either of them, for that purpose, in the like manner, and under the like penalties as is hereinafter directed with respect to any officer or person appointed under or by virtue of this act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the corporation by this act constituted, shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to and for all agreements, bonds, covenants, matters and things to and for which the corporation constituted by the said recited acts are or shall be at the time this act shall take effect, subject and liable, in the same manner to ail intents and purposes as if such agreements, bonds, covenants, matters and things had been made, entered into, or given or done under the powers or provisions of this act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That a book or books shall be provided by the said corporation by this act constituted, in which book or books fair and regular entries shall be made of all the rules, orders and regulations, acts, directions and proceedings of the said guardians relative to the execution of this act, and of the names of the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians who shall be present at their respective courts or assemblies or meetings, and the same shall be subscribed by the chairman of the respective courts or assemblies or meetings, and all such entries being so signed, shall be deemed originals, and shall be allowed to be read in evidence in all courts whatsoever, in all causes, suits and actions touching any thing done in pursuance of this act; and such book and books shall be kept by the clerk to the said workhouse for the time being, in such secure place or places as the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians shall from time to time direct, and shall at every such court or assembly and meeting, and at all other reasonable times be open and subject to the inspection of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians; and all such book and books, and abi^ all and every book and books in which any entry or entries of any proceeding or proceedings of the present corporation, acting by or under the authority of the said recited acts, doth or shall appear recorded, (such entry or entries being made in such book or books according to or consistently with the directions or provisions of the said acts,) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient evidence of such proceedings in any court whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation hereby constituted shall have the care of and provide for the maintenance of all the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such other of the inhabitants of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull and precinct of Myton, being poor and not

40

Clan I.]

Poor 0/ Hull.

able to work, (except such aa shall be sufficiently provided for by tha

charitable gifts of other persons, or in hospitals or almshouses, within the said town) and in order thereto shall have full power to examine, search and see what poor persons there are come into, inhabiting or residing within the said town, or any part thereof, and shall have power to receive all such poor persons into any workhouse belonging or to belong to the said corporation.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any committee or committees of the said corporation, to cause any person who shall be received into any such workhouse to be employed in any work, trade, manufacture or employment, or otherwise, as they shall think proper during the time he or she shall continue in any iacb workhouse, and shall and may, in case they shall think proper, purchase and provide a sufficient stock of flax, hemp, silk, wool, cotton, thread, iron, wood, stone, leather, or other materials, of what nature or kind soever, for the employment of the poor and other persons received into any such work-boose, and for that purpose only may set up, use and occupy any trade, *ysleiy or occupation whatsoever in any such workhouse or other building used therewith for the purposes of this act; and for the purposes of this act may sell and dispose of such goods, wares and merchandizes which shall be manufactured or made by such poor or other persons in any such workhouse or other building, any law, usage or privilege to the contrary notwithstanding; and out of the profits arising from any work which shall be done by such persons, such gratuities or rewards shall be distributed to the industrious and skilful, according to the quality and perfection of their work, and of the industry and good conduct of the persons executing the Kune, as to the said corporation, or any committee or committees of the nme, iball appear reasonable and proper; and the remainder of the profits shall be applied by the said corporation to the purposes of this act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation and they are hereby empow ered, if they shall think proper, to establish one or more school or schools in the said workhouse, in which the poor children who shall be resident in such workhouse shall be instructed to read and write, and in such useful knowledge as the said corporation shall think fit.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, the said corporation and their successors shall be and they are hereby declared to be invested with, and shall and are hereby required to exercise all and every the powers and authorities with which churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or any of them, by any laws made or to be made in all or any cases touching or concerning the apprenticing, maintenance, relief, management, removal or employment of the poor, or the application of any of the rates made for their use or maintenance, are or shall be invested (except as herein otherwise provided; ) and the said corporation, or the governor or deputy governor for the time being on behalf of the said corporation, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to do and perform all and every such act or acts, and in the same manner as churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or any of them, are or may be enabled to do and perform (except as herein otherwise provided,) in all or any such cases; and the said corporation, or the governor or deputy governor for the time being on behalf of the said corporation, shall and may institute and defend any appeal against any rate or any order of removal, or for the maintenance of bastard children, or any other order relating to the poor of the said town, or in anywise relating to or affecting the objects or purposes of this act, and issue or receive any notice respecting the same in the same manner as churchwardens and overseers of the poor respectively by suy law made or to be made are empowered or required to do; and shall and may take any legal securities or indemnification in trust for the inhabitants of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or of any parish or place within the tame which they shall deem necessary or prudent to be taken for the purposes of this act, in any case or cases whatsoever.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, not herein otherwise provided for, where one or more justice or justices of the peace is or are empowered by any law now or hereafter to be made, to proceed on the complaint of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or any of them,

And with, to employ lbs Poor.

Poor children may he educated.

Vevtlnt Corpora, tbn with power of Ovei

Justices to

proceed on com* plaioti made by Guardians the aaine aa if made by Ove

50

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Power to take Security in caaea of I*Urdy.

Corporation to certify to the Churchwarden* and Overier *, what Hum.* will be neres^irv, quarterly or olherwiae.

If niiber of Guardians to l»e pn'<»enl at the Courts held for ascertaininjc and certifying, Ate.

Churchwardens and Overseers to meet aod appor.. tion the sum* wanted amongst the Ward*.

it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices, and be and they is and are hereby required to proceed, on the complaint of the said governor or deputy governor, or the clerks or clerk of the said corporation for the time being, in such and the like manner to all intents and purposes as if such complaint had been made by any such churchwardens and overseers, or any of them.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation and they are hereby fully authorized to take, accept and receive any bond or security, or any sum or sums of money, by way of indemnity, from any person or persons for defraying the costs, charges and expences of the maintenance previous to and during the lying-in of any pregnant single woman in any parish or ward in the said town or precinct, and the maintenance and support of any bastard child or children respectively born or to be born therein.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawftil for the said corporation hereby constituted, at any of their special general courts or assemblies to be convened for that purpose as hereinafter mentioned, from time to time to set down and ascertain, quarterly or otherwise, what sum or sums will be needful, quarterly or otherwise, for the relief and maintenance, and setting to work of the poor of the said town, or under the cart and management of the said corporation, together with all such arrears or sum or sums of money as shall from time to time remain uncollected on any preceding rate or rates made under the authority of this act, or the said recited acts, either by reason of any property rated being unoccupied, or by reason of the insolvency or removal of -any of the persons rated, or by tht person or persons rated being relieved by the magistrates from the payment of the rates on the ground of poverty or otherwise, or which shall have been lost by reason of the insolvency of any person or persons appointed to collect and receive the same, or be lost or left uncollected by any other means whatsoever, the amount whereof shall be certified to the said corporation by the said churchwardens and overseers, or by the persons or person to whom the collection of the said rates shall from time to time Delong, and also all such sum or sums of money as shall or may be expended by the aid corporation in and about the prosecution of all or any of the remedies by this act given for the recovery of all monies which from time to time shall be in the hands of the said overseers, or of the collectors appointed under this act, or of any of them, or of any other person or persons whomsoever, or otherwise, in and about the execution of this act; and the said corporation shall certify, in writing under their common seal, to the churchwardens of the several parishes of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary, and to the several overseers of the poor of the said wards of and belonging to the said town, the amount of such sum or sums of money respectively.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such special general court or assembly, to be held for ascertaining and certifying what sum or sums of money will be needful for the purposes of this act as aforesaid, shall consist of the governor or deputy governor, and not less than twenty guardians of the poor, and shall be convened by the governor or deputy governor causing notice in writing to be delivered to all the members of the said corporation, or to be left at their respective dwelling-houses six days previously to the holding of such general court or assembly, signifying the particular and express purpose for which such special general court or assembly will be held.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be, after such certificates shall have been made as aforesaid, and transmitted to 1 the said churchwardens and overseers, it shall be lawful for the said church-, wardens and overseers, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required to appoint a meeting of such churchwardens and overseer *, to be held at such time and place in the said town or precinct as they shall think fit and agree upon, of which meeting, and of the time and place thereof, notice in writing, signed by the said seven or more churchwardens and ' overseers, shall be given to, or left at the dwelling-house or place of residence of the churchwardens and overseers who did not sign the appointment Of the meeting, three clear days at least before the day of meeting; and the churchwardens and overseen present at such meeting, or at some 1 adjournment thereof, (which adjournment and adjournments they are here-

Gian I.] of H»U.

51

by empowered to make,) the number present not being less than six, or the major part of the number present, such number present not being less than ten, shall and they are hereby required indifferently to apportion the same sum or sums of money so certified upon and amongst each of the said eight wards of and belonging to the said town, in such manner that the rate per pound may be the same in each of the said wards; and thereupon duplicates of such apportionments shall be signed by the said churchwardens and overseers, and transmitted by them to the governor of the said corporation at the workhouse in the said town, and also to the mayor and alder-linen of the said town, at the Guildhall of the said town, within two days after making such apportionments; and at all such meetings of the said churchwardens and overseers, a chairman shall and may be appointed; ^and such chairman shall, in case of an equal number of votes upon any question, including the vote of such chairman, have a second or the casting vote.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the duplicates of such apportionments shall have been transmitted to the said mayor and aldermen as aforesaid, it shall be lawful, to and for the said mayor and aldermen, and they or any two or more of them, are hereby required to issue warrants under their hands and seals, directed to the several churchwardens and overseers aforesaid, to assess the same upon the said several wards of and belonging to the said town; and the said several churchwardens and overseers shall and are hereby required, as soon as possible after the issuing of such warrants, to assess the several sums of money which shall he so apportioned upon each of the said respective wards, by taxation of all such persons and property within the said several wards, as are liable to be taxed and rated to the relief of the poor under or by virtue of an act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled," An Act for the relief of the poor," which said assessments or rates shall be payable after the expiration of two days from the day whereon the same shall be published in the respective parish churches of the said town.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several rates and assessments to be from time to time made upon the said several wards, shall and the same are hereby declared to be one general rate for the relief of the poor of the said town and precinct, and for the purposes of this act; and all appeals against the said rates or assessments, or any of them, shall be taken and considered as appeals against the whole of such general rate; and upon the hearing of such appeals, whenever the judgment of the court shall affect the quantum of the rate per pound, or the principle of such rate, such judgment, whether it be an amendment or quashing of (he rate, shall extend to and affect the whole general rate.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any house, premises or hereditaments, shall be partly within and partly without any of the said wards of and belonging to the said town, or partly within any one or more of the said wards, and partly without the said town, such houses, premises or hereditaments shall be assessed to the rates to be raised by virtue of this act, for a proportionable part only of the rent or value thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said churchwardens and overseers at any of their meetings to be holden in pursuance of this act, and they are hereby authorized and required to apportion and settle at how much, and what part of the rent or value of such house, premises or hereditaments the same shall be assessed; and if any person or persons occupying or interested in such houses, premises or hereditaments shall be dis-satisfied therewith, he, she or they may appeal against the same in the manner herein provided.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any surplus of the monies to be raised for the maintenance of the poor in any one quarter or other period of time, for which the same shall have been assessed, such surplus shall go and be applied in ease of the next assessments to be raised and levied within the wards of and balonging to the said town.

LVIIf. And in order the better to enable the churchwardens and over-teen to apportion and assess the sum and sums of money so to be raised and assessed as aforesaid, and to ascertain the annual value of all houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments within the said town of Kingstou-upon-Hull, and precinct thereof; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Mayor and A Mermen to iwtia Warrants for the Churchwardens ami Overseers to aascss.

Rates on tha Wards to be deemed one general Rata.

Houses partly

within and partly without any Ward, how to ba rated.

Proviso in ease of any surplus.

Guardians am-powered to causa a survey and valuation of tha Town and Prariact,

0 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Surrey or* or Valuers Oftth.

And not to hs nude oftener than nee in eeren yearn

Survey and

valiut'xii to be lodged at the Workhouse, in the custody of Guardians.

Allowing a Map of the Wards to temada.

lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, (whenever they shall deem it expedient so to do) to cause a survey and valuation to be made of all houses, lands, tenements and hereditament* within the said town and precinct, and for that purpose to employ any surveyor or surveyors or other person or persons whom they shall deem competent to estimate and ascertain the annual value of all or any houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments, within the said town and precinct, and out of any monies received or receivable by virtue of this act, to pay such sum or sums of money to every such surveyor or surveyors, or other competent person or persons so to be employed as aforesaid, for his or their trouble therein, as shall be reasonable and proper, or shall be agreed upon between the said corporation and such person or persons respectively: provided always, that no person shall be capable of acting as a surveyor or valuer as aforesaid until he shall have taken and subscribed the oath, or being a quaker, until he shall have made and subscribed the affirmation following, before some one of the justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, which oath or affirmation the said justice is hereby empowered to administer.

" I, A. B, do swear, [or, being one of the people called quakers, do 'solemnly affirm, as the case may be, ] That I will truly, impartially "and honestly, execute the duties incumbent on me, and the trust in me 'reposed as a surveyor and valuer, under and by virtue of An Act passed "in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, "intituled, An Act/ Ac. [here insert the title of this

'So help me God/' [or, being a quaker, omit the words," So help me God "] LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such survey and valuation shall be repeated or made oftener than once in seven years, from the time of making the first survey and valuation under the authority of this act.

LX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That every such survey and valuation to be made as aforesaid, shall be placed and remain in the custody of the said corporation, to be kept by them in some safe and secure place in the workhouse of the said town, for the use and reference of the said corporation, and the churchwardens and overseers for the time being; and the clerk of the said workhouse for the time being, shall, and is hereby required to attend all and every meetings and meeting of the said churchwardens and overseers held for the purposes of this act, with such survey and valuation, whenever required by them so to do.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, when such first survey and valuation shall be made under and by virtue of this act as aforesaid, (or previously thereto, if the said corporation shall deem it expedient) to cause a map or plan of the said town and prscinct to be made upon a correct scale, showing the extent and boundaries of the said several wards of and belonging to the said town, and for that purpose to employ any surveyor or surveyors, or other person or persons competent thereto, and, (out of the monies received or receivable under or by virtue of this act) to pay the person or persons employed such sum or sums of money as shall he reasonable or agreed upon for his or their trouble therein j and such map or plan when so made and prepared as aforesaid shall be deposited in some safe and secure place in the workhouse of the said town, for the inspection of all persons interested therein, (notice thereof being given by the governor or deputy governor for the time being by publication once in some newspaper published in the said town; ) and if any person or persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any error in laying out the boundary line of the said wards, or any of them, he, she or they may appeal to any general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden in and for the said town and county, within twelve calendar months next after the publication of such notice as aforesaid, and the justices at such sessions are hereby empowered, if they shall see fit, to cause the error complained of to be properly rectified, and the said map or plan amended accordingly by some surveyor or other person competent thereto; and from and after the expiration of the time limited for appealing against the said map or plan as aforesaid, the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians shall

59

Out I.]

Poor 0/ Hull.

and they are hereby empowered to cause the boundaries of the said wards 5 Geo. IT.

to be marked and notified in the said town and precinct, by affixing c 23.

boundary stones for that purpose, or by causing the names of the wards to

be painted in legible characters upon some conspicuous part of the walls or

buildings constituting such boundaries, and from time to time renewing the

same when requisite; and every person obstructing the person or persons

employed by the said corporation in the affixing or painting the said

boundary marks, or wilfully destroying or defacing the Rame when done,

shall for every offence forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding five pounds, to

be recovered, levied and applied as in this act directed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Guardian* to for the said corporation, at any general court or assembly to be held for the A«i*tant

purpose, within two days after each and every such apportionment shall 252bcSTZ«

have been made and transmitted as hereinbefore is directed, and so from

time to time as often as it shall be deemed necessary, to nominate and appoint such number of persons as they shall think expedient, not being less than two nor more than four, to be assistant overseers in the collection of the poor's rates; and also to obtain, and from time to time report to the said corporation, information as to the state and condition of the poor

within the ward or wards, to be assigned to them as hereinafter mentioned; and the said corporation shall and they are hereby empowered to allot to each of the persons who shall be so appointed assistant overseers, such ward or wards of and belonging to the said town, or such part or parts thereof, wherein to make the respective collections as shall be deemed expedient and proper: and also to determine what sum or sums of money shall be paid or allowed to the said several assistant overseers respectively, by way of salary for their trouble in executing the duties assigned to them; provided always, that all such persons so appointed assistant overseers, shall, An-vtant Over-before they proceed to act, respectively give such sufficient and satisfactory wer *, to give security to the said corporation, for the faithful execution of their respective offices, and payment of the monies, to be by them respectively received, at the said corporation shall require, and in default thereof, the election and appointment of such persons or person shall be void.

LX1I7. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may powef tn remora be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and AwisUot Over-guardians, from time to time, whenever they shall think proper, to displace and remove such assistant overseers or overseer so to be appointed as aforesaid, and as well in the event of such removal, as in case any such assistant overseer or overseers shall resign, die or become incapable, either by reason of any mental or bodily infirmity to act further in the execution of his or their office or respective offices, to nominate and appoint in the manner hereinbefore directed, some other person and persons in the room or place of the assistant overseer or overseers who shall be so removed, resign, die, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Corporation corporation shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient security required to takn from each and every treasurer and assistant overseer to be appointed by Security from virtue of this act, for the due at.d faithful execution of their respective offices, by the bond or bonds of the person or persons who shall be so ap- Men. pointed, and of two other persons, as his or their sureties respectively, to be approved by the said corporation before any such treasurer or assistant overseer shall enter upon his office; and if they shall so think proper, shall and may also take security from any other officer to be appointed or continued under or by virtue of this act.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Overmen to overseers of the poor in the said town, shall not by reason of the appoint- collect the Rates ment of any assistant overseer or overseers as hereinbefore mentioned, be thereby discharged from the performance of their duty to collect the rates for the relief and maintenance of the poor, (except such parts thereof as shall be assigned to or collected by such assistant overseer or overseen during the time such assistant overseer or overseers shall fill and execute such their office and offices; ) but all such rates and assessments (except as aforesaid) shall be collected and received by the several and respective oveneen of the poor for the time being, for the ward in which they re-

spectively reside, in the same manner as rates made for the relief of the ,

M

Poor of Hull. [Pfcrt II.

SOeo. IV.

e. 13.

OvenNTt to collect Arrears after their Offices are expired.

Assistant Overseers to pay over Money collected, as often as the *tine amounts to 904.

Rates whee completed to be submitted to the Mayor and Aldermen for Allowance.

poor are now by law directed to be collected and received; and the said several and respective overseers shall have and may exercise for the recovery of such rates and assessments, all and every the powers, authorities and remedies contained in this act for the purpose: and in case any overseer or overseers shall omit or neglect to collect and get in the said monies, or shall not usekis best and utmost diligence in collecting and getting in the same, or as much thereof as can be collected and gotten in within thirty days after the delivery of the book or books containing such rate or assessment to him or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and aldermen, or any two or more of them, on application made by or os the behalf of the said corporation, to summon such overseer or overseen before them, to show cause why he or they hath or have not collected the said rate and rates; and in case such overseer or overseers shall not appear, or appearing, shall not show sufficient cause to the satisfaction of the said mayor and aldermen, or any two of them, it shall be lawful for the said mayor and aldermen, or any two of them, to set and impose a fine on every such overseer, not exceeding forty shillings for the first offence, and not exceeding five pounds for the second and every subsequent offence; to be recovered, levied and applied in the same manner as other penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be recovered, levied and applied.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective overseers of the poor of and for the several wards of and belonging to the said town, now being or hereafter to be appointed, shall, during the space of three calendar months next after the appointment of other overseers in their respective places, have and use the like powers, means and authority for levying and collecting the arrears and deficiences of the several assessments due and not provided for when their offices expired, as they respectively had and used, or might have had and used, during the continuance of their respectiwe office*.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every assistant overseer or overseers, appointed under and by virtue of this act, shall from time to time, as often as the amount of the sums collected shall exceed twenty pounds, pay over the same to the said corporation or their treasurer, on account and for the use of the said corporation, without making any \ deduction thereout for, or on account, or under the pretence of, any salary or poundage having accrued due thereon; and in case any such assistant overseer or overseers shall at any time retain and have in his or therr hands any sum or sums of money above the sum of twenty pounds, to be collected by virtue of this act, for the space of seven days without paying over the same as aforesaid, every such assistant overseer or overseers shall for every such retention or offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered either by action of debt, or on the case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full costs of suit, at the suit of the said oorporation, in which action or suit no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, or in such other manner as any fines and penalties may by this act be levied and recovered; and such penalty shall be applied for the purposes of this act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every rate, when and as soon as the same shall be respectively made, shall, by the said churchwardens and overseers making the same, be submitted to the mayor and aldermen of the said town, or any two of them, for allowance, together with the names of the assistant overseer or overseers appointed to collect the same; and the said mayor and aldermen, or any two of them, are hereby required within three days next after the same shall have been left at the Guildhall of the said town for that purpose, to issue out and grant their order or warrant, or orders or warrants, thereby authorizing and requiring the overseers and assistant overseers, and each of them who shall be so appointed as aforesaid, respectively to demand, gather, collect and receive the sum and sums of money which shall be so rated and assessed upon the inhabitants of and owners and occupiers of rateable property within the said town and precinct: provided always, that all such rates or assessments when so made, allowed and completed as aforesaid, together with the duplicates thereof, shall be taken by the respective ovemeers of the said several wards to the workhouse of the said town, and there lodged in the custody of the said corporation, to be kept by them in some safe and secure place in

ft *

the said workhouse, for the use and reference of the said churchwardens and overseers, whenever needful and requisite; and also for the inspection of the several rate payers in the said town as hereinafter mentioned, and as records to be given in evidence, and made use of as occasion may require.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said mayor and aldermen shall omit or neglect for the space of three days next after such duplicates of the apportionments shall have been left for the said mayor and aldermen at the Guildhall as aforesaid, to issue forth their warrants for assessing the same, or if they shall by the spHce of three days after any such rate or assessment shall be left at the said Guildhall as aforesaid, for allowance, neglect or omit to issue forth their orders or warrants for the gathering, receiving, levying and paying the said several sums by such rate assessed, pursuant to the provision for that purpose hereinbefore contained, it shall and may be lawful for the said governor or deputy governor of the said corporation hereby constituted for the time being, to issue orders or warrants under the common seal of the said corporation, as well for the assessing as Ibr the gathering, collecting, receiving and paying the same; and the persons to whom it shall, under the provisions of this act, from time to time belong, to assess, collect, gather in and receive the same, shall under and by virtue of such order or warrant, under the common seal of the said corporation, have and be entitled to use and exercise all such powers and authorities for the collecting, gathering in and receiving of the same, as are hereby given, or are authorized to be given by the said mayor and aldermen to the overseers or assistant overseers to be appointed by virtue of the provisions herein contained, in case such neglect, refusal or omission had not taken place.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the said churchwardens and overseers shall omit or neglect to attend such meetings as are hereinbefore directed to be held, and in the manner hereinbefore prescribed, or when assembled shall omit or neglect to perform and execute the powers, authorities and duties hereinbefore to them given, or omit or neglect to make and complete such apportionment, rate or assessment, rates or assessments as hereinbefore directed, and to submit the said rates or assessments for allowance in manner hereinbefore directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation from time to time, to exercise, execute and perform all and every the powers, authorities and duties hereinbefore directed to be exercised, executed and performed by the said churchwardens and overseers respectively; provided nevertheless, that in all such cases the said churchwardens and overseers shall still remain liable and subject to the same rules, penalties, forfeitures and punishments which by this act, or by the general laws of the land, they are, or shall be subject and liable to, for the omission or neglect of their duties.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation shall and they are hereby required yearly and every year, at their general court or assembly to be held for the election of the several annual officers of the said corporation, to select and appoint from among the guardians of the poor for the time being, three persons to be auditors, for examining the accounts of the said corporation for the then ensuing year, and within two days after such appointment, the governor or deputy governor shall cause notice thereof to be given to the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, by leaving such notice at the Guildhall of the said town; and the said mayor, and any one of the aldermen, or any two of the aldermen, without the mayor, shall and they are hereby required within one calendar month from the date of such notice, to nominate and appoint from amongst the inhabitants of the said town or precinct, six persons who shall be assessed and pay to the poor's rates for the said town, upon a renial of twenty pounds per annum at the least, and who shall not at the time of such appointment be guardians of the poor, or officers or members of the said corporation, to be also auditors for examining the accounts of the said corporation for the then ensuing year, notice of which appointment shall be forthwith served upon the respective persons so nominated and appointed, by leaving the same at their respective dwellings or places of abode, and the names and descriptions of such persons shall also be transmitted by the said mayor and aldermen making the appointment, to the governor or deputy governor tt the said workhouse; and such sine auditors so appointed u aforesaid *

Geo. c. 13.

If Mayor and Aldermen neglect to iwue Warrants for collecting Rates, the Corporation may issue their Warrants for that purpose.

If churchwardens sod Overseers neglect to meet and execute the Powers of this Act, the same may be executed by the Corporation.

Appointment of Anditors for auditing the Accounts of tbs Corporation.

Poor of Hull. [Part II.

6 Geo. IV.

c. 13.

General Abstract of Accounts to be m.nle and published annually.

Proviso, in case

Mayor and AldVrmcn neglect to appoint six. Auditors.

Rated inhabitants may inspect rates ou paying

For rating Landlords of Houses under 10 £. per annum, or let in Tenements.

or nny fire or more of them, shall, after the expiration of the year'i accounts to be audited, have full power from time to time to inspect and examine the books and papers of accounts, receipts and disbursements of the said corporation; and the said corporation are hereby enjoined to allow and give such auditors, or any five or more of them, free access thereto at all requisite and reasonable times in the day-time, and to produce to such auditors, or any five or more of them, all books, contracts, agreements, accounts, receipts, vouchers and papers relating to the receipts and disbursements of the said corporation for the then last or preceding year.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation shall, immediately after the expiration of the year's accounts to be audited, cause notice to be given to the said several auditors of the books and accounts for that year being closed; and the said auditors, or any five or more of them, shall thereupon proceed in the examination and auditing of such accounts, and shall within two calendar months after the date of such notice make out a full and true abstract or general statement of the receipts and expenditure of the said corporation during the then preceding year, which abstract or general statement shall be signed by the said auditors, or sny five or more of them, and shall afterwards be printed at the expence of the said governor and guardians, and distributed in such manner as they shall direct, the charge and expence whereof the said corporation are hereby authorized and directed to pay out of the monies to be from time to time received under and by virtue of this act.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said mayor and aldermen shall neglect to appoint six auditors as aforesaid, or in case such auditors, or a sufficient number, shall refuse or neglect to attend to examine and audit the accounts after notice as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said three guardians appointed auditors by this corporation, after the expiration of the said two calendar months hereinbefore limited for the examination and auditing the accounts by the said nine auditors, or any five or more of them, to proceed, either alone or with such of the said six auditors as may atteod for that purpose, to examine and audit the accounts of the said corporation, and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned to make out, sign, and at the like expence print and distribute, an abstract or general statement of the same.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every person and persons rated, and paying towards the relief of the poor in the said town and precinct, in pursuance of this act, from time to time, between the hours of three and five of the clock in the afternoon of every day (except Sundays,) to attend at the workhouse, and to peruse and inspect the several rates or assessments which shall from time to time be made or assessed for the relief of the poor of the said town, or under or by virtue of this present act, and in the custody or power of the said corporation, upon each person (so inspecting) paying to the said corporation (to be applied towards the purposes of this act) the fee of one shilling for every such inspection.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the yearly rent or value of any house, tenement or hereditament within the said town or precinct shall not amount to ten pounds, or where any house, tenement or hereditament within the said town or precinct, whatever the yearly rent or value of the same may be, shall be let to any weekly or monthly tenant, or tenants, or shall be let in separate apartments, furnished or unfurnished, for any period of time whatever, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens and overseers, or persons making any rate or assessment by virtue of this act, in and by any such rate or assessment si to be made as aforesaid, at their discretion, to rate and assess the landlord or landlords, owner or owners of all and every or any such house or houses, tenement or tenements, hereditament or hereditaments (such landlord or landlords, or owner or owners, being the immediate lessor or lessors of the actual occupier or occupiers thereof,) for the payment of such rate or assessment; and in each and every such case such landlord or landlords, owner or owners, shall from thenceforth, and until the et-piration of the period for which such rate or assessment shall be made, bs deemed and takes for the purposes of this act, to be the oocupter tmd

r>7

Class I.] Poor of Hull.

occupiers of such premises, and shall thereupon be rated to, and from time to time shall pay or cause to be paid such rates or assessments charged upon the same respective premises; and upon nonpayment thereof the said overseer* or assistant overseers, are and each and every of them is hereby authorized by warrant, under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace of and for the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such landlord or landlords, owner or owners, wheresoever the same may be found respectively: provided always that the goods and chattels of all and every person or persons renting or occupying any house, tenement or hereditament, or any part or parts thereof, the rate or assessment whereof the landlord or landlords, owner or owners is and are hereby made liable and subject to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all times to be distrained and sold for payment of so much of the said rates or assessments, and of all arrears thereof as shall be due upon the said premises during the time of his, her or their occupancy only, but no such occupier or occupiers shall at any time be required to pay, or be subject or liable to pay any greater sum for or towards the discharge of any such rate or assessment, and the arrears thereof, than the amount of the rent actually due by such occupier or occupiers to the landlord or landlords, owner or owners of the premises so occupied by him, her or them at the time when the said rate shall be demanded: provided also that each and every such occupier who shall pay any such rate or assessment, or any arrear thereof, or upon whose goods and chattels the same shall be levied, shall and may from time to time deduct the amount of the sum which shall be so paid or levied from the rent then due, or at any time thereafter to become due, from him, her or them, to the respective landlords or occupiers of the premises, and the receipt for such payment shall be a good and sufficient discharge to such occupier or occupiers (or to his, her or their landlord or landlords) for so much money as he, she or they shall pay in the manner directed by this act: provided always, that every person receiving either on his own account or as the agent of any other person or persons, body corporate or collegiate, bodies corporate or collegiate, or claiming to be entitled to the rents of every such house or houses, tenement or tenements, hereditaments or premises, payable by the tenants or occupiers, in the actual possession thereof respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be the landlord or owner of the same, for the purposes of this act, and shall continue to be rated to and liable to the payment of every such rate as aforesaid, until some other person or persons shall be rated to or pay the same.

LXXVI. Provided always and be further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said churchwardens and overseers to compound, if they shall think proper, with the landlord or landlords, owner or owners of any such house, building or premises as aforesaid, for the payment of the said rates or assessments at such a reduced rental as the said churchwardens and overseers shall think reasonable; so that such house, premises or hereditaments be not rated at less than one half of the actual rent at which the same shall be let, or of the annual value of such house, premises or hereditaments, and to be* paid and payable whether the same be occupied or not.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in default or failure of payment of any such rate or assessment in respect of any house, tenement or hereditament, the landlord or owner whereof shall be rated or assessed in pursuance of the provisions herein contained, or any part thereof as aforesaid, the same shall be and remain a charge upon the premises in respect whereof the same shall be so rated and assessed, and shall and may after seven days notice left upon the premises, not only be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any such owner or owners, landlord or landlords, or of any person or persons inhabiting or occupying the same, or any part thereof, subject to the limitation hereinbefore contained, but also shall and may be sued for and recovered of and from such owner or owners, landlord or landlords respectively, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said corporation, in which action or actions, no protection, essoign or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and if the plaintiff shall recover in any such action of debt, bill, plaint or information, he shall have full costs, to be

H

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Goods of Tenants liable to be distrained as far as the amount of Rent actually due.

That Agent shall be deemed Land, lord.

Power to compound with Landlords for Rates.

Arrears of Rates to remain a chatge upon the premises.

58

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Justices empowered to remit any portion of the Kate, when the landlord has been unable to recover his Kent.

Act not to affect

Agreement between Landlord and Tenant-

Rates to tie

distrained for after Summons of Parties, and their not showing sufficient cause.

Poor of Hull. [Part II.

levied and recovered as other monies upon judgments are by law now levied and recovered: provided always nevertheless, that in case any landlord or owner of any house, tenement or hereditament, who, under ti t* provisions hereinbefore contained, shall be assessed in respect of any such house, tenement or hereditament, shall make it appear to the satisfaction of any one of His Majesty's justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, that he or she has been unable either by reason of the insolvency or absconding of any tenant or occupier of such house, tenement or hereditament, or by reason of its having remained void and unoccupied for the whole or any paTt of the year for which he or she shall have been rated or assessed in respect thereof, to obtain payment of any part of the rent which would otherwise have been paid for the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, having first duly summoned the overseer or assistant overseer of the ward in which the premises so rated shall be situated, and having in the presence of such overseer or assistant overseer, or in his absence, if he shall neglect or refuse to attend at the time and place mentioned in such summons, duly inquired into and investigated the cause or occasion of such loss, to remit to such landlord or owner such portion of the rate or assessment charged upon the said premises as shall have accrued due, for the period during which such landlord or owner shall, by any or either of the causes aforesaid, have been unable to obtain payment of rent.

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any contract, covenant or agreement between landlord and tenant, relating to the payment of any rates or assessments within the said town and precinct.

LXXIX. And for the better and more effectually raising and levying the rates and assessments authorized and directed to be made by this act. Be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons whomsoever who shall be liable to be rated or assessed towards the payment of the monies by this act authorized to be raised, shall refuse or neglect to pay any rate or assessment which shall be made, laid or assessed upon him, her or them under and by virtue of this act, or any arrear or arrears due thereon, or who shall be liable to pay any former rate or assessment, rates or assessments made under the authority of any or either of the said recited acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon oath being made before him or them by any overseer or assistant overseer to be appointed as aforesaid, and authorized to'collect in manner hereinbefore mentioned, of his or their having attended upon or at the dwelling-house, or last or usual place of abode, within the said town or precinct of the person or persons then intended to be summoned, or at the premises for which such rate or assessment or arrears shall remain due, and having demanded the same, and of such person or persons having neglected or refused to pay the same, to summon by writing under his or their hand or hands all and every person or persons who shall have refused or neglected to pay as aforesaid, to appear before such justice or justices, at the time and place to be mentioned in such summons; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said overseer or assistant overseer as aforesaid, or for any of the constables of the said town or precinct, or any one or more of them, or other the person or persons to whom the same shall be severally addressed, to serve all and every such summons and summonses upon all and every person and persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the person or persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the same at his, her or their last or usual place or places of abode, or at the premises for which the rate or j

assessment mentioned in such summons shall remain due and owing; and if any person or persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the time and place mentioned in such summons, then upon due proof of service of the summons, and that such rate or assessment remains due and unpaid, or if he, she or they shall attend and shall not show good and sufficient cause to such justice or justices, why he, she or they is or are not chargeable with such rate or assessment, rates or assessments, or why the same should not be paid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to order and adjudge all and every person and per-

59

I

Class I.]

Poor of Hull.

sons who shall have been so summoned to pay the rate or assessment in respect of which such summons was issued, and the reasonable costs and charges of such summons, and to grant a warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, authorizing and directing the said overseer or assistant overseer, or any constable or constables of the said town or precinct, or any one or more of them, to collect and levy such rate or assessment, and all arrears thereof, and the expence of the summons and warrant, by distress of the goods and chattels of the parly so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within the said town or precinct, or elsewhere within the county of the said town, if removed therefrom; and if within five days next after any such distress shall be made the said rate or assessment, with all arrears due, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable charges of the said summons and warrant, and of making such distress, and keeping such goods and chattels, the said overseer or assistant overseer, constable or constables, or any one or more of them, shall cause the said goods to be appraised by one or more appraiser or appraisers, and the same, or such part or parts thereof as shall be sufficient, to be sold by auction or private contract, and thereout to pay the said rate or assessment, together with all arrears due, and the reasonable charges aforesaid, and the charges of keeping, appraising and selling the same, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels respectively, upon demand thereof made by him, her or them; and if no sufficient distress can be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices to commit such person or persons so offending or neglecting to pay such rate or assessment, to the common gaol or house of correction for the said town, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as such person or persons so committed shall have paid the sum or sums so rated or assessed upon him, her or them, and such charges as aforesaid, or during so long time as the justice or justices making such commitment shall think reasonable, unless he shall sooner pay the same; provided that no such person or persons shall be confined or detained in prison for want of such distress for any longer space of time than three calendar months.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every warrant of distress for the Form of wuri, t nonpayment of any rate or assessment to be made by virtue of this act, of may include two or more persons, and shall be in the words, or to the effect following: (videlicet,)

Town and County of the J " To the Overseer or Overseers

Town of Kiogston-upon-Hull. £or the Assistant Overseer or Overseers]

appointed by virtue of the powers of an Act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty King George the " Fourth, intituled [here insert the title of this ac/, ] and to all " Constables and other peace officers of the same town and County.

Whereas the undermentioned persons, now or late inhabitants, holders,

" landlords, tenants, occupiers or enjoyers of lands, houses, buildings,

" tenements or hereditaments, or other rateable property in the parish,

" [or, ward, or precinct, as the case may be] of within the

said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, were and are duly rated and assessed,

and liable to pay the rate and rates made by virtue of the above raen tioned act: and whereas the said persons have refused or neglected to pay the several sums of money at and against their names hereunto respectively set down, due from them respectively for or towards the purposes mentioned in the said act, and the said several sum and sums are still remaining due, in anrear and unpaid, as appeareth upon oath "[or, affirmation, if a quaker] to me [or, to us]

of His Majesty's justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof; and the said several persons having been summoned to appear before to answer the premises, as al4b appeareth

to me [or, us] the said justice [or, justices, ] upon oath [or, affirmation,

if a quaker, ] have not, or hath, either of them shown any sufficient cause why such sum or sums of money should not be paid; these are therefore in His Majesty's name, to will and require you, any or either of you forthwith to levy the said several sums due from the said persons,

5 Geo. IV.

c. 13.

For recovery of Rates on removal of persons into other Wards of the Town.

Arrears of Rate* under former Acts, to be collected by the Overseers under this Act, and applied in the same manner as Rates under this Act,

Poor of

[Part II.

" and hereunder set opposite to their names respectively, by distress and "sale of their respective goods and chattels, (such goods and chattels, "being kept for the space of five days before the same are sold,) rendering "to them respectively the overplus, (if any be,) the reasonable charges "of such summons, warrants, distress, sale and keeping, being first "deducted; and if no sufficient distress can be had or taken, that then " you certify the same to me, [or, us] to the end that such further proceedings may be had therein, as by law directed; and I [or, we] do " hereby strictly charge and command ail and singular the constables "and other His Majesty's peace officers for the said town and county, to "be aiding and assisting in all things relating to the premises.

" Given under my hand and seal, [or, under our hands and seals] this day of in the year of our Lord one thousand

" eight hundred and twenty

Sums due.

A. B. C. D. E. F. G. H. J. K.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall remove out of or from, or quit the possession of any land, house, building, tenement or hereditament within the said town or precinct, before the rate or assessment charged thereon by virtue of this act shall be paid and discharged, or if any person shall enter into the occupation of any land, house, building, tenement or hereditament in the said town or precinct, out of or from which any other person or persons shall have so removed, before payment of the said rate or assessment, then the person or persons so removing out of or from, or quitting the possession of, and the person or persons entering into the occupation of any such land, house, building, tenement or hereditament, shall be respectively liable to the payment of such rate or assessment, in proportion to the time such person or persons respectively possessed or occupied the same, in the like manner as if the person or persons so removing or quitting as aforesaid, had remained in the possession or occupation of such land, house, building, tenement or hereditament, or the person or persons so entering into the possession or occupation thereof, had been originally rated or assessed to such rate or assessment, which portion, in case of dispute, shall be ascertained by any one or more of His Majesty's justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, on the application of any overseer or assistant overseer at aforesaid; and in case any person or persons shall come into the occupation of any such land, house, building, tenement or hereditament, by renting or taking the same from the last immediate occupier, then and in such case, the person or persons so coming into the occupation thereof, shall be subject and liable to the rate and assessment in arrear for any period not exceeding three calendar months preceding such his occupation, as if he, she or they had been originally rated or assessed.

LXXXU. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every rate and assessment, and the arrears of each and every rate and assessment already rated and assessed, or ordered and directed to be levied, assessed and collected by and under the authority of the said recited acts, or any of them, or which shall be made under the authority of the said recited acts, or any of them, at any time or times, before the said thirtieth day of September next, shall and may be levied, assessed and collected by Such person or persons in such and the same ways, by such means and under such and the same powers, restrictions and regulations, and with the same remuneration, salary or poundage as any rate or assessment, or arrears of any rate or assessment ordered and directed to be levied, assessed and collected by virtue of this act, can or may be raised, levied and collected, and shall and may be paid and applied by the person or persons hereby empowered, or hereby authorized to be appointed to collect and receive the same, in the like manner and for the like purposes as any other rate or assessment is hereby directed to be paid and applied.

Class I.] Poor of Hull.

51

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all monies which shall have arisen under the said recited acts, or any of them, or shall arise by or from the rates or assessments hereby granted for the purposes of this act, or which shall be levied or received from time to time by virtue of this act, (except such monies as are herein directed to be otherwise disposed of,) shall be paid to the said corporation or their treasurer, or to such person or persons as the said corporation shall appoint to receive the same, and shall be applied and disposed of in the first place in paying and defraying the costs, charges and expences which shall have been incurred in or shall be incident to, and attend the obtaining and passing this act; and in the next place, in discharge of the charges and expences of carrying the several purposes of this act into execution, and all costs, charges and expences which the said corporation, or any of their officers may sustain or be put unto in carrying this act into execution, or in prosecuting any indictments, actions or suits in anywise relating to or concerning any of the monies granted or arising by virtue of this act, or any other the purposes of this act, or in any manner relating to the execution thereof, and for such other uses and purposes as are herein expressed, and for no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said governor or deputy governor, assistants and guardians, assembled at any of their general courts or assemblies shall consider it expedient to enlarge the present workhouse, and buildings belonging thereunto, or to erect and build another workhouse in lieu thereof, the said governor or deputy governor shall cause notice in writing to be given to all the members of the said corporation, or to be left at their respective dwelling-houses, within three days after the holding of such general court or assembly, signifying the opinion of the court as to such expediency, and that a special general court or assembly will be held upon a certain day, to be appointed in such notice, in order to take the same into consideration, (one calendar month at the least intervening between the day so appointed and the day of the date of such notice; ) and in case such special general court or assembly convened in the manner and for the purpose last mentioned, and consisting of the governor or deputy governor, and not less than twenty of the guardians of the said corporation, or the major part of them so assembled, shall agree and resolve upon the expediency of enlarging the present workhouse, and buildings belonging thereunto, or of erecting and building another workhouse in lieu thereof, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation hereby constituted to enlarge the present workhouse, and any of the buildings thereunto belonging, or to provide or purchase, or erect and build, another workhouse in lieu thereof in any other part of the said town or precinct, and also any other place or places for receiving, maintaining and setting to work the poor under their care and management, or to dispose of the present workhouse, and the buildings and ground thereunto belonging, and to purchase other ground for, and to build thereupon a more commodious workhouse, with proper and suitable offices for the use of the said corporation, and for receiving, maintaining, lodging and employing the poor under their care and management.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon and after any such alterations and improvements shall have been determined and agreed upon in manner hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, constituted a corporation by virtue of this act, if they shall see fit, to contract and agree with any person or persons for enlarging the said present workhouse and any of the buildings thereunto belonging, or for pulling down and rebuilding the same, or any part or parts thereof, on an enlarged scale, and erecting such offices and outbuildings as may be deemed necessary for maintaining and employing the poor of the said town, or for erecting or building any new workhouse with such requisite offices and outbuildings as aforesaid, upon any other site or ground within the said town or precinct, or for performing any part or parts of such works as aforesaid, or for providing materials for any part or parts thereof, upon such terms as the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians shall deem expedient.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before any contract or contracts shall be entered into, twenty-one days notice at the least shall be

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Application of Monies arising under former Acts and this Act.

Special Courts may order Workhouse, kc. to he enlarged, or to he taken down and a new one built.

Power to contract, &c.

Notice of entering into contracts to ne given.

62

Poor of Hull.

[Part II,

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Governor may compound for breach of Contract

Power to purchase Lands, &c.

Incapacitated persona empowered to sell.

given in one or more of the Hull newspapers of the intention of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians to enter into such contract or contracts, expressing therein the general nature and objects of such contract or contracts, in order that any person or persons willing to undertake the same, may make proposals for that purpose, to be offered and presented to the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, at a certain time and place to be mentioned in such notice; and all and every person and persons, who shall enter into any such contract, shall give security to the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, for the due performance thereof; and copies of all contracts made in pursuance of this act shall be entered in a book or books to be kept by the said corporation for that purpose.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, from time to time and at all times hereafter, if it shall be so determined at any of their courts or assemblies to be held for that purpose, to compound and agree with any person or persons on account of any breach or nonperformance of such contract or contracts, for such sum or sums of money as they shall think proper, so as the sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the injury or damage sustained by the breach or nonperformance of such contract or contracts, and all costs, charges and expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, hereby constituted a corporation, to treat, contract and agree with the owner or owners of, and person or persons interested in, any freehold or copyhold lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, within the said town or lordship of Myton, which it may be necessary to purchase for the purpose of erecting and providing a workhouse and other buildings and offices, yards and gardens, for the reception, lodging, accommodation, employment and maintenance of the poor of the said towm, for the absolute purchase thereof, and to purchase the same, not exceeding in the whole five acres; and it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, tenants in tail, tenants for life or for any term or number of years determinable with any life, or lives, or for any term of years absolute, of which twenty-one years shall at the time of such contract be unexpired, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees in trust, committees, executors, administrators and all other trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of the person or persons entitled in reversion, remainder or expectancy after them, and for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts, whether femes covert, infants, or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, or other person or persons whomsoever under any disability of acting for themselves, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in any such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises, to contract with the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians for the sale thereof, or for the satisfaction to be made for the same, and to sell and convey by conveyance, lease and release, or bargain and sale enrolled, unto the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, all or any such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises, or any part thereof, for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to hold such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises, so purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statutes of mortmain, or of any other law or statute whatsoever; and all contracts, agreements, bargains, sales and conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall without any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, or other conveyances or assurances in the law whatsoever, be good, valid and effectual, to and for such ends, intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person or persons conveying, but also to convey all estate, right, interest, use, property, claim and demand whatsoever of their said several and respective cestui que trusts, and all persons claiming or to claim by, from or under them, and of all persons entitled in remainder, or reversion expectant on any particular estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the dower and dowry

Class I.]

Poor of Hull.

(V3

of such person or persons, and all estates tail, and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder or expectancy; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or tiling whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations, whether aggregate or sole, spiritual or lay, tenants in tail or for life or lives, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, trustees and other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this act as aforesaid.

J.XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, to purchase from any such body or bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, tenants in tail, for life, or for years determinable or absolute as aforesaid, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees in trust, committees, executors, administrators or other trustees whatsoever, more than five statute acres; and in case the said corporation shall afterwards sell the whole or any part of such five statute acres so purchased, it shall not be lawful for the said corporation to purchase, or for the same or any other body or bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, tenants in tail, for life, or for years determinable or absolute as aforesaid, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees in trust, committees, executors, administrators or other trustees whatsoever, to sell to the said corporation any other lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises in lieu of or instead of those five statute acres, or any part thereof so sold or disposed of by the said corporation.

XC. And be it further enacted, That every sum of money or recompense to be agreed for as aforesaid, shall be paid out of any monies by this act authorized to be raised to the party or parties, or person or persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their agents, or into the Bank of England, in manner by this act directed, as the case may be; and upon such payment to such party or persons, or their agents, or into the Bank of England, and after three calendar months notice thereof given to such party or persons, or to their agents, or left at their respective usual places of abode, or with the tenant or tenants in possession of such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises, then such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises respectively, shall and may be taken and used for the purposes of this act, and all parties and persons whomsoever shall be divested of all right and title to such lands and hereditaments; and all*the estate, right, title, use, trust, property, claim and demand, in law or equity, of the person or persons respectively, to whose use such payments shall be made iuto or out of such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, shall vest in the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, and their successors for ever, for the use and purposes of this act.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the purchase of any lands, houses, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, to be purchased, taken or used by virtue of the powers of this act for the purposes thereof, which shall belong to any body politic, corporate or collegiate, tenant in tail, for life, or for years determinable or absolute as aforesaid, or to any feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husband, guardian, committee, or other trustee for or on behalf of any infant, lunatic, idiot, feme covert or other cestui que trust, or to any person whose lands, tenements or hereditaments are limited in strict or other settlement, or to any person under any other disability or incapacity whatsoever, such money shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his account there, ex parte the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians of the poor of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, pursuant to the method prescribed by an Act passed in the first year of the reign of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled," An Act for the better securing " monies and effects paid into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster," on account of the suitors of the said court, and for the appointment of an u Accountant General and two Masters of the said court, and for other

5 Geo. IV.

c. 13.

Restraining the Corporation from purchasing more than five acre* of land from incapacitated persons.

Purchase Monies, how and to whom to be paid.

Application of Purchase monies mounting to 200£.

M

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

6 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Where lew than 200£. and not less than 20£.

" purposes," and the general orders of the said court, and without fee or reward; and shall, when so paid in there, remain until the same shall by order of the said court, made upon a petition, to be preferred to the said court in a summary way by the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, houses, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, be applied either in the purchase or redemption of the land-tax, or in or towards the payment or discharge of any debt or debts or other incumbrances affecting the same lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, or affecting other lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises standing settled therewith or to the same or the like uses, trusts, intents or purposes, as the said Court of Exchequer shall authorize to be purchased, redeemed, paid or discharged, or such part thereof as shall be necessary, or until the same shall upon the like application be laid out in a summary way by order of the said court, in the purchase of other lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, which shall be conveyed, limited and settled to, for and upon such and the like uses, trusts, intents and purposes, and in the like manner as the lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance or settlement shall be existing undetermined or capable of taking effect; and in the meantime and until such order can be made, the said money may by order of the said court, upon application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his name, in the purchase of Three pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or in Government or real Securities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities or Government or real Securities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank or Annuities, or Government or real Securities shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, so hereby authorized to be purchased, conveyed and settled.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, to be purchased, taken or used for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any corporation, or to any person or persons under any disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, in case of infancy, idiotcy or lunacy or other incapacity, with the approbation of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the name and with the privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and be placed to his account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same may be paid at the like option and with the like approbation to two trustees, to be nominated by the person or persons who for the time being would be entitled to the rents and profit of the lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises so to be purchased and settled, such nomination to be approved of by the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, and such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the parties nominating such trustees, and under the common seal of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians; and the money so paid to such trustees, and the dividends arising thereon, shall be by them applied in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the money so to be paid into the bank in the name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, but without obtaining or being required to obtain any order of the said court touching the application thereof.

65

Class I.] Poor of Hull.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be paid to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, so purchased, taken or used for the purposes of this act, for his, her or their own use and benefit; or in case of infancy, idiotcy, lunacy or other incapacity, then such money shall be paid to his, her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any question shall arise touching the title of any person or persons to any money to be paid into the Bank of England in the name and with the prjvity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer in pursuance of this act, for the purchase of any lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, or of any estate, right, title or interest in any lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, to be purchased in pursuance of this act for the purposes aforesaid, or to any Bank Annuities or Government or real Securities to be purchased with any such money, or the dividends or interest of any such Bank Annuities or Government or real Securities, the person or persons who shall have been in possession of such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises respectively at the time of such purchase, and all persons claiming under such person or persons, or under the possession of such person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises respectively, according to such possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the satisfaction of the said court; and the dividends or interest of the Bank Annuities or Government or real Securities to be purchased with such money, and also the capital of such Bank Annuities or Government or real Securities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said court that such possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other person or persons was or were lawfully entitled to such lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments or premises, or to some estate or interest therein.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any disability or incapacity of the person or persons or corporation entitled to any lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, to be purchaied, taken or used under the authority of this act, the purchase money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Exchequer, or be applied in the purchase of other lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, to be settled to the like uses in pursuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court to order the expences of all purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this act, or so much of such expences as the said court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary costs and charges of obtaining such order, to be paid by the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, out of the monies to be received by virtue of this act, who shall from time to time pay such sums of money for such purposes as the said court shall direct.

XCVJ. And be it further enacted, That every mortgagee of any lands, houses, buildings, tenements, hereditaments and premises, which shall be so contracted for and purchased as aforesaid in pursuance of this act, his, her or their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns respectively, on having two calendar months notice in writing, given to him, her or them, from the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, or any committee of the said corporation for paying off the principal money and interest which shall be then due on such mortgages respectively, shall at the expiration of the said two calendar months after such notice, upon payment or tender of the principal money and interest which shall be then due, convey and assign his, her and their respective estates and interest* in and to the said mortgaged premises to the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, and their successors, for the uses or purposes of this act, or to such person or persons as the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians shall Dominate or app int, in trust for the said corporation

5 Geo. IV.

c. 13.

Where lea than 20£.

Upon any question arising as to Title to Money to be paid, the Person in possession of the Lands, &r. at the time of such Purchase shall be deemed en Li tied thereto.

Court of Exchequer may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to b* paid by the Governor, See.

Mortgagees to convey.

66

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

5 Geo. IV. e. 13.

F.mpowerin^ Corporation in certain to

dispose, of the

1»r»*sent Work->ouse.

Monies rore:vcd for Sale of Lands to be applied for the purpose of rebuild!)? the Workhouse.

Power to borrow Money on the Hates.

and their successors, for the uses and purposes of this act; and if any such mortgagee, his, her or their heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, shall refuse so to do, then all interest on every such mortgage, from the expiration of the said two calendar months, after any such notice, shall eeaje and determine; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, shall agree and resolve under the powers of this act to erect a new workhouse on another site, as hereinbefore mentioned, or in case the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, shall under the provisions of this act purchase any lands, tenements or hereditaments, part of which may not be necessary for the purposes of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, and any persons or person in whom any lands, tenements or hereditaments so purchased under this act shall be vested, and they and he and she are and is hereby authorized and required, either by public auction or private contract, to sell and dispose of, and by indenture or indentures under their common seal, to grant and convey, by way of absolute sale in fee simple, or for such estate and interest as they shall then have therein, all or any part or parts of the present workhouse and buildings thereunto belonging, and of the site or sites thereof, and the ground thereunto belonging, and also all or any part or parts of any other messuages, buildings, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, which did or shall belong to, or which were or shall be vested in, the said corporation constituted by the said recited acts, or which have heretofore been purchased by the said corporation out of the money raised by the said corporation for the relief of the poor under their care and management, or the rents and profits whereof have been hitherto applied towards the relief and maintenance of such poor, subject to such leases or other incumbrances as may affect the same premises respectively, and also all or any paft of such lands, tenements or hereditaments as shall or may be purchased under the powers of this act, or as shall belong to or be vested in the corporation constituted by virtue of this act, and as shall not in the judgment of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, be necessary or wanted to be retained for the purposes thereof, as they the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, at a special general court or assembly of the said corporation, shall deem expedient, to such person or persons as shall be willing to treat for the same, to such uses, upon such trusts, and in such manner, and upon such terms, and for such considerations, as the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians shall judge advantageous and convenient; and upon payment of the money which shall arise by or from the sale of such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the treasurer for the time being of the said corporation hereby constituted, to sign and give receipts for the monies for which the same shall be sold, which receipts shall be sufficient discharges to any person or persons for the purchase money for which such lands, tenements or herditaments shall be so sold, or for so much thereof as in such receipts shall be expressed or acknowledged to be received, and such person or persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any losses, misapplication or nonapplication of such purchase money, or any part thereof.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, Thai the money arising from the sale of such lands, tenements and hereditaments shall be applied and disposed of by the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, in or towards defraying the expencesof and attending the purchasing land, and the rebuilding of the said workhouse, or the erection of a new workhouse on another site, and for the general purposes of this act.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the monies to arise by the sales aforesaid, or any of them, shall be insufficient to defray the expence of repairing or rebuilding the said workhouse, or erecting a new workhouse, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, from time to time to borrow and take up at interest such sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds as they shall judge necessary to supply such deficiency, on the credit of the rates or assessments to be made, levied and collected by virtue of this act, and by writing under their common seal to assign all


Class I.]

Poor of Hull.

07

or any part of the said rates or assessments to such person or persons as shall lend or advance any money thereon, or to his, her or their trustee or trustees, as a security for the repayment of the principal money to be advanced with lawful interest for the same; and the charges and expences of such assignment, (to be made as hereinafter mentioned,) shall be from time to time defrayed by the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, out of the money so borrowed, and every such assignment shall be in the words or to the effect following, (that is to say; )

" We, the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, acting in " pursuance of an Act made in the fifth year of the reign of King " George the Fourth, intituled, [here set forth the title of this act, ] in " consideration of the sum of pounds advanced and lent

" by of in the county of

" upon the credit and for the purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant " and assign unto the said [or, to his trustee

" or trustees, as the case may be, ] his [or, her] executors, administrators and assigns, such proportion of the rates or assessments to be " raised, levied and collected by virtue of the same, as the said sum of doth or shall bear to the whole sum which may at

* any time be borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged upon " the credit of the said rates or assessments; to be had and bolden from " this day of until the said sum of

" with interest after the rate of per centum |»er annum for

" the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied. In witness whereof we, the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, have " hereunto caused our common seal to be set and affixed this " day of in the year of our Lord one thousand rigliL

" hundred and

And all such assignments shall be numbered, commencing with number one, and so proceeding in an arithmetical progression, ascending, whereof the common excess or difference shall always be one in respect of every one hundred pounds so advanced as aforesaid; and every such security shall be good, valid and effectual in the law, and shall entitle the person or persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their executors, administrators and assigns, to the payment thereof, and to all interest or advantage thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and all interest which shall become due thereon shall be paid half yearly by the said coloration at the workhouse for the time being, or in such other convenient place as the corporation shall appoint for the purpose.

C. And be it further enacted, That in case the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, at any general court or assembly, shall think it advisable to raise all or any part of the monies necessary for the purposes aforesaid, by granting annuities for lives instead of assignments as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by writing under their common seal, to grant an annuity or annuities to any person or persons who shall contribute, advance and pay into the bands of the treasurer or treasurers of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, any sum or sums of money for the absolute purchase of an annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural life of every such contributor, or during the natural lives of any two such contributors, and the life of the survivor, or the natural life of such person, or the natural lives of tw o such persons, and the life of the survivor, as shall he nominated by or on the behalf of such contributor at the time of the payment of his or her contribution or purchase money; and the expence of every such annuity shall be paid by the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, out of the monies so contributed; and the grant of every such annuity shall be in the w<»rd>, or to the effect, following: (that is to say; )

4t We, the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, acting in " pursuance of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King " George the Fourth, intituled, [here set forth the title of this act, ] m " consideration of the sum of paid by

' to the treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said act, d^> hueby 4t grant unto the said an annuity or \ early sum vf

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Annuiiio.

68

Poor of Hull. [Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Right to

Aiiiimtifs vest'd in Coutributoix

Form of Av>ign. incut of Ad miide*.

" to be paid out of the rates or assessments to be raised, levied and tf collected by virtue of the said act; which annuity or yearly sum " of shall be paid to the said

" or his [or, her] assigns, during the term of his [or, her] natural life, u [or, as the case may he, ] to the said his [or, her j

" executors, administrators or assigns, during the natural life of " [or, during the natural lives of

" and and the life of the survivor, ] upon the day

" of the day of the day

" of and the day of in every year, during

" the natural life or lives of him, her or them the said " at the the first quarterly payment thereof to be

" made upon the day of next ensuing the date

" hereof, together with a proportionable part of such annuity from the last quarterly day of payment to the day of the death of the annuitant," or his, her or their cestui que vie. In witness whereof we, the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, have caused " our common seal to be hereunto set and affixed the day

" of in the year of our Lord one thousand eight

" hundred and

And every such grant shall be good, valid and effectual in the law.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That all and every the contributor or contributors of any money upon the credit of this act, duly paying the consideration or purchase money for any such annuity or annuities, or other security as aforesaid, or such person or persons as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective executors, administrators or assigns, shall receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, receive and enjoy the respective annuity or annuities so to be purchased, or the interest of such assignment, or other security, out of the said rate or rates by this act charged therewith; and all and every such purchaser and purchasers of all and every such annuity or annuities, assignments or otheT security, and his, her and their respective executors, administrators and assigns, shall have a good, sure, absolute and indefeasible estate, right and interest in and to the said annuities, assignments or other security so to be by them respectively purchased as aforesaid, according to the tenor and meaning of this act.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the persons entitled to any of the securities for the money to be borrowed on legal interest as aforesaid, or to be raised by granting of annuities as aforesaid, and their respective executors, administrators and assigns (as the case may be,) at any time by writing under their hands and seals, to transfer such securities to any person or persons whomsoever; and every such transfer may be in the words or to the effect following, (that is to

«ay; )

* I, A. B being entitled to the sum of [or, an annuity

" of ] secured to and his

* assigns, [or, his or their executors, administrators and assigns, as the u case may be, ] by virtue of an assignment or grant of an annuity," bearing date the day of under the

<f common seal of the governor, deputy governor, assistants and 11 guardians, acting in the execution of an act made in the fifth year of ft the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled, [here set forth the " title of this act, ] upon the credit of the rates or assessments granted " or payable by the said act, do hereby transfer all my right and interest in and to the same sum, [or, annuity] and all interest and " other money due and arising therefrom, unto his or

" her executors, administrators and assigns. Dated the " day of

" A. B"

And a copy of such security or assignment, and of every grant of annuity which shall be made in pursuance of this act, and an extract or memorial of every transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians; which extract or memorial shall specify and contain the dates, names of the parties, and sums of money thereby transferred, to

09

Class I.] ' Poor of Hull.

which book any person interested shall at all seasonable times have access, and shall have free liberty to inspect the same, without fee or reward; and for the entering of every such transfer the clerk shall be paid by the person to whom such transfer shall be made, the sum of ten shillings and no more; and every such transfer, after entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the person to whom the transfer shall be made, and his or her executors, administrators and assigns, to the benefit of the security thereby transferred.

CHI. And be it further enacted, That if the interest of any of the monies so to advanced or lent, or the annuity or annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, or any part or parts thereof respectively, shall be behind, in arrear and unpaid by the space of fourteen days next after the same shall become due and payable, then, and in either of such cases it shall be lawful for the person or persons entitled to such interest or annuities, having first demanded of the treasurer of the said corporation the payment of such interest or annuity so in arrear, to commence and prosecute an action at law against the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, for the recovery of the said interest or annuity so in arrear, the venue of which action shall be laid in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull and county thereof, and not elsewhere; and in such action no essoign, privilege, protection ot wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be a'llowed; and upon every such default of payment, the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be made by authority of this act, shall be vested in such creditors or annuitants, until the same interest and annuities, together with legal interest on the sum or sums which shall be so in arrear, and all costs and charges occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no annuity or annuities, to be granted and secured under this act, shall be paid or recoverable unless the person for whose life, or one of the persons for whose lives the same shall have been granted, shall personally appear before the said governor or deputy governor for the time being, or & certificate or certificates shall be produced to the governor or deputy governor, under the hand or respective hands of the officiating minister, and one of the churchwardens of the parish or place where such person or persons shall respectively reside, certifying that such person or persons was or were living on or after the day such payment became due, or such other sufficient proof of the fact shall be produced as shall be satisfactory to them, the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians.

CV. And, for preventing any improvident grants of annuities under this act, Be it further enacted, That no annuities shall be granted by virtue of this act, for any single life, at any higher rate than the following; (that is to say,) when the age of the annuitant or person for whose life the annuity shall be granted, shall not exceed thirty-five years, the annuity to be granted shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds three shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money paid for the purchase thereof; when the age of such person shall not exceed forty years, the annuity to be ganted, shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds ten shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; when the age of such person shall not exceed forty-five years, the annuity shall not exceed the rate of nine pounds for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; when the age of such person shall not exceed fifty years, the annuity shall not exceed the rate of nine pounds twelve shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; when the age of such person shall not exceed fifty-five years, the annuity shall not exceed the rate of ten pounds eight shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; when the age of such person shall not exceed sixty years, the annuity shall not exceed the rate of eleven pounds eight shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; when the age of such person shall not exceed sixty-five years, the annuity shall not exceed the rate of twelve pounds seventeen shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; when the age of such person shall not exceed seventy years, the annuity shall not exceed the rate of fifteen pounds one shilling for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money; and when the age of such person shall not exceed seventy-five years, the annuity shall

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Reme<lv to Annuitants to recover Interest,

&c.

Proof of the Cestui que vie before payment of Annuity.

Annuities uutlcf certain restrictions.

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

For payment of Creditors by Ballot.

Power to borrow Money at a lower rate of Interest.

Extending the General Laws relating to Luna, tic* to Hull.

not exceed the rate of eighteen pounds ten shillings for each one hundred pounds of the consideration money.

CVI. And in order that no preference may be given to any of the persons who shall have advanced and lent money upon the credit of the said rates or assessments. Be it further enacted, That the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians (if there shall be more creditors than one) shall cause the number or numbers of all assignments or securities granted, in case more than the sum of one hundred pounds shall be lent and advanced upon any such assignment or security as aforesaid, and then in force for securing the principal monies lent and advanced uj>on the credit of the said rates or assessments, of which part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written on distinct pieces of paper of an equal size, each piece of paper to contain only one number in respect of every one hundred pounds so borrowed as aforesaid, and all such papers shall be rolled up in the same form as near as may be, and be put into a box or wheel, and the number or number of the said assignments or securities shall be drawn separately out of the said box or wheel by the clerk to the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians; and after every such ballot the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians shall cause notice, signed by their said clerk, to be given or left at the last or usual place of abode of the person or persons who shall be entitled to the money to be paid off, either in full or part payment of their respective assignments or securities as aforesaid, pursuant to such ballot, and where there is only one creditor, to give six calendar months notice to such creditor of the intention of the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians, to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such notice shall express the sum to be paid off, together with the interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid on a day and at a place to be specified in such notice, such day not being sooner than six calendar months after the day of giving or leaving such notice as aforesaid; and the interest of the principal money so to be paid off shall from and after the day so specified cease, and be no longer paid or payable, unless such money shall be demanded of the treasurer of the said corporation pursuant to such notice, and not paid; but the principal money in respect whereof such notice shall be given, and also the interest thereof to the day so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on demand; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to require the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians to pay off and discharge any monies lent on the credit of the said rates or assessments by way of annuity, until all other the creditors on the said rates or assessments shall be paid off and discharged, and the several parties so lending money by way of annuity shall agree to accept the sum or sums of money offered by the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians for the repurchase of such his, her or their annuity or annuities.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians can at any time borrow or take up any sum or sums of money at a lower rate of interest than the assignments or securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians from time to time to charge the said rates or assessments, in manner aforesaid, with such sum or sums of money as they shall think pro> per, and the interest thereof at such lower rate of interest as aforesaid, and therewith to pay off and discharge the assignments or securities bearing a higher rate of interest, according to the directions and regulations herein prescribed for paying off assignments or securities.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said thirtieth day of September next, all and every the powers, provisions, directions, clauses, matters and things whatsoever, contained in an act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act for the better care and maintenance of lunatics, being paupers or criminals in England ;" and in another act passed in the fifty-first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend an Act of the forty-eighth year of his present Majesty, for the better care and maintenance of lunatics, being paupers or criminals in England;" and in another act passed in the fifty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled," An Act to amend an Act passed in the forty-eighth year of the

Class I.]

Poor of Hull.

71

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better care and maintenance of lunatics, being1 paupers or criminals in England; ' " and in another act passed in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled " An Act for making provision for the better care of pauper lunatics in England; '* (except so far as the same do or shall authorize or require the erection of any new asylum for the reception of lunatics,) shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend, to the said town of Kingston upon-Hull, and county of the same town, as though the said town and county thereof had been expressly named and included in the said several acts; and that the workhouse belonging to the said corporation shall for ever thereafter be and be deemed and taken to be an asylum for the reception of such lunatics, to all intents and purposes, as though the same had been erected and established as a lunatic asylum for the said town and county thereof under and by virtue of the said several acts, and shall be subject to the provisions, regulations and directions contained in the said acts, and made conformable thereto.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no spirituous liquors shall be conveyed into any such workhouse without the permission of the said corporation, or by the order of the apothecary or other medical man appointed to attend such workhouse; and every person who shall so offend, and be convicted thereof before one or more justice or justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, one moiety of which penalty shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the said corporation, to be applied to the purposes of this act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That all and every treasurer or treasurers, officer or officers, and other person or persons who shall be appointed or continued by virtue of this act or the said recited acts, and also all and every other person and persons to whom the collection and receipt of the rates hereby authorized to be made shall under the provisions herein contained, belong, or to whom any monies shall be issued or paid by or on account of the said corporation hereby constituted, for the purposes of the said corporation or of this act, shall from time to time whenever thereunto required by the governor or deputy governor for the time being of the said corporation, or by order of any court or assembly, respectively make out and deliver to the said governor or deputy governor, or the clerk or clerks of the said corporation, a true and perfect account in writing under his or their hand or hands, of all monies which shall have been by him or them had collected or received, for or on account or for the use of the said corporation, or for the purposes of this act, and how and to whom and for what purpose the same and every part thereof bath been disposed of, together with the vouchers and receipts for all such payments, disbursements and dispositions which shall have been or shall be alleged to have been made thereof: and every such treasurer, collector, officer and person respectively shall and is hereby required to pay to the said governor, deputy governor, or such other person as the said corporation shall at any general court or assembly appoint to receive the same, all such monies as upon the balance of such account shall appear to be owing from him or them on account of the monies ordered to he raised for the purposes of this act, or the said recited acts, to the said corporation; and if any such treasurer, officer or person shall refuse or neglect to render and deliver such account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the vouchers and receipts relating to the same, or to pay the balance thereof when thereunto required, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver to the said governor or deputy governor, or to such person or persons as the said corporation shall in manner aforesaid appoint, within ten days after being thereunto required by the said governor or deputy governor, or by any order of a general court or assembly, all books, papers and writings in his or their custody or power belonging to the said corporation, relating to the execution of this act, then and in every such case, complaint being made by the said governor or deputy governor, or by any other person or persons on the behalf of the said corporation, to any two justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, town or place where such treasurer, officer or person so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, or carry on trade or business, such justices are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause such

5 Geo. IV.

c. 13.

For preventing the improper introduction of Spiritnii* 1, iijunr» into the Work-house.

Treasurer and other Officers to account.

1

9

72

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

In caw* of the Death of Officers, the l>xecutor« to deliver up Books, and pay Balances.

Removal, Prosecution or Conviction of any Officer, not to discharge Securities.

Inhabitants not to be deemed incompetent Witnesses.

treasurer, officer or person to be brought before them, or any other two justices of the same county, riding, city, town or place, and such justices are hereby authorized and required, upon his, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear ami determine the matter of such complaint in a summary way, and to settle the said account, if produced, in such manner as the said corporation might have done; and if upon the confession of such treasurer, officer or person against whom such complaint shall be made, or by the oath or oaths of any witness or witnesses, or upon the said account, if produced, it shall appear to any such justices that any of the monies which shall have been collected or received, shall be in the hands of or owing from such treasurer, officer or person, such justices, or any other justices of the same county, riding, city, town or place, may and are hereby authorized upon nonpayment thereof, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such treasurer, officer or person respectively; and if no goods or chattels can be found sufficient to answer or satisfy the said monies, and the charges of taking and making such distress and of selling the same, or if such treasurer, officer or person shall not appear, (without sufficient excuse,) or, if appearing, shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver to the said justices such account in writing as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said justices the several vouchers and receipts, or to deliver up as aforesaid all such books, papers and writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the cases aforesaid the said justices, or any two other justices of the same county, riding, city, town or place, are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such treasurer, officer or person to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, city, town or place where he or they shall live or reside, or carry on trade or business as aforesaid, thereto remain without bail or main prize, until he or they shall have delivered up the vouchers and receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the money which shall appear to be in the hands of or owing from him or them, and the reasonable charges of such distress and sale, if any, as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said corporation and paid the composition money to the said corporation, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, (and which composition the said corporation are hereby empowered to make,) and shall have delivered up as aforesaid such books, papers and writings as aforesaid, or have given satisfaction in respect thereof to the said corporation: provided always, that no such person who shall be committed for want of a sufficient distress only, shall be detained in prison by virtue of this act, for any longer time than six calendar months.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any treasurer, collector, officer or other person appointed, employed or authorized to receive, collect or recover any of the rates or sums of money hereby authorized to be raised, any or either of them shall die before the expiration of his office, or before he shall have fully accounted for, paid and satisfied all the monies by him received, then and in every such case his executors or administrators, or other legal representative or representatives, shall within twenty-one days after his decease deliver over all things concerning his office, to such person or persons as the governor or deputy governor for the time being, or the said corporation, at any general court or assembly respectively, shall direct or appoint to receive the same.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That neither the removal, prosecution or commitment of any treasurer, collector or officer appointed by virtue of this act, or any proceedings against his or their executors or administrators, shall acquit or discharge any security or surety that shall or may have been taken by or given to the said corporation for the due and faithful execution of the office of such treasurer, collector or other officer, or the payment of the money to be received by him as aforesaid; but such security or surety shall be discharged when the terms or conditions of such security shall have been fulfilled or satisfied.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That In all actions, prosecutions, informations, causes, appeals and proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning any rate to be made by virtue of this act, or in anywise relating to the settlement, relief or maintenance of the poor of the said town of

73

Class 1J Poor of Hull.

Kingston-upon-Hull, or under the care of the said corporation, or in any manner relating to or concerning the execution of this act or the said recited acts, no inhabitant of the said town or precinct, nor any overseer for any of the said wards, nor any assistant overseer, shall be deemed incompetent to give evidence by reason of his or her being rated or assessed by virtue of this act or the said recited acts, or by reason of his bolding such office as aforesaid; any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any defect or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards committed or done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action upon the case, but subject to such regulations and restrictions as are by this act hereinafter provided, touching any action to be brought for or in respect of any matter or thing done by colour or in performance of this act.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, forfeitures and sums of money, inflicted, imposed or recoverable by or in pursuance of this act or the said recited acts, or any or either of them, and which shall have been incurred and remain unpaid at the time of the commencement of this act, or by any by-law, rule, order or regulation made in pursuance of the said recited acts, or any or either of them, or of this act (the manner of levying or recovering whereof is not otherwise hereinbefore particularly provided for,) may in case of nonpayment thereof be recovered in a summary way, by order and adjudication of two or more justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, on complaint to them for that purpose made: and such justices, or any two other justices of and for the said town and county thereof, are hereby authorized and required to summon the party or parties against whom such complaint shall be made, by notice in writing given to him, her or them, or left at bis, her or their usual or last place or places of abode, and to summon and examine any witness or witnesses upon oath, or affirmation, in case such witness or witnesses shall be of the people called quakers, of and concerning such offences, matters and things, and to hear and determine the same, and to award costs in their discretion to the parties complaining, or complained against; and such fines, penalties, forfeitures, costs and sums of money shall and may afterwards be levied on nonpayment, as well as the costs of such proceedings, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, or respective offenders, or person or persons liable to pay the same, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two such justices, and the overplus (if any) of the money so levied or recovered, after discharging the fine, penalty or forfeiture for which such warrant shall be issued, and the costs and expences of recovering and levying the same, shall be returned to the owner or owners of the goods or chattels so seized or distrained; and in case such fines, penalties, forfeitures and sums of money shall not be paid forthwith upon conviction, then it shall and may be lawful for any two such justices to order the offender or offenders so convicted to be detained in safe custody, until return shall be conveniently made to such warrant of distress, unless the same offender or offenders shall give sufficient security to the satisfaction of any two such justices, for his, her or their appearance before them, or any two other of such justices, on such day or days as shall be appointed for the return of such wairant of distress, such day or days not being more than seven days from the time of taking any such security, and which security any two such justices are hereby empowered to take by way of recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the return of such warrant, it shall appear that no sufficient distress can be had whereupon to levy the said fine, penalty or forfeiture, costs or sums of money as aforesaid, or if it shall appear to such justices, either by the confession of the offender or offenders, or otherwise, that the offender or offenders hath or have not sufficient goods and chattels whereupon to levy such fine, penalty or forfeiture, and costs or sums of money as aforesaid, on a warrant of distress being issued, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace a* aforesaid, and they

K

5 Geo. IY. c. 13.

Diftrew not to be unlawful for waot of Form.

Mode of Recovering Fine* and Penalties.

74

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Form of

Conviction *

Conviction, &c. not to be quashed for want of Form, nor removeable by Certiorari.

Appeal.

are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction of the said town, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, unless such fines, penalties, forfeitures and sums of money, and all reasonable charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such penalties, forfeitures and sums of money when so levied, (the application whereof is not otherwise directed,) shall be paid to the treasurer of the said corporation, and wholly applied to the purposes of this act, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

CXV1. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence committed against this act, or any matter in pursuance thereof, the conviction shall be in the words or to the effect following:

Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull,

(to wit)

" Lord

" of His Majesty's justices of the peace of and for the

"town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and county thereof, by virtue of An Act passed in the fifth year of the reign ot King George the Fourth, u intituled 1 An Act/ [here set forth the title of this act, ] for that he " the said A. B. did on the day of in

u the year of our Lord [here state the offence] by

" reason whereof, I [or, we] do hereby adjudge the said A. B. to have forfeited [if the offender is to be found] the sum of [insert the penalty] together with the sum of for costs and charges, [if any

given, ] or, [if to be imprisoned, then] do adjudge the said A. B. to " be committed to the [naming the gaol] for the space of [insert the u time, and if the commitment be for nonpayment of a penalty, then add, unless the said sum of shall be sooner paid.]

" Given under my [or, our] hand and seal [or, hands and seals] the " day and year first above written."

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That no order, judgment, conviction, or other proceedings touching or concerning the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or removeable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, nor shall any other order made, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the execution of this act, be vacated or quashed for want of form only; any law or statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any body or bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or any persons or person shall think themselves, himself or herself aggrieved by any rate or assessment, or by any order or conviction, or other matter or thing which shall be made, bad or done in pursuance of this act or of the said recited acts, it shall and may be lawful for such body or bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, persons or person, to appeal to the justices of the peace of the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at the general or quarter sessions of the peace which shall be holden in and for such town and county, next after the demand first made of any such rate or assessment, or next after any such order, conviction, matter or thing being made, had, done or committed, (as the case may be,) such appellant or appellants first giving, or causing to be given, fourteen days notice at the least in writing of his, her or their intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter and ground thereof, as well to the said corporation (by leaving such notice, addressed to them, with the clerk of the said workhouse for the time being) and to such other person or persons as shall be intended to be affected by such appeal, as also (in the case of every appeal against any conviction or other proceeding had, made or done by or before any justice or justices of the peace) to the justice or justices of the peace by or before whom such conviction or proceedings shall have been had, made or done; and further, within four days next after giving or causing to be given such notice as aforesaid, entering into a recognizance before such justice or justices, or some other justice of the peace for the said town and county, with two sufficient sureties, in such reasonable sum or sums of moneyas such justice or justices shall direct.

Be it remembered. That on the day of in the year of our

A. B. is convicted before me [or, us]

75

Class IJ P of Hull.

conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide such order as shall thereupon be made, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by such justices at such general or quarter sessions as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby authorized, at such general or quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof, upon due proof of such notice, as before directed, having been given, and of the entering into such recognizance as hereinbefore is mentioned, to hear and finally determine the causes and matters of every such appeal in a summary way, and to award such restitution, damages and costs to the appellant or appellants, or respondent or respondents, not exceeding the amount of the sum or sums of money, charges and expences which shall have been actually recovered and received by any person or persons in pursuance of this act, together with such reasonable costs, charges and expences of prosecuting or defending such appeal, or as the said justices shall think proper; which determination of the said justices at such general or quarter sessions, or adjournment thereof as aforesaid, shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever: provided always, that in case there shall not be time to give the said fourteen days notice before the holding of such next general or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, then such appeal shall and may be made to, and heard and determined at, the first general or quarter sessions, prior to the holding of which there shall have been time to give such notice as aforesaid, such recognizance having been previously given and entered into as aforesaid.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That in cases of appeal to the justices of the peace at any general or quarter sessions to be bolden for the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and county of the same town, against or relating to any rate or assessment made under or by virtue of this act, the said justices, upon hearing such appeal, where they shall see just cause of relief, shall and are hereby empowered to correct, alter and amend such (ate or assessment in such manner only as shall be necessary for giving relief to the person or persons so appealing, without quashing or wholly setting aside the same rate or rates respectively: provided always, that if the court shall think it proper and necessary for giving such relief to persons appealing, that the rate should be wholly quashed, then and iu such case the court may wholly quash the same.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices who is and are hereby made competent, empowered or required to hear and determine any complaint under or by virtue of this act, to issue a summous under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to any person or persons whomsoever, to attend as a witness or witnesses, and to give evidence upon oath, or solemn affirmation, before any such justice or justices of the peace, touching any matter of fact contained in any information or complaint for any offence against this act, or against any bylaw, rule or order made in pursuance thereof, whether on the part of the prosecutors, or of the person or persons complained of, and which summons such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby required to issue, if thereunto required; and if such person or persons so summoned as aforesaid, upon being paid or tendered a reasonable sum for his, her or their costs and charges, trouble and attendance, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her or their refusal or neglect, to be approved of by such justice or justices, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath (or solemn affirmation,) and give evidence before such justice or justices, then and in every such case every such person shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding five pounds.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That all notices and summonses which are directed and required to be given by this act, or which are or may be directed or required to be given by any by-law, 'rule or order to be made in pursuance of this act, or which shall or may he necessary for carrying into execution any of the powers of this act, or any or either of such bylaws, rules or orders, of which the manner of serving the same is not particularly directed by this act, shall be printed or written, and shall or may be served, either by delivering the same personally to the person or persons to whom such notices respectively are to be given, or by leaving the same at his, her or their usual or last known place or places of abode; and with respect to the said corporation, by leaving the same at the workhouse

5 Geo. IV. c. 13.

Justices may amend Kale» on Appeal.

Attendance of

WitnfMfS may be compelled.

Notices may cu rved |'fi"on-al)y or l»y

Miue.

Poor of Hull.

[Part II.

Saring right* of Corporation, of Mayor, Ac.

Saving right* of Almshouses, Ac.

Saving Powers and Provision* in former Acts as to Paving, Ac.

Art made Tublic.

in or belonging to^ the said town, and being so respectively given or left, shall be deemed to be given and served according to the meaning of this act.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be brought against any person or persons for anything done under colour of, or in pursuance of this act, except it be brought within three calendar months next after the fact shall have been committed out of which the cause of such action shall have arisen, and every such action shall be laid and brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; provided also, that no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for any irregularity, tresspass or other proceeding, unless notice in writing shall have been given to the person or persons against whom the same is intended to be brought, or left at his, her or their last or usual place of abode twenty-one days before such action shall be commenced, signed by the attorney for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, specifying the cause of such action; nor shall the plaintiff or plaintiffs recover in such action, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed or cause to be committed the said fact before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, to pay into court such sum of money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceeding or order and judgment shall be had, made or given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court; provided also, that the defendant or defendants in all and every such action or actions may plead the general issue and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act; and if upon the trial of such action or actions it shall appear to have been so done, or that such action or actions shall have been brought before the expiration of twenty-one days next after such notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient satisfaction made, tendered or paid into court as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then and in such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall be found against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then and in every such case the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases of law.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any manner abridge, infringe or lessen all or any of the rights, franchises, immunities, powers or authorities of the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or of the mayor and aldermen of the said town, as justices of the peace within the same town and county thereof, or any of the accustomed rights and privileges of the said town.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not any ways extend to give the said corporation hereby constituted any power and authority over any almshouse or hospital, or any other charitable gift or use within the said town or precinct already given, settled or erected, otherwise than was held and enjoyed by the said corporation constituted under and by virtue of the said recited acts, but that the same shall be wholly exempted therefrom; aDy thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the powers or provisions of the said recited act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, or of any acts therein recited or referred to, so far as the same, or any of them, relate to or affect the better paving, preserving and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town, and preventing obstructions, and for preserving the lamps which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners, but the same shall remain in as full force and effect in all respects as if this act had not been passed.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

PART III

IMPROVEMENTS.

CLASS I. — STREETS, LAMPS, WATCHMEN, DRAINS AND IMPROVEMENTS OF HULL.

28 Geo. II. Cap. 27. 1755.

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for better paving, preserving, and cleansing the Streets, Squares, Lanes and Alleys in the said Town, and preventing obstructions therein; and for preserving the Lamps which shall be set up to enlighten the Streets of the said Town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners.

XVI.* And whereas, for the more regular and better paving and repairing of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town, it hath been customary for the mayor and aldermen of the said town, in common council assembled, from time to time, as they saw occasion, to order and direct the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys to be new paved or repaired by such workmen as they, the said mayor and aldermen, thought fit; and the said mayor and aldermen have usually provided proper materials for the paving and repairing of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, and the occupiers of messuages, lands and tenements, fronting to the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, have usually paid the said workmen, for their labour in paving and repairing the same, so much for every yard square lying before their said respective messuages, lands and tenements, in the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, unto the middle thereof, as hath been, from time to time, agreed on, and thought reasonable, by and between the said mayor and aldermen, and the said workmen; but, of late, where some streets in the said town have been new paved or repaired by such order as aforesaid, several persons, occupiers of messuages, lands and tenements in the said town, have refused to pay their proportions of the wages of the said workmen, and, by reason of the deficiency of the laws in this respect, the said mayor and aldermen cannot compel the payment of such wages; for remedy thereof, and for the better paving and repairing of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys of the said town, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, the mayor and aldermen of the said town, for the time being, or the major part of them, in common council assembled, shall have full power

Sect, 1 tn i:>, for the relief and employment of the poor, are repealed by 5 Geo. IV. c. 13. sec. 13. page 37. ante.

Former Method of paving the Streets of Hull recited.

Mayor and Alder, men to order the Streets to be paved, when they see Occasion

Paving and Cleaning Streets. [Part III.

28 Geo. II. c. 27.

Ami to employ Workmen for that Purpose; and settle the Price to be paid them.

Occupiers of Houses, 8cc. to pay the Work, men:

Distress for Nonpayment

Who are to be deemed occupiers of public Buildings.

Proprietors of Water-works,

&c. to pay the Expence of making good the Pavements, taken up by them.

and authority, from time to time, to order and direct any of the public streets, squares, lanes and alleys, now being *, or hereafter to be made, within the said town, or any part or parts of such streets, squares, lanes and alleys, to be paved or repaired, when, and as often as they, the said mayor and aldermen, shall see occasion, and in such manner as they shall think fit (the said mayor and aldermen furnishing and providing, out of the corporation stock, proper materials for that purpose, and causing the same to be brought to the place where such materials are to boused) and also to employ any workman or workmen whom they shall think fit to pave or repair the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys; and shall also settle the price to be paid to such workmarf or workmen, for their labour therein, by the respective occupiers of messuages, lands or tenements, situate and being in or adjoining to the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, according to the quantity of ground, or number of yards square lying betwixt their respective messuages, buildings, walls or tenements, and the middle of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the workman or workmen, or any of them so to be appointed as aforesaid, immediately after any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or any part thereof, shall be new paved or repaired by such order as aforesaid, to demand and receive of the respective occupiers of any messuages, or tenements, situate and being in, or adjoining to the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or such part thereof, as shall be so new paved or repaired, the respective proportions of the money payable by such occupiers respectively, according to the price which shall have been settled by the said mayor and aldermen as aforesaid; and all and every such occupier and occupiers is and are hereby required and directed to pay the respective sums charged upon him, her, or them respectively, for the new paving or repairing of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, or any of them, within ten days after such suras shall be demanded as aforesaid: and, in case the occupier or occupiers of any such messuage, land or tenement, messuages, lands or tenements, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their proportion or proportions of such respective sums, within ten days after the same shall be demanded as aforesaid, the same shall and may be respectively levied on all and every such occupier or occupiers, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her or their goods or chattels, by warrant undeT the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace of and for the said town and county of Kingston*upon-Hull; the overplus if any be and be demanded, after all charges of making, keeping, and selling such distress shall be deducted, to be returned to the owner or owners of the goods or chattels so to be distrained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens of the respective parish churches of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the respective treasurers and trustees of and for the several chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals, within the said town for the time being, and the owners and occupiers of other public buildings within the said town, shall be obliged, and they are hereby respectively required, to pay the wages of the workmen, for new paving or repairing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys, in, or contiguous to which, the said churches, and church-yards thereto respectively belonging, and the said chapels, meeting houses and hospitals, and other public building *, and the grounds thereto respectively belonging, are situate or being, in proportion to the extent and quantity of ground, lying betwixt the said churches and church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals, and grounds thereto respectively belonging, and the middle of the same streets, squares, lanes and alleys respectively, so often as the same shall be new paved or repaired by such order as aforesaid; and shall be respectively subject to such distress and sale for the same respective proportions of the said wages, as the occupiers of messuages, lands and tenements are hereby made liable to.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so often as the pavement of any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or of any part of them, shall be taken up, for the laying or mending of any water-pipes therein, or for making or repairing any drains or sewers under the same, or other purposes, such pavements shall be new laid, and made good, in such manner

Class L] Paving and Cleaning Streets.

as the mayor and aldermen of the said town, for the time being, or the major part of them, or any person to be by them appointed and authorized to survey and overlook the paving and repairs of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the said town, shall direct, at the sole costs and charges of the proprietor or proprietors of the waterworks, his, her or their lessee or lessees, farmers or agents, or of the person or persons ordering and directing such pavements so to be taken up, or taking up the same respectively; such costs and charges to be levied by distress and sale of his, her or their respective goods and chattels, by warrant as aforesaid, in case the same shall not be paid within ten days after demand made thereof by the person appointed to survey the paving and repairing of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys as aforesaid; the overplus, if any be and be demanded, being returned to the owner, after the charges of taking, keeping and selling such distress, shall be deducted. *

XX.f And whereas the occupiers of houses, lands and tenements within the said town and liberties thereof, called Trippet, have used and ought by law to sweep and make clean so much of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the said town and liberties aforesaid, as lie contiguous to, and fronting their respective houses, lands and tenements, and between the same and the middle of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, and to carry off the soil and dirt thereof; but of late are become very remiss and negligent in doing the same, to the great annoyance of the inhabitants and all other persons passing through the said town and liberties; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, if the occupier of any house or houses, lands or tenements, within the said town and liberties aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to clean so much of the streets, squares, lanes or alleys within the said town and liberties, as do or shall lie contiguous to, fronting and between his or her said house or houses, lands or tenements respectively, and the middle of any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or to carry off the dirt, filth and soil thereof, for the space of two days next after public notice shall be given, by order of the mayor of the said town, by the public bellman thereof, for the inhabitants or occupiers of houses, lands or tenements within the said town, to make clean the streets, squares, lanes and alleys thereof, now made, or hereafter to be made, before their respective houses, lands and tenements; then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for any person or persons to be for* that purpose appointed by the justices of the peace of and for the said town, and county of the same town, at any of their quarter sessions, to be held for the said town and county thereof, to clean and carry off the dirt, filth and soil, from so much of every of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, as every such occupieT shall refuse or neglect to make clean, or carry off the dirt, filth and soil from, as aforesaid; and if any such occupier shall refuse, after demand made, to satisfy such person or persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, for his or their trouble and charge in cleaning and carrying off the dirt, filth and soil from such part or parts of any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, as such occupier shall have neglected to clean, or carry the dirt, filth or soil from as aforesaid, then such person or persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and may, by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor of the said town for the time being, or under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace of and for the said town and county of the same, levy, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, such sum or sums of money as the said mayor, or the said two justices, shall assess, and direct in such warrant to be paid to such person or persons for his or their trouble and charge aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner of such goods and chattels (after deducting the reasonable charges of such warrant, and of such distress and sale) when demanded; and, in case sufficient distress cannot be found, then the mayor of the said town, for the time being, or any two of the said justices shall and may, by virtue of this act, commit every such offender to the house of correction within the said town, there to remain and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, or until he or she shall pay the sum

The clauses for paring the streets are confirmed by Geo. III. c. 74. s. 30, and see 50 Oo. lit. c. 41. s. 121. post.

V This Section is eirtoally repealed by 2 Geo. III. c. 70. s. 9. post

79

28 Geo. II. c. 27.

Distrcn for Nonpayment.

Recited tlut Occupiers of Houses used to clean the Streets.

Occupiers of Houses neglect, ing to clean the Streets after Notice,

Justices to appoint Persons to clean the same.

Charge to be paid by such occupiers.

Distress for Nonpayment.

If no Distrew to be found. Occupier to bu committed.

L.

Alterations in Pavement. [Part III.

28 Geo. II. c. 27.

Persons deemed Occupiers of public Buildings, to clean the Streets contiguous thereto;

And in Default

subject to a Distress for Nonpayment of the persons em. ployed.

Proviso, touching such Parts of the Town, as are to be paved and cleansed by the Cor. poration.

No Alteration to be made in the Form or Pavement of the Streets, without Consent of the Mayor.

Penalty.

Alteration if not approved by the Mayor and Aldermen in Common-council,

To be reformed by the Persons making the same.

or sums of money, by such warrant directed to be paid by him or her as aforesaid.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the respective churchwardens of the said several parish churches, and the respective treasurers and trustees of and for the several chapels, meeting-houses, and hospitals aforesaid, for the time being, and every of them, shall bs respectively deemed occupiers of the said respective churches, chapels, meetinghouses and hospitals, for the purpose of cleaning the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in, or contiguous to which, the said churches and church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals, and the grounds thereto respectively belonging, are situate or being; and shall be respectively liable to clean so much of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys as lies contiguous to, and fronting and betwixt the said respective churches, chapels, meetinghouses and hospitals, and the grounds thereunto respectively belonging, and the middle of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, and to a distress, in manner as aforesaid, for such sum and sums of money as the said mayor, or two justices shall assess, and direct to be paid by them respectively to the person or persons who shall be appointed to clean the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys as aforesaid, in case of their neglecting respectively to clean the same, within two days after public notice given as aforesaid, and to pay and satisfy such person or persons for his or their trouble is cleaning the same as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the street called the market-place, the fish-shambles, that part of the butchery or street which lies under the town's hall, and the front of the said fish-shambles to the middle of the said street, all the common staiths and breast-work thereof, next the haven, the gateways of Myton, Beverley and North-gates, and the way from the said North-gates, over the arched bridge over the outward moat, to the south-west corner of Master Bladyes's ship-yard, all the lane ends and trunks over the cross gutters at the lane ends, and all the grates and grate heads, and frames thereof, and all the common sewers arched, under the pavements in the said town and all such other places within the said town, as have usually been paved and cleansed by the said mayor and burgesses, shall be paved, repaired, swept, cleansed, provided and made good, and the way leading from Beverley Gate and Myton Gate, to the far side of the bridge over the outward moat, shall be swept and cleansed, at the sole costs and charges of the mayor and burgesses of the said town, out of their public stock, from time to time, from henceforth and at such times, and so often as the mayor and aldermen of the said town, for the time being, or the major part of them shall think fit; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall make, or cause to be made, any alteration in the form or pavement of the streets, squares, lanes, or alleys, in the said town, or of any part of them, or any of them, or any incroachment therein, without the consent and approbation of the mayor for the time being, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of ten shillings, to be levied, recovered and disposed of, as hereinafter is mentioned: and if any such alteration or incroachment shall be made in any part of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or any of them, with or without the consent and approbation of the mayor for the time being, and such alteration or incroachment shall not be allowed of and confirmed, by the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or the major part of them, when in common council assembled, next after notice shall be given them of such alteration or incroachment, the person or persons making or causing the same to be made, shall, at his, her, or their own costs and charges, within fourteen days next after notice shall be given him, her, or them, of such disallowance of the said alteration or incroachment by the said mayor and aldermen, reform, or take away the same, and put such part of the street, square, lane, or alley where the same shall have been made, in the same form and condition, it was before the making of the said alteration or incroachment; and in case of his, her, or their neglect or refusal so to do within such time, as aforesaid, then the

Thi* Section is virtnally repealed by Geo. III. c. 74. ». 16. post.

+ This Section it confirmed and extended by *2 Geo. 111. c. 70. s. 12. and Geo. III. c. 74. S. 15. See also 50 Geo. III. c. 41. a. 77. post.

Nuisances and Annoyances,

81

mayor, or any two of the aldermen of the said town, for the time beings shall and may order any proper workman or workmen to reform the same alteration or incroachment, and put the said part of the said street, square, lane or alley, in the same form and condition it was before, and by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of the said mayor, or the said two aldermen, levy such costs and expences for so doing, as shall be by him or them judged reasonable, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons who made or caused to be made such alteration or incroachment, together with the charges of such warrant, distress and sale, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner of such goods and chattels when demanded.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall prevent or binder any person or persons from having or taking any other legal remedy against any person or persons for any incroachment, that is or shall be made within the said town.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall hereafter throw, cast, set or lay, or cause, or permit or suffer, to be thrown, cast, set or laid, any coal-ashes, wood-ashes, rubbish, dust, timber, dung, filth, lime, tubs, casks or goods of any kind, into any open street, square, lane, alley or public passage or place within the said town, before or against his, her or their dwelling-house or houses, buildings, stables or walls, or the dwelling-house or houses, buildings, stables or walls, in his, her, or their own occupation, and shall not take or carry away the same, or cause the same to be taken or carried away on the same day, before it shall be dark, or shall throw, cast, set or lay any coal-ashes, wood-ashes, rubbish, dust, timber, dung, filth, tubs, lime, casks or goods of any kind, before or against any house or houses, buildings, stables or walls, of any other person or persons, or before or against any church or churchyard, or oilier public place or building within the said town, or shall make up any lime in any of the public streets, squares, lanes or alleys thereof; every such person, offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon his or her own confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the mayor, or any one or more of the justices of and for the said town (which oath the said mayor, and every of the said justices, are hereby empowered to administer) or upon view of the said mayor, or of any such justice or justices, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sura of five shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied as hereinafter is directed. *

XXVI. Provided always, That uo person shall be subject to the said last mentioned penalty of five shillings, for any rubbish or dirt being thrown, or lying in the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or any of them, before the house or tenement of such person, occasioned by the pulling down, building, rebuilding or repairing of any such house or tenement; so as there be a convenient passage left in the same street, square, lane or alley, where such rubbish or dirt shall lie, for coaches, carts and carriages, and kept clean for foot passengers, by the person laying, or occasioning such dirt or rubbish to be so laid; and so as the owner or owners of such house or tenement, before which such rubbish shall lie, shall cause the same to be removed out of the said street, square, lane or alley, at his or their own costs and charges, within a reasonable time, or upon notice to be given to him or them for that purpose, by the mayor for the time being, or any other justice of the peace of and for the said town; and so as whilst the same shall be lying in the said street, square, lane or alley, such owner or owners shall set up and maintain a sufficient light upon or against the same every night, from the time it becomes dark, to prevent any mischief to passengers, which might otherwise be occasioned thereby.

XXVII. And whereas the streets and lanes of the said town are, in general, very narrow, and frequently obstructed by carts, waggons, trucks and other wheel carriages, standing or remaining in the same longer than is necessary; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no cart, waggon, truck or other wheel carriage, with or without horses or other cattle, shall be permitted to remain in any of the public streets, squares, lanes or passages in the said town, longer than is or shall be necessary for loading or

This Section if confirmed by Geo !H. e. 74. s. 8. See also 30 Geo. 111. c. 41 a 75 and 78, poet.

t See 50 Geo. 111. t. 41. 70 and 89, poet.

I

28 Geo. II. c. 27.

Charges to l»e levied by Distress upon the Persons neglecting to reform auch Alteration.

Proviso.

Clause to prevent

the laying of Dirt, or other Annoyance, in tb« directs.

Penalty for offending.

Proviso touching Rubbish *, occasioned by build, ing or repairing Houses.

Clause to prevent Obstruct tons by Carriages.

Annoyances, Lamps. [Part HI.

28 Geo. IF. c. 27.

Pen.ilty for offending.

Clause, to retfrnhi

ll'*' Number of Horn1* tlravf ing Oarri:tLrt'«>(in the »ul Town,

And the 1 trend th of the XV heel *, and Manner of their being bound.

Penalty for

offending against then Provisions.

Recital that there are no public Lamps, but that many Inhabitants intend to set up and maintain lamps.

Property of such I^ampe vested in the Owners.

unloading1 the same respectively; and that no hackney coach shall be permitted to stand, or remain in any of the said public streets, squares, lanes or passages, unless whilst in waiting for any person or persons, who hath or have sent for or hired the same: and if any person making or occasioning any such annoyance or obstruction as aforesaid, upon notice given by the said mayor, or any of the said justices, to remove the same, shall neglect or refuse so to do within the time limited and directed by such notice; or if any person or persons shall pass in or through the said town with any waggon, cart, truck or other wheel carriage, used for the carriage of goods, wares and merchandizes, and drawn by one or more horse or horses, or other cattle, without leading the same on foot, or shall lead or drive them in or through the said town, or any of the streets, squares, lanes, or passages thereof, faster than a foot pace, to the annoyance of any of the inhabitants or others, being in, or passing along the said streets, squares, lanes or passages or any of them; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, either upon his or her own confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of the justices of the peace of the said town and county of the same (which oath the said justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer) or upon view of any of the said justices, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five shillings, to be recovered, levied and applied as hereinafter is mentioned. *

XXVIII. And, for the better preserving and keeping of the pavements of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town in good condition and repair, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, no waggon, cart, car, truck or other wheel carriage, to be used for the carriage of any goods, wares or merchandizes, from any one part or place of the said town to any other part or place within the same town, or for the bringing of any goods, wares or merchandizes, or other things whatsoever (except corn in the straw, hay or straw) to the said town, from any place within two miles distance thereof, or for carrying away any goods, wares or merchandizes, or other things whatsoever (except as aforesaid) from the said town, to any place within the same distance, shall be drawn with above the number of three horses or other cattle; nor shall the wheels of any such carriage be of less breadth in the fellies than nine inches, or be bound or shod with iron, unless shod or bound in such manner as the mayor and aldermen of the said town, for the time being, or the major part of them shall, from time to time, direct or allow of: and if any waggon, cart, car, truck or other wheel carriage, used as aforesaid, shall be drawn with more than three horses, or other cattle as aforesaid, or shall have the wheels of leas breadth than nine inches as aforesaid, or bound or shod with iron in other manner than as aforesaid, the owner of such carriage, being convicted of such offence, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of the justices of the peace for the said towu, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and for the second offence the sum of twenty shillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of thirty shillings; to be recovered, levied and applied as hereinafter is directed.f

XXIX. And whereas there are no public lights in the said town, to enlighten the streets, squares, lanes or alleys thereof in the night time, but many of the principal inhabitants in the said town do propose to set up and maintain lamps against their own houses, or against other parts or places in the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, and to light such lamps in the night time, so as the property thereof may be secured to themselves, and sufficient provision be made to prevent the same, and the posts, irons, and other furniture thereof, from being broken or destroyed, and the lights from being extinguished; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, who shall at any time or times hereafter, at his, her or their own costs and charges, set up or fix any lamp or lamps in any of the streets, squares, lanes or alleys of the said town, or

Thb Section i» confirmed by Geo. III. c. 74. s. 29. snd extended sad enlarged by 60 Geo. HI. c. 41*. 86, port.

+ See 23 Geo. III. c. S3, t. 50, post

t The public lamps were tested in the mayor and bitrgewes by 2 Geo. III c, 70, s. 15, md'Srenow rested in the churchwarden* by Geo. Itl.c, 74, *. 31, post

Class I.] Lamps.

liberties thereof, before or against his, her or their house or houses, tenements or walls, or against, or in any other parts or places of such streets, squares, lanes or alleys, shall be deemed the rightful owner or owners of the lamp or lamps, so by him, her or them, respectively set up as aforesaid, and of all the posts, irons and furniture, to such lamps respectively belonging, to all intents and purposes; and that, if any person or persons shall wilfully and maliciously takeaway, break, or throw down, or otherwise damage any such lamp or lamps, or the posts, irons, or other furniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said lamps when lighted, every person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of the justices of the peace of and for the said town and county of the same, or upon confession of the party accused, or upon the view of any one or more of the said justices, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of five shillings for each lamp so taken away, thrown down, broken, damaged or extinguished as aforesaid, and, for the second offence, the sum of ten shillings, and, for the third and every other offence, the sum of fifteen shillings; and shall likewise, for every such offence, make full satisfaction to the person or persons who shall be injured thereby: or, in case any person or persons shall carelessly, negligently or accidently break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said lamps, so to be set up or fixed as aforesaid, or the irons, posts, or other furniture thereof, or extinguish the light thereof, and shall not immediately, upon demand, make satisfaction to the owner or owners thereof, for the damage which he, she or they shall sustain thereby, then, and in every such case it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said justices, upon complaint to him or them made by the person or persons so injured, to summon before such justice or justices the person or persons who shall be complained of for doing such damage as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the allegations and proofs of both parties, or nonappearance of the person or persons complained of, to award such sum or sums of money, by way of satisfaction for such damage, as such justice or justices shall think reasonable: and, in case of refusal or neglect to pay any of the sums of money so awarded, within three days after demanded, to cause the same, by warrant under the band and seal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons who shall so have done such damage; rendering to him, her, or them the overplus, if any shall be, after deducting the costs and cliatges of such warrant, and of such distress and sale when demanded; and in case no sufficient distress can be found, such justice or justices shall and may, by like warrant, commit the person or persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the sum or sums, so to be awarded as aforesaid, to the house of correction, there to remain until he, she or they shall make such satisfaction as aforesaid, to the party injured, or for any time, not exceeding the space of one calendar month. *

XXX. Provided always, That if any such lamp or lamps, or the posts, irons, or furniture thereof, shall be so fixed or set up, as to be deemed a public inconvenience or nuisance by the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or the major part of them, then the fixing of the same shall be altered and regulated as they shall approve of, at the charges of the owner of such lamp or lamps, or the same shall be taken down.f

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed and incurred, for the recovery whereof no other provision is by this act made, shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of the mayor of the said town for the time being, or of any one or more of the other justices of the peace of and for the said town and county thereof, which warrant or warrants the said mayor and justices are hereby respectively empowered and required to issue, upon conviction of the offender as aforesaid; and the overplus, if any be, shall when demanded, be returned to the party whose goods or chattels shall be so distrained, the charges of such distress and sale, and warrant for the same, being first deducted: and in case no sufficient distress of the goods or chattels of any such offender can be found, at the issuing of any

Then penalties are confirmed and extended by 2 Geo. III. e. 70, «. 15; 4 Geo. III. e. 74. *. 31, and 50 Geo. 111. c. 41, a. 53 and 54, poet.

t lee Geo. 111. c. 74, a. 3*2, peat.

83

28 Geo. II. c. 27.

Penalty upon Persons wilfully breaking or extinguishing them.

If damaged by

Accident, Satisfaction to be made to the Owner*;

And to be levied by Distress, for Nonpayment.

If no Distress to be found. Party to be committed.

Lampa to be removed, if deemed a Nuisance.

Penalties to be recovered by Distress.

84

Cleaning and lighting Streets. [Part III.

2 Geo. in. . c. 70.

If uo Distress to

he found, Offenderr to be committed. Application of the Penalties.

Penalties may be mitigated.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs. Public Act.

* uch warrant or warrants of distress as aforesaid, then and in such case

it shall be lawful for the mayor, or justice or justices of the peiace, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit him, her, or them, to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, or until such pecuniary penalty or forfeiture shall be paid.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered or levied by virtue of this act, and not herein otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be paid and applied in manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and prosecute for the same, and the other moiety thereof shall be paid to the treasurer or treasurers for the time being of the said corporation of the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians of the poor in the said town, to be applied towards the maintenance of the poor under the care of the same corporation, and in ease of the assessments for that purpose.

XXXIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor and justices of the peace for the time being, or any two of them, from time to time, where they shall see cause to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the pecuniary penalties or forfeitures aforesaid, as they, in their discretion shall think fit, so as such mitigation, or composition do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalty or forfeiture inflicted and directed to be levied by this act; and every such mitigation or composition shall be a sufficient discharge to the persons offending respectively, for so much of the said penalty or forfeiture, as shall be so mitigated, lessened or remitted; and the informer's share thereof shall be abated in proportion.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any matter or thing done in pursuance of this act, in every such case the action or suit shall be brought within three months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the town or county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or in the county of York, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this act, or that such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or place, than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs of suit, and have like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this act shall be taken and allowed, in all courts of justice within this kingdom, as a public act; and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

2 Geo. III. Cap. 70. 1761.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made fur cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston-upon-llull, and for preventing annoyances therein.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament passed in the twenty-eighth year of Preamble. the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled," An Act

for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the

There was only one set, the 28 Geo. III, c, 27. page 77, sate.

Cleaning and Lighting Streets.

85

town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes, and alleys in the said town, and preventing obstructions therein; and for preserving the lamps which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners it was amongst other things enacted, That from and after the first day of May, 1755, if the occupier of any house or houses, lands or tenements, within the said town and liberties thereof, therein called Trippet, should refuse or neglect to clean so much of the streets, squares, lanes or alleys, within the said town and liberties, as did or should lie contiguous to, fronting, and between his or her said house or houses, lands or tenements respectively, and the middle of any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys; or to carry off the filth, dirt and soil thereof, for the space of two days next after public notice should be given, by order of the mayor of the said town, by the public bellman thereof, for the inhabitants or occupiers of houses, lands or tenements within the said town, to make clean the streets, squares, lanes and alleys then made, or thereafter to be made, before their respective houses, lands and tenements; then, and in every such case, it should be lawful for any person or persons, to be for that purpose appointed by the justices of peace of and for the said town and county of the same town, at any of their quarter sessions to be held for the said town and county thereof, to clean and carry off the filth, dirt and soil, from so much of every of the said streets, squares, lanes, or alleys, as every such occupiers should refuse or neglect to make clean, or carry of the filth, dirt, and soil from as aforesaid: and if any such occupier should refuse, after demand made, to satisfy such person or persons to be appointed as aforesaid, for his or their trouble and charge in cleaning and carrying off the dirt, filth and soil fromsueh part or parts of any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, as such occupier should have neglected to clean or carry the dirt from as aforesaid; then such person or persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, should and might, by warrant under the band and seal of the mayor of the said town for the time being, or under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace of and for the said town and county of the same, levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, such sum or sums of money as the said mayor or the said two justices should assess and direct in such warrant to be paid to such person or persons for his or their trouble as aforesaid.

II. And whereas, in and by another part of the said recited act, provision was made for preserving the lamps, and the posts, irons, and other furniture thereof, then proposed to be set up and maintained by many of the principal inhabitants of the said town, for enlightening the streets, squares, lanes and alleys thereof; but no provision being made in the said act for setting up, maintaining, and lighting any lamps in the said town at the public expence, the method then proposed of enlightening the said town at the private expence of particular inhabitants therein hath proved ineffectual, and the means prescribed by the above mentioned act for cleaning the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town, have proved inconvenient, and also ineffectual for the purposes intended, by reason of the number of empty houses therein; and it is deemed necessary that one or more assessment or assessments should be laid on the occupiers of houses, lands and tenements in the said town, for defraying the expences of one or more public scavenger or scavengers, to be appointed for cleaning the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys; and of some proper person or persons to be appointed for setting up, maintaining and lighting, in the night time, a sufficient number of lamps therein, in such places as shall be thought necessary and proper.

III. May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the mayor and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, or the major part of them, within one month next after the twenty-fourth day of June in every year, shall by writing under their hands, nominate and appoint one or more inhabitant or inhabitants within the said

2 Geo. III. c. 70.

Recital of former Acta a* to cleaning the Streets,

And for nrenerr. ing the Lamps.

For tnakiag Rates.

' Tbit Section is virtually repealed by Geo. III. c. 74, s. 4 iad ft, post

86

Cleaning and Lighting Streets. [Part III.

2 Geo. IIL c. 70.

Not to exceed Eightpencein the Pound.

not paid may be levied.

For appointing Collectors.

Persons refusing to serve, to for feit Five Pounds

Allowing an Appeal against tbs Rates.

Persons quitting their Houses, to pay only for the Time they continued in them, and next Occupiers to pay the Remainder.

town, to make and settle; and such persons so to be nominated, are hereby required, within two months after notice of such nomination, to make and settle one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, according to a pound rate upon the several inhabitants and occupiers of houses and tenements within the said town and liberties thereof, of the yearly rent or value of three pounds and upwards, for raising such sum or sums of money as the said mayor and aldermen shall think necessary, and by such writing direct, not exceeding in any one year eightpence in the pound, according to such valuation as the said houses or tenements are or shall be in the same year, or last were assessed to the public land-tax; which rate or rates, assessment or assessments, when made, shall be brought unto the mayor of the said town for the time being, and be allowed and confirmed by him and two or more of the justices of the peace of and for the said town, or by any four or more of the said justices without the mayor; and after the rate or rates, or assessments, are so made, allowed and confirmed, the said mayor and two or more of the said justices for the time being, or any four or more of the said justices, without the mayor, shall have power, and are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be levied, and by writing under their hands, to appoint one or more collector or collectors, for collecting the same by half-yearly or quarterly payments, as the said mayor and aldermen, or major part of them shall think proper: and if any person or persons so to be appointed an assessor or assessors, collector or collectors as aforesaid, shall wilfully and obstinately, after notice of such their appointment, refuse or neglect to assess or collect such rate or rates, or assessments, as aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of five pounds: and in case any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the rate or assessment upon him, her, or them respectively to be assessed as aforesaid, by the space of ten days next after demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collector or collectors, or any of them, by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor, or under the hands and seals of any other two justices of and for the said town and county, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons; rendering to him, her, or them, the overplus, if any be, after the necessary charges of taking and selling such distress shall be deducted: provided always, That no assessor or collector shall serve in the said office for more than one year.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any sum or sums of money to be charged upon him, her, or them, by any such rate or assessment as aforesaid, such person or persons so aggrieved may appeal to the first quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said town and county next after the same shall be demanded, provided he, she, or they give notice to the person or persons demanding the same of his, her, or their intended appeal, within ten days after such demand; and the justices present at such quarter sessions are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the matter of such appeal.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any person who shall be assessed pursuant to this act, shall remove from, or quit any messuage or tenement before the rate assessed on him ot her, in respect of such messuage or tenement, or any part thereof, shall become due and payable, and where any other person or persons shall come into and occupy the same messuage or tenement from which the other so removed, then, and in every such case, every such occupier shall be liable to pay his or her proportion of the said rate, or part of the said rate, when the same shall become due and payable, according to the time he or she shall have occupied the said messuage or tenement: and every person coming into or occupying any messuage or tenement, which was empty or unoccupied at the time of any general rate or assessment laid, shall be assessed, and pay a proportionable rate for the same messuage or tenement from the time of such his entry thereinto; and all such proportions shall be settled and ascertained, in case of any dispute, by the mayor of the said town for the time being, and be levied and recovered in manner as aforesaid. *

# This Section is re.enacted, see Geo. HI. c. 74. s. SI.past

87

Class I.] Cleaning and Lighting Streets.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge the inhabitants or occupiers of any houses or tenements situate in such places and parts of the said town or county, which are by law directed to be swept and cleansed at the costs and charges of the mayor and burgesses of the said town, out of their common stock, with the payment of any greater share or proportion of the said rates or assessments, than by the said mayor and aldermen, or the major part of them, in any common council assembled, shall be adjudged a just proportion for the expence of putting this act in execution, with respect to the providing, lighting, and maintaining lamps within the said town and liberties thereof.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That no person or persons who shall be charged with, or pay any rate or assessment for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, or who shall be employed as scavenger, raker or cleanser, or as keeper or lighter of any lamps, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall gain, or thereby be deemed or construed to gain, any settlement in any parish or place within the said town.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That such sum and sums of money as shall be raised, levied or collected, upon or by the rates cr assessments aforesaid, shall be paid and applied according to the orders and directions of the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or major part of them, for and towards the payment of the wages of the scavenger or scavengers to be appointed as hereafter mentioned, for sweeping, cleaning, and carrying away the dirt off and from the streets, squares, lanes and alleys, within the said town and liberties thereof, other than such streets and places as are to be swept and cleansed at the particular charge of the mayor and burgesses out of their public stock, as hereafter mentioned; and for and towards defraying the expences of buying lamps, and other charges necessarily attending the setting up, lighting, maintaining, and supplying the same with proper materials for lighting and keeping them in constant repair; and shall be accounted for accordingly by the collector or collectors thereof for the time being, to such person or persons as the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or major part of them, in common council assembled, shall order and direct: and such collector and collectors, and all and every person and persons who shall collect or receive any money by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid, shall, from time to time, and as often as the mayor and aldermen for the time being, or major part of them, assembled as aforesaid, shall require, make and render to them, or unto such person or persons as they shall appoint a true and perfect account upon oath; which said oath may be taken in writing, without any stamp thereupon, before the mayor, or any other justice of the peace of or for the said town and county, who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same, of all such sums of money by such person or persons collected or received, or which shall have been rated or assessed as aforesaid, and not received, and all other matters and things committed to his or their charge; and pay and deliver unto such person or persons as the said mayor and aldermen for the time being, or major part of them, shall direct and appoint, all and every such sum and sums of money as shall be or remain in his or their hands at the time of such account: and if such collector or collectors, or other person or persons who shall receive any money as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay such money being or remaining in his hands, as aforesaid, accordingly, the mayor, or any two justices of the peace of and for the said town and county, shall and may, by warrant under his or their hands and seals, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such collector or collectors, or person receiving as aforesaid, rendering the overplus to the owner, if any be, after the charges of such distress and sale are deducted, if the same is demanded: and in case a sufficient distress cannot be found, then the mayor of the said town, and any two or more of the justices of the peace of and for the said town and county, shall and may, by authority of this act, by warrant under their hands and seals, commit such collector or collectors, or person

This Section i* expressly repealed by Geo. III. c. 74. §. 24, post.

+ Tim Section is virtually repealed by Geo. III. c. 74. s. 12, post.

2 Geo. III. c. 70.

Inhabitants of Places which are to be cleansed by the Corporation to pay only in Proportion for Lighting.

No Person to gain a Settlement by paying the Rate, or bting employed under the Act.

Application of the Money.

Collector! to account upon Oath.

On Raftual, to be committed.

2 Geo. III. c. 70.

For appointing Scavenger*.

And paying them.

Method prescribed for clt-wising the Streets.

Scavengers not to lie obliged to carry away Dung, &c. out of Houses or Buildings.

Persons bringing out the same to beat the expence of carrying it away.

Scavengers. [Part 111.

or persons so refusing or neglecting to account and pay as aforesaid, to the common gaol of the said town, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account, and paid so much as upon the said account shall appear to be or be remaining in his or their hands, to such person or persons as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or the major part of them, in common council assembled, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such person or persons as they shall think fit, to be public scavenger or scavengers for the said town and liberties thereof, for sweeping, cleansing, and carrying away from off the streets, squares, lanes and alleys, within the said town and liberties thereof, (other than as aforesaid) the dirt, dust, filth, and soil thereof, at such times and in such manner as hereafter mentioned; and to contract with such scavenger or scavengers for the same, and for providing such a number of servants or men, carts and carriages, as shall be deemed requisite and necessary for those purposes; and to order and direct on what days, or at what times in each and every week, the particular streets, squares, lanes and alleys in each ward within the said town and liberties thereof, shall be so swept and cleansed, and the dust, dirt, filth and soil, be carried off from; and also to order and direct what proportion or proportions of the money to be raised by such assessment or assessments as aforesaid, and at what time or times shall be paid, and by whom, to such scavenger or scavengers, for his or their trouble, charge, and expences, in and about the matters aforesaid; and to make such rules, orders, and directions (not inconsistent with any thing in this act contained) to be observed and kept by such scavenger or scavengers from time to timp, and with and under such reasonable penalties and forfeitures, as they shall think fit.

X. f And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the scavenger or scavengers to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, from and after the first day of August in the said year 17C2, once in every week sweep and cleanse, and carry away the dirt, dust, filth and soil, from all and every the streets, squares, lanes and alleys, within the said town and liberties thereof (other than as aforesaid,) observing the orders and directions of the said mayor and aldermen, or major part of them, with regard to the days on which the streets in each ward are to be swept and cleansed as aforesaid; and provide and bring such number of shovels, besoms, and other materials, carts, carriages, servants and men for those purposes, as shall be sufficient, or as by the said mayor and aldermen, or major part of them, shall be directed or agreed upon; and on the same day carry away all the dust, dirt, filth and soil, so to be swept and taken from off the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, to some proper place out of the said town: and in case the said scavenger or scavengers shall at any time or times from and after the said first day of August last mentioned, and during his or their continuance in such office, omit or neglect well and sufficiently to sweep or cleanse any of the streets, squares, lanes or alleys or any part of them, on the days the same shall be appointed to be swept as aforesaid, then the said scavenger or scavengers shall, for every such neglect or omission, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be levied, recovered and applied as pecuniary forfeitures are by the said recited act directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

XI. J Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said scavenger or scavengers shall not be obliged to take or carry away any dung, ashes, filth, rubbish, dust or dirt, to be brought out of any house, stable, yard, garth or backside of any of the inhabitants in the said town, and laid in the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or any i f them; but that every person who shall throw, cast, set, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, 6et or laid, any dung, ashes, filth, rubbish, dust or dirt, into any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, within the said town or liberties thereof, before the houses, buildings, stables or walls, in his or their own occupation, or in the occupation of any other person or persons, and shall not take or carry away the

Thin Section is virtually repealed by Geo. 111. c. 74. s. 11 and 12, post.

+ This Section is virtually repealed by Geo. HI. c. 74 s, 11, post,

i See 4 Geo. III. e. 74. s. 29, post.

2 Geo. m. c. 70.

Class I.] Lamps and Scavengers.

tame, or cause the same to be taken or carried away, at his or their own particular expence, on the same day before it shall be dark, shall be liable to the penalty inflicted in such case by the said recited act, and be liable to be prosecuted for a nuisance for all such time after, as he or they shall permit such dung, ashes, filth, rubbish, dust or dirt, or any part thereof, to remain or continue to lie in any of the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys; save as in the said recited act is provided with respect to rubbish occasioned by pulling down, building, rebuilding, or repairing any house or tenement; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the street called the Market-Place, and all other places and things in the said recited act particularly mentioned to have been usually cleansed by the mayor and burgesses of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall from henceforth be swept and cleansed at the sole costs and charges of the mayor and burgesses of the said town once a week at least, and at such other times, and so often a the mayor of the said town for the time being shall think fit and necessary; and no part of the assessments to be laid and collected as aforesaid shall be applied for the sweeping or cleansing the same, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. *

XIII. f And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, or the major part of them, when in common council assembled, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to order and direct what number of lamps, and of what sorts, shall be from time to time provided and set up in the said town and liberties thereof, for enlightening the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, and in what place or places, and against what houses or walls therein the same shall be fixed, or where the same shall be placed, and from and to what time or times in each year the same shall be and continue lighted, and to and from what time in each night; and also to nominate and appoint, from time to time, or contract with one or more proper person or persons, to find and provide such number of lamps as aforesaid, and all proper materials for setting up, fixing, and enlightening the same; and to fix and light the same from time to time, according *to such orders and directions as aforesaid; and to order and direct what proportion or proportions of the money to be raised by such assessment or assessments as aforesaid shall be from time to time, and by and to whom paid and applied, towards defraying the charges of providing, fixing, and lighting the said lamps.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the money to be assessed and collected in any one year, by virtue of this act, shall not be sutheieut to answer the purposes for which the same were so assessed and collected, such deficiency shall be supplied by the assessment for the next ensuing year: and in case, at the end of any one year, and the closing the accounts of the said year, any surplus of the money to be raised for that year by such assessment or assessments to be made by virtue, and under the authority of this act, shall remain over and above what shall have been issued and applied for the purposes of the same act, such surplus shall, from time to time, as the same shall happen and arise, be paid and applied in aid of the succeeding year's expence, for the purposes before mentioned.

XV. J And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the lamps, posts, irons, and furniture thereof, provided pursuant to the said recited act, and now vested in the mayor and burgesses of the said town, hall he* applied, as far as they will go, for the purposes of this act; and that the property of all the lamps, and furniture thereof, which shall be bought pursuant thereto, shall be also vested in the said mayor and burgesses; and that the penalties^ and forfeitures inflicted by the said recited ct, for wilfully or otherwise taking away, breaking, throwing down, damaging, or extinguishing the lamps to be set up, as therein mentioned, and the posts, irons and furniture belonging thereto, shall be extended to, and inflicted on, such persons who shall in like manner take away, break,

This Section Is re-enacted by Geo. III. c. 74. s. 15, post,

4 This Section is virtually repealed by Geo. 111. c. 74, s. 10, cost.

The I^unps, Bio. are vested in the churchwardens by Geo. 111. c. 74. s 31, poet.

For these penalties see '29 Geo. 11. c, 27, . 29, page 83, ante.

If

Places nsnally cleansed by Mayor, Ac. to continue so and shall be clear.ted once a week at least.

Directions con. cerning letting up Lamps, and supporting them.

I

TVfiriene i*e or Overplus in Hates to lie m-:de go* "d by, <*r carried in A t I or, future Rates.

Lamps, kt.

vested in the Mayor, B*c.

90

2 Geo. HI. c. 70.

Nothin? in this Art to nffiect the Provisions in the former Act relHtinv to the 1W.

I.imitation of Actions.

Defendant may tender Amends.

General Issue.

Lamps and Scavengers. [Part 111.

throw down, damage or extinguish any of the lamps to be set up pursuant to this act, or of the posts, irons and furniture thereof, and shall be levied, recovered, mitigated, and applied, in such manner as the like penalties and forfeitures are in and by the said recited act directed to be levied, recovered, mitigated and applied. *

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any thing herein contained shall not be construed, deemed or taken to repeal, alter, prejudice or make void any of the clauses, powers, provisoes, directions and authorities, made, given or contained, in and by the said recited act, relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or to the better paving and preserving the pavements of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys therein, oi preventing obstructions therein; but all such clauses, powers, provisoes, directions and authorities, shall remain, continue, and be in force, as if this act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatsoever, for any matter or thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, until notice in writing of such intended action or suit shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the party intending to commence such action or suit, or his or her attorney or agent, at least one calendar mouth before such action or suit shall be commenced; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action, which such person bath, or claimeth to have, against such person or persons; and ou the back of which notice shall be indorsed the name of such plaintiff, his attorney or agent; and that no such plaintiffs shall recover in any such case, where the action shall be grounded on any act or acts of any defendant or defendants, done in pursuance of this act, unless it be proved, upon trial to be had thereupon, that such notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof, such defendant or defendants shall recover a verdict, together with his or their full costs of suit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such defendant or defendants, within one calendar month next after such notice given as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complaining or to his or her agent or attorney; and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court: and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants: and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his or her action, or in case judgment shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, such defendant or defendants shall be intitled to the like costs as he or they would have been intitled to, in case he or they had pleaded the general issue only: and if upon issue joined, the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants, or such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, which he shall recover, together with his or her costs of suit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plaintiff, on the trial of any such action as aforesaid of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done in pursuance of this act, in every such case the action or suit shall be brought within six months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the town or county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or in the county of York, and not elsewhere: and tbo defendant or defendants in such action or suit, shall and may plead tbo general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon: and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this act, or that such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or

This Section, u to the penalties, is extended and enlarged by 50 Geo. III. c. 41, s. 5) and 54, post.

Class I, ] Lamps and Scavengers. 91

place then as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or Geo. III.

defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaiutifF or plaintiffs shall be 7.

nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant *

or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs of suit, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXi. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this act shall Public Act be taken and allowed in all courts of justice in this kingdom, as a public act: and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

4 Geo. III. Cap. 74. 1763.

An Act for amending and supplying the deficiencies of an Act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to amend and " render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and " enlightening the streets of the town of Kingston-upon-llull;

and for preventing annoyances therein."

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the second y<\irofflu* Pre*mMp. reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to "arneud and render more effectual several acts made for cleansing and " enlightening the streets of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein," it was (amongst other tilings) enacted. That the mayor and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the. Redial of 2nd time being, or the major part of them, within one month next after the Geo. 111. c. 7u. twenty-fourth day of June in every year should, by writing under their bands, nominate and appoint one or more inhabitant or inhabitants within the said town to make and settle, and such persons so to be nominated were thereby required, within two months next after notice of such nomination, to make or settle one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, according to a pound rate, upon the several inhabitants and occupiers of houses and tenements within ttie said town and liberties thereof, of the yearly reut or value of three pounds and upwards, for rafting such sum and sums of money as the said mayor and aldermen should think necessary, and by such writing direct, not exceeding, in ary one year, eightpence in the pound, according to such valuation as the said houses or tenement* were or should be in the same jear, or last were assessed to the public land tax. to be allowed and confirmed, collected, levied, and raised by such per* son and persons, and in such manner, and with and under such penalties and provisoes as in the said act are directed, expressed, and contained: and ,

it is thereby enacted, That the money to be raised, levied, or collected upon or by the rates or assessments aforesaid should b*' paid arid applied according to the orders and directions of the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or the major part of them, for and towards th<* payment of the wages of the scavenger or scavenger* to be appointed h\ therein mentioned, for sweeping, cleaning, and carrying away the dirt o'F and from the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the said towm and liberties thereof, other than as therein is mentioned, and fur and towards defraying the expences of buying lamps, and other charges nioew.rily nt-tending the setting up, lighting, and supplying the same with proper materials ior lighting and keeping them in constant repair, and a.vouiHt d for by such person and persons, and in such manner, and under such nennl-ties, provisoes, conditions and restrictions as in the slid act ar- lia utt nird, expressed and contained.

2

Lamps and Scavengers. [Part HI *

4 Geo. III. c. 74.

That the pro. vision* of the tit) Act me inadequate,

And should be altered.

Rates and Aawasraenta

rhnrrhwarden* to give Notice.

II. And whereas since the passing of the said act, the mayor and alder *

men of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull have caused a calculation to be taken and made of the charges and expences of sweeping, cleansing, and keeping clean and enlightening the streets, lanes, squares and alleys in the said town and liberties thereof, according to the direction and intent of the said act, and of the amount of the sums of money which can be yearly raised by or upon such rates and assessments as they are thereby empowered to order to be made, levied, and collected, and have found that the same will be greatly deficient to answer the purposes aforesaid, by reason that many houses and tenements in the said town, of considerable yearly rent or value, are belonging to the hospital of the Trinity House in the said town, or appropriated to other charitable uses, and have never been assemed to the land tax, and that many other houses and tenements in the said town, of the yearly rent or value of three pounds and upwards apiece, lately built by or belonging to some one owner, and by him or her let to several tenants, have never been separately assessed to the land tax, but such owner hath always been assessed and paid the land tax for all his said houses together, so that the several tenants or occupiers of such houses, and of the houses and tenements belonging to the said hospital, and appro* priated to charitable uses as aforesaid, cannot be assessed for the same as by the said act is directed, although they will have equal benefit with the other inhabitants of the said town of the cleansing and enlightening the streets thereof; and further, by reason that the inhabitants of the houses in the market-place in the said town, which are numerous, and of very considerable yearly rents or value, are exempted by a proviso in the said act hereinafter mentioned and recited from being assessed towards the deans* ing the streets thereof.

III. And whereas for the reasons aforesaid, and by reason of the doubts and objections that have arisen and oeeu made by the occupiers of meadow and pasture ground lying within the liberties of the said town of Kingston* upon-Hull, and not adjoining to or occupied with any dwelling-house, touching and against their being chargeable with the said rates as they seem to be by the words of the said act, it is become necessary to make some alteration in the rates and assessments directed by the said act, and manner of laying the same, and to apply the money to arise therefrom to the purpose of sweeping, cleansing, and enlightening the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the walls and gates of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull only.

IV. May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That instead of the rates and assessments directed by the said act to be made, levied, and raised for the purposes therein mentioned, there shall be, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, annually raised within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, by assessments as hereinafter mentioned, such sum and sums of money as shall be sufficient for the purposes of lighting, sweeping and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the walls and gates of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at, from, and during such times and in such manner as hereinafter is mentioned and directed, so as the money to be raised in any one year for the purposes aforesaid shall not exceed the sum of eight-pence in the pound of the yearly rent or value of the houses, grounds and tenements to be charged with such assessments as hereinafter is expressed.

V. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the respective churchwardens for the time being of the several parish-churches of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall and they are hereby required on the Sunday next after the first day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and in every succeeding year, to give or cause to be given public notice in their said respective parish churches immediately after morning or evening service, for the several owners or occupiers of mes* uages, lands or tenements situate and being within the walls and gates of the said town, of the yearly rent or value of three pounds or upwards, to assemble and meet together on the Thursday next following every suck

Class I.] Lamps and Scavengers 93

notice, between the hours of eleven in the morning and two in the after* noon, in the vestry, or some other public place in the said church of the Holy Trinity, then and there to choose and nominate, in manner hereinafter mentioned, one or more person or persons who shall be an inhabitant or inhabitants and an householder or householders within the walls and gates of the said town, for each of the seven wards* within the same town (not exceeding three for each ward) to be assessor or assessors for the several wards for which they shall respectively be chosen and nominated for the purposes of executing the several powers and authorities by this act herein* miter given to and vested in them respectively for the year then next ensuing, and until others shall be chosen in their rooms; and that the churchwardens for the time being of the said several parish churches, or two or more of them, shall attend at the time and place aforesaid, pursuant to every such notice; and that such of them as shall so attend shall immediately proceed to an election of such assessors as aforesaid, and take the votes of the several persons qualified to vote as aforesaid iu manner following: that is to say, each person so qualified who shall appear between the said hours of eleven and two shall give in to the said churchwardens then present the name or names, or a note or list in writing under his or her hand, of one or more person or persons (not exceeding three) being an inhabitant or inhabitants, an householder or householders as aforesaid, to be an assessor or assessors for the ward in which such voter lives; and the said churchwardens or some of them, after they shall have taken the votes or lists of every person qualified as aforesaid, who shall so appear as aforesaid, and offer to vote, shall immediately proceed to cast up the numbers of votes for each person who shall be so voted for to be an assessor for each respective ward, and shall declare the person or persons (not exceeding three) who shall have the majority of votes of the inhabitants and householders aforesaid living in each respective ward, to be the assessor or assessors for that ward from the first day of August next ensuing for one whole year, and until another or others shall be chosen in his or their room or rooms; and in case there shall be an equality of votes for any one or more person or persons (not exceeding three) to be assessor or assessors for any of the said wards, then the first in rank of the churchwardens of the said church of the Holy Trinity, if present, or, if not, the other churchwarden of the same church, or in his absence the first in rank of the churchwardens of the said church of Saint Mary, shall have a casting vote, and determine and declare which person, or which of the persons so having an equality of votes, shall be assessor or assessors for that ward.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the said churchwardens of the said several parish churches, or such of them as shall be present at such election, shall, within six days after the day of the making thereof, by writing under their hands, to be delivered to or left at the dwelling-house of each person so chosen an assessor for any of the said wards, signify to every such person such his election, and require him to take upon him the said office of an assessor for the ward for which he shall be so chosen; and an entry shall be made in the parish books of each of the said parish churches, under the hands of the respective churchwardens, of the names of all the persons so chosen assessors as aforesaid, distinguishing the wards for which so chosen; and each of the persons so chosen an assessor for any of the said wards shall, on or before the first day of August then next ensuing, signify his acceptance of the said office, in writing undeT his band, in such book of that parish wherein he shall reside; and if any person so chosen an assessor shall neglect or refuse to accept of such office in manner as aforesaid, every person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the ram of five pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the said assessors, so to be chosen for each and every of the said wards, shall, on some day within one week next after the said first day of August, meet together in the vestry, or some other convenient place in the said church of the Holy Trinity, pursuant to notice to be given by the churchwardens of the same church on the Sunday next before such meeting, immediately after morning or evening service (which notice the said churchwardens, or

Set 50 Geo. 111. c. 41. s. 30, post.

Election of ASttttSOfl.

Notice to be

S'ven by the lurch vsrdeos to Aattseora.

to mtt\ Id vestry Room.

Lamps and Scavengers.

[Part HI '

4 Geo. III. c. 74.

And to *etile the Sums to be raised.

And deliver Ai"*o»n>«*ivs to 0«Ueitur».

For Appointment of A* swtrs Miid Col lecture in case of Death, aic

on* of them, is and are hereby required to give or cause to be given; and at the same meeting, or at some other subsequent meeting or meetings to be by them the said assessors held by adjournment, at the same or some other convenient place within the said town, within seven days after their first meeting (which adjournment or adjournment the major part of tl»em are hereby authorized and required to make) shall fix, settle, and determine what gross sum of money shall be requisite and necessary to be raised within the said town for the year next following the first day of August in the same year, for the purposes of enlightening, sweeping, cleansing, and carrying off the dirt from the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the walls and gates of the said town in manner as hereinafter is mentioned; and shall within the same seven days make and lay one general rate and assessment, in writing under all their hands, upon the occupiers of all the houses, tenements, and buildinzs within the walls and gates of the said town, having legal settlements therein, and on all public and private buildings within the said walls and gates, except the workhouse commonly called Charity-Hall, and churches, and chapels appropriated to public worship, meeting-houses and hospitals, which are or shall be of the yearly rent or value of three pounds* and upwards, by an equal pound rate, for raising such gross sum, so as the same shall not exceed in the whole the sum of eightpencein the pound of the yearly rent or value of the houses, tenements, and buildings aforesaid, distinguishing in such rate and assessment the respective wards in which such houses, buildings and tenements respectively lie; which rate and assessment, when so made in pursuance of this act, shall be signed and confirmed by two justic es of the peace of and for the said town; and being so signed, the assessor or assessors, to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid for each respective ward, shall take an extract from such general rate and assessment of so much thereof as concerns his or their particular ward, and shall have the receipt and management Of the money assessed upon the same ward, and, by writing under his or their hand or hands, shall, within one week next after such assessment laid and signed as aforesaid, nominate and appoint some proper person, who is or shall be an householder within the same ward, to be collector of the rates and assessments aforesaid upon the same ward for the same year; and such person being so nominated and appointed, is hereby required immediately to take upon him the said office of collector for the same ward without further warrant, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of five pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied as hereafter is mentioned; and having received from the assessor or assessors (who so shall appoint him) a duplicate of the rates and assessments laid upon the houses, tenements, and buildings in the same ward as aforesaid (which such assessor or assessors is and are hereby required to make out and give to him, under the hand or hands of such assessor or assessors, without delay) such collector is also hereby required and authorized to demand, collect, and receive quarterly, without any other warrant, the several suras specified in such duplicate of and from the several persons who ought to pay the same according thereto, and to give receipts, in writing under his hand (if required) for what he shall so receive; and the same, when so received, shall pay over quarterly to the then assessor or assessors for the same ward, who shall likewise give receipts, in writing under his or their hand or hands, to the said collector for what he shall so pay to him or them.

VIII. Provided always, That in case any person so to be chosen or nominated an assessor or collector for any of the said wards, shall happen to die or remove out of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or refuse to take upon him such office, by which the same shall become vacant, in any of those cases the churchwardens of the parish in which such person so dying, removing, or refusing to act, did inhabit, shall, on the next Sunday after such vacancy shall have happened, give or cause to "be given such public notice as hereinbefore mentioned of such vacancy, and of some day in the same week for the inhabitants of the ward wherein such vacancy shall be. to meet in the vestry of tue same parish church, between the hours of eleven in the morning and two in the afternoon, to supply the same; and then and there the said inhabitants, or the major part of them, who shall

Altered to six pound* by 50 C»co. III. e. 41. ». 32% post.

Class 1.] Lumps and Scavengers.

appear at such time and place, shall, by the ways and means aforesaid, choose, nominate, and appoint some other substantial householder living in the same ward, to supply such vacancy of an assessor or collector (ls the case shall require) for the same ward, till the annual day of election of assessors as aforesaid then next ensuing, and to act in the mean time with the same power and authority in all respects as if such person had been chosen an assessor or nominated as collector (as the case may be) in manner as herein before directed; and that every person who shall be so chosen, nominated, or appointed an assessor or collector upon any such vacancy, shall within ten days after such election, nomination, or appointment, accept of such office or employment, to which he shall be so chosen, nominated, or appointed, and signify such his acceptance, by writing under his hand in the churchwardens book of the same parish: and if any person so chosen, nominated, or appointed shall neglect or refuse so to accept of or to execute the said office, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied as hereafter mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if any of

the churchwardens for the time being of the said respective parishes, or of, 'a"* the assessors to be elected as aforesaid (and who shall take upon them the nrjrlfciing their said office) shall wilfully neglect or refuse to give or cause to be given Lmty-such notices as they are hereinbefore respectively required to give or cause to be given, or any of the said notices, or wilfully neglect or refuse to do any such act or thing as they are hereinbefore respectively required to do in the execution of this act, every such churchwarden or assessor, so wilfully neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That from and F.»r providing after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four

such number of bell lamps, twelve inches in diameter, as shall be sufficient

+for enlightening the said streets, squares, lanes, and alleys, and all as near as possible of the same kind and goodness in all respects, shall be provided with the first money to arise from the said rates and assessments, and set up in the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the walls and gates of the said town, in such parts thereof, and at such distances one from another, as the said assessors to be chosen for all the said wards in manner as aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall from time to time think fit; and such lamps shall be either fixed with irons against any wall or building in the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, or upon strong posts, fit to support the same: and that from and after the first day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, all such lamps shall be lighted at sun-set every

evening, and kept burning till twilight every morning, from the first day *

of October* to the first day of May in every year, and during the time of

any assizes being held in the said town.

XI. + And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the Streets to be streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the walls and gates of the said swept si certain town shall, from and after the said first day of August in the year one thou- 1 lme,

sand seven hundred and sixty-four, twice in every week, between the first day of October and first day of May, and once in every week between the first day of May and first day of October in every year, or oftener as occasion shall require, be well and sufficiently swept and cleansed, and all the dirt and soil which shall be in the said town before or against any houses, walls, gardens and grounds, and before or against any churches, chapels, or other public buildings and places in the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, or any of them shall be carried away.

XII. + And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the A*se»or8 to uke

assessor or assessors for the said several wards, to be chosen and appointed Strecta

as aforesaid, shall respectively provide and take care that the streets, e uvr^ ' squares, lanes and alleys within their respective wards be from time to time

lighted, swept and cleansed in manner as aforesaid, and shall and may respectively apply and dispose of the money which shall be raised by the rates and assessments to be laid in his or their respective wards as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be requisite, in buying such number of such

Mtrred to 1st September by 23 Geo. 111. c. 55. s. 41. but sec 50 Geo. 111. c. 4L 8. 19 ami 47, p»t, t See 50 Geo. tlL c 4L *. 19, 50, 51 »ud 76, post,

OS

Lamps and Scavengers.

[Part III.

No Officer of the Corporation to be appointed an Assessor.

In case of Neglect of clio >Mng Assessors,

The Mayor and A' lermeo to etlle the AMeauentu

sort of lamps as aforesaid as shall be set up within his or their respective wards, according to such regulations as the said assessors, or the major part of them, shall agree upon, and of the proper and necessary materials for setting up the same, and for fixing, supporting, and repairing the same, and for lighting, trimming, and keeping the said lamps lighted at the times and in manner as hereinbefore mentioned, and also in paying the wages of scavengers, sweepers, and other labourers and servants for sweeping, cleansing, and carrying away the dirt and soil from the streets, squares, lanes and alleys within his and their respective wards, (except such parts thereof as are to be swept and cleansed at the costs of the mayor and burgesses of the said town, and of the churchwardens of the said several parish churches, and of the respective treasurers and trustees of and for the several chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals, as hereafter mentioned; ) and shall and may, within and during the time of his or their continuance in the office of assessor or assessors, enter into and make such contracts and agreements, by the year or less time, with such person and persons, and upon such reasonable terms, for the undertaking and performing of all or any of the matters and things aforesaid relating to the lighting, sweeping, cleaning, and carrying away the dirt from off the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys in manner aforesaid (except as aforesaid) as he or they shall think fit; which persons, so to be contracted with, shall be subject and liable to such pecuniary forfeitures and penalties for nonperformauce of their respective contracts as the saiA assessor or assessors shall impose, and the said contractors respectively agree to,

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or any of them, or any other officer or officers of the corporation of mayor and burgesses of the same town, or any elder brother or assistant of the corporation of the Trinity-Mouse in Kingston-upon-Hull, shall not be chosen or appointed an assessor or assessors, collector or collectors, or into any other office for any of the purposes aforesaid, but shall be wholly exempt from serving any of the said offices.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if in any one year, through the neglect of the churchwardens of the said respective parishes, or any of them, or for or through any other cause or neglect, such assessors as aforesaid shall not be chosen or appointed for the said respective wards within the time hereinbefore limited and prescribed for that purpose, or if such assessor or assessors shall neglect to settle or ascertain what gross sum shall be raised for the purposes aforesaid, or to make and settle such rate and assessment for the raising thereof as hereinbefore mentioned within the time for that purpose hereinbefore limited, then and in either of the said cases, the mayor and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, or the major part of them, shall and may and are hereby authorized and required to settle and determine what sum of money shall be requisite for the purposes of this act. and to be raised upon the several occupiers of houses and tenements within the walls and gates of the said town rateable as aforesaid, until the next annual election of assessors as hereinbefore directed, and to appoint two assessors in and for each of the said seven wards, to rate and assess the same, and proportion out the same in and upon the said several wards in manner as hereinbefore is directed to be done by the assessors to be elected as first hereinmentiooed; and also to appoint two substantial inhabitants in each of the said wards, being householders, to collect the rates and assessments in and for each of the said wards; and such assessors and collectors, so to be appointed by the said mayor and aldermen, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required to take upon them the said offices respectively, and execute the same in rating, assessing, proportioning, collecting, and levying, and applying for the purposes aforesaid the sum of money so to be settled and determined to be raised in the same year by the said mayor and aldermen, or the major part of them, at and within such times and in such manner as they shall, by writing under their bauds, direct, and under such penalties and forfeitures for neglecting or refusing to execute their said respective offices, as the assesssors and collectors, hereinbefore first directed to be elected and named, are hereby made subject and liable.

97

Class I.] Lamps and Scavengers.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the street called the Market-Place, the Fish Shambles, that part of the butchery or street which lies under the town hall, and the front of the said Fish Shambles to the middle of the said street, all the common staiths and breast-work thereof next the haven, the gateways of Hessle, My ton, Beverley, and North Gates, all the grates and grate heads, and all other places, as well within the walls and gates of the said town as without, which have usually been swept and cleansed at the expence of the mayor and burgesses thereof, shall from henceforth be swept and cleansed at the sole costs and charges of the said mayor and burgesses, at such times and so often as hereinbefore mentioned; and no part of the assessments, to be laid and collected as aforesaid, shall be applied for the sweeping or cleansing the same; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. *

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, by the authority af< resaid, That the respective churchwardens of the said several parish churches, and the respective treasurers and trustees of and for the several chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals within the said town for the time being, and every of them, shall be respectively deemed occupiers of the said respective churches, chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals aforesaid, for the purpose only of cleaning the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in or contiguous to which the said churches and church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses and hospitals, and the grounds thereunto respectively belonging, are situate or being, and shall respectively sweep and clean or cause to be swept and cleansed, and the dirt and soil to be carried off and from so much of the said streets, squares lanes and alleys as lies contiguous to and fronting the said respective churches, church-yards, chapels, meetinghouses, and hospitals, and the grounds thereunto respectively belonging, and the middle of the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys, at their respective proper costs and charges, at such times and so often as the other parts of the said respective streets, squares, lanes and alleys shall be swept and cleansed by or by the order of the assessors of the respective wards wherein the same respectively lie; and in case the said respective churchwardens, treasurers, or trustees, shall at any time or times neglect to sweep, cleanse, and carry off the dirt and soil from the respective parts of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys, which are respectively required to be swept and cleansed by them as aforesaid, then and so often the assessors of the respective wards wherein the said parts respectively lie shall sweep and clean and carry the dirt and soil off and from the same the next day (unless it shall happen to be Sunday) before noon; and on default of payment of the charges and expences thereof by the said respective churchwardens, treasurers or trustees, or any of them, on demand by the said respective assessors, they the said respective assessors, or any person by them respectively appointed, shall and may, by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor or any other justice of the peace of and for the said town and county of the same (which warrant the said mayor and every other such justice is hereby required to grant, on proof by oath of any credible witness of such neglect to sweep and cleanse as aforesaid, and refusal to pay the said charges and expences on demand as aforesaid) levy such respective charges and expences by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such churchwarden, treasurer, or trustee, so neglecting and refusing as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such warrant, and such distress and sale when demanded.

XVII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor and burgesses of the said town shall, at their own expence, find and provide some proper places without the walls of the said town, and as near as conveniently may be, whereon the scavengers, sweepers and cleansers, to be employed as aforesaid, may, if they shall think fit, lay the filth, dirt, and soil to be taken off and from the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys as aforesaid, or any part or parts thereof.

XVin. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That in case *any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the rate or assessment upon him, her. or them respectively to be assessed as aforesaid, by the space of ten days next after demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and See 50 Geo. III. c. 41. s. 77, pest.

N

4 Geo. lii. c. 74.

Flare* to be cleaned at the lixj'fiHT of the Corporation.

Churchwardens f Churches, to be deemed Occupiers.

Corporation to provide a Plar« to lay Dirt and SoiL

Provisions for levying the Rales.

Lamp* and Scavengers.

[Part ill.

4 Geo. III. c. 74.

No Collector to trve long* r Ilian a certain Time.

Rates to be laid on Houses of a certain Value,

To be deducted out of Rent.

Provision in case of Pcnsnu quiting Houses.

for the said collector or collectors, or any of them, and they and every of them are and is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under the hand of the mayor, or under the hands and seals of any other two justices of and for the said town and county, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, rendering to him, her, or them the overplus (if any shall be) af\er the necessary charges of taking, keeping, and selling such distress, shall be deducted; and in case the person or persons who ought to pay any such rate or assessment shall not have or discover sufficient goods or chattels of his, her, or their own, so as a distress may be made thereon as aforesaid, then or in either of the said cases it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor or two justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit such person or persons to the common goal or house of correction in the said town, there to remain without bail or main-prize for any time not exceeding one month, or until the payment of such rate or assessment. *

XIX. Provided always, That no assessor or collector so to be appointed

as aforesaid shall he obliged to serve in such his office for longer time than one year.

XX. And whereas several houses within the walls and gates of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, of considerable yearly value, are by the respective owners thereof let out in divers small tenements to several tenants, whereby such houses cannot be assessed for the purposes of this act, or the rates and assessments thereon cannot be recovered; for remedy whereof be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owners of all such houses or tenements above the yearly value of three f pounds in the whole, which shall be so let to or occupied by two or more tenants or inhabitants, shall and may be rated and assessed in or towards any annual rate or assessment to be made for the purposes of this act, and the sum or sums at which the respective owners of such houses or tenements shall be so rated shall be demanded of and be liable to be paid by any two or more of the occupiers of any part or parts of such houses or tenements; and in case any occupier or occupiers of any part or parts of such houses or tenements shall refuse or neglect to pay the same sum or sums for the space of ten days after the same shall be demanded, then the same, or so much thereof as shall not be so paid, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of him, her, or them so refusing or neglecting, in like manner as other like rates and assessments may be levied and recovered by virtue of this act; and such occupier or occupiers of such houses or tenements is and are hereby required to pay the sum or sums of money which shall be so rated and assessed onahe owner or owners thereof in pursuance of this act; and such occupier or occupiers is and are hereby authorized to deduct the same out of his, her, or their rent (unless there shall bean actual agreement between them and their respective landlords to the contrary) and the said landlords both mediate and immediate, according to their respective interests, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, upon receipt of the residue of their rents; and every tenant paying such assessment or assessments shall he acquitted and discharged for so much money as the said assessment or assessments shall amount unto, in the same manner as if the same had been actually paid to such person or persons to whom bis, her, or their rent should have been due and payable, so as there be no such agreement between such respective tenants and their landlords to the contrary.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That where any person who shall be assessed pursuant to this act shall remove from or quit any messuage or tenement before the rate assessed on him or her in respect of such messuage or tenement or any part thereof shall become due and payable, and where any other person or persons shall come into or occupy the same messuage or tenement which the other so quitted or removed from, then and in every such case every such occupier shall be liable to pay his or her proportion of the said rate, or part of the said rate, when the same shall become due and payable, according to the time he or she shall have occupied the said messuage or tenement; and every person coming into or occupying any messuage or tenement which was empty or unoccupied at the time of any general rate or assessment laid, shall be

2»ec 40 Geo. HI. c. 41. s. 28, post. t See 40 Geo. III. c. 41. s. 33, post.

Class I.] Lamps and Scavengers.

assessed and pay a proportionable rate for the same messuage or tenement from the time of Ruch his entry thereinto; and all such proportions shall be settled and ascertained, in case of any dispute, by the mayor of the said town for the time being, and be levied and recovered in manner as aforesaid. *

XXII. And whereas by the said act of the second year of his present Majesty's reign it is provided and enacted, That nothing therein .contained should extend to charge the inhabitants or occupiers of any houses or tenements, situate in such places and parts of the said town or county, which are by law directed to be swept and cleansed at the costs and charges of the mayor and burgesses of the said town out of their common stock, with the payment of any greater share or proportion of the rates and assessments thereby directed to be assessed and collected, than by the said mayor and aldermen, or the major part of them in any common council assembled, shall be adjudged a just proportion for the expence of putting the said act in execution with respect to the providing, lighting, and maintaining lamps within the said town and liberties thereof.

XXIII. And whereas the inhabitants and occupiers of houses and tenements in the Market-Place of the said town, who are almost the only persons intended to be eased by the said recited clause or proviso, and they will have equal benefit with the other inhabitants of the said town by having the same, and the streets, squares, lanes, and alleys thereof well swept and kept clean, as well as by the lighting thereof, and will not be so much burthened in proportion by the rates and assessments aforesaid, as many other of the inhabitants in the High-Street, and other narrow streets in the said town will be, as the mayor and burgesses of the said town will at their own expence sweep and cleanse the said Market-Place and other places in the said recited act mentioned to have been usually swept and cleansed by them, as they are thereby directed to do.

XXIV. Be it therefore enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present act the said recited proviso or clause in the said act of the second year of his present Majesty's reign, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the respective assessor or assessors for the said respective wards, to be annually chosen by the inhabitants thereof respectively as aforesaid, shall keep proper books of accounts, in which shall be duly and fairly entered from time to time all the money by them respectively received, paid, and disbursed, under or in pursuance of this act, distinguishing the times when, and of whom, by whom, and to whom, and on what account such money shall be so received, paid and disbursed; which books shall and may be produced to and inspected by the inhabitants of the respective wards rateable as ^aforesaid, and concerned therein, at any public meeting of them to be held at some convenient time and place within each ward, pursuant to notice to be given for that purpose by the churchwardens of the parish in which such ward or the greater part thereof lies (which notice the said churchwardens are hereby required to give, on some Sunday in their parish church, immediately after morr.ing or evening service, at and pursuant to the request ot' any ten or more of the said inhabitants rateable as aforesaid, by writing under their hands, to be delivered to the said churchwardens in the week next preceding; ) and the said respective assessor or assessors, and also the respective collectors of the said rate and assessments, shall from time to time, and as often as the inhabitants rateable as aforesaid of the said respective wards, assembled at any such public meeting, or the major part of them shall require, or at least once in the year, and within ten days after new assessors shall be chosen, makeand render tosuch respective inhabitants* assembled pursuant to such notice as aforesaid, a true and perfect account of all sums of money by such person or persons collected or received, or which shall have come to their hands respectively, or which shall have been rated and assessed as aforesaid and not received, and all other matters and things committed to their charge by virtue or under the authority of thi* ct; and shall pay and deliver all the money which shall remain in their hands respectively to the time of such accounts, to the acting assessor or assessors then appointed by virtue of this act, and acting for the ward to

See S3 Geo. III. c, 41. s. 29, post.

1)9

4 r.eo. III. c. 74.

for irpralinc fhc

W Itlcll tllH III — hal»it.mt* <>f On-Market. Place. Asscasttrs lo keep Books,

An*l rrri'!< r Accounts.

100 Lamps and Scavengers. [Part 111.

4 Geo. III., whose use such money ought to be applied; and in case any such assessor

r. 74. or assessors or collector shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay all such money accordingly, every such assessor or assessors or collector shall, for every such offence, refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty pounds, and any two or more justices of the peace of and for the said town and county shall and may cause all and every such sum and sums of iponey as shall so remain in the hands of any such assessor or collector at the time of such account as aforesaid, and also the said penalty to be from time to time levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of each such assessor or assessors or collector respectively, rendering to the owner the overplus (if any) after the charges of such distress and sale deducted; and in case no sufficient distress can be found, then such justices shall and may commit each such assessor or assessors or collector respectively to the common goal of the said town and county, there to remain without bail or main prize until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account and satisfaction, or shall have compounded and agreed to and with the inhabitants of the ward concerned in such account assembled as aforesaid, or the major part of them (who are hereby authorized to compound for the same) for so much as upon the said account shall appear to be remaining in their hands respectively, and until he or they shall have delivered up to the then acting assessors of the same ward all the books of accounts and vouchers relating to the premises; which said penalty or forfeiture, when recovered, and also the surn^nd sums of money so unaccounted for and levied as aforesaid, or compounded and agreed for as aforesaid, shall be paid to the acting assessor or assessors for the ward concerned in such account, to go and be applied for and towards the expence of lighting, sweeping and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the same ward.

.Tu&tirr* of Peace XXVI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it to determine shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of the said town of Kingston-

Difference* in a summary Way. upon-Hull, or any two justices of the peace of and for the said town and county of the same for the time being, to hear and determine, in a summary way, any of the offences which are made subject to and punishable by any penalties or forfeitures by virtue of this act; and such mayor and justices

Msthod o(recovering Penalties. respectively is and are hereby authorized and required, upon information or complaint within one month after such offence committed, to summon the party or parties accused, and after oath made of the commission of any of the offences abovementioned, by one or more credible witness or witnesses, to issue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party or parties so offending, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accused in not appearing, to proceed to the examination of the witness or witnesses upon such oath as aforesaid, (which oath such mayor and justices respectively are hereby empowered to administer) and to proceed to give such judgment or determination as shall be just and conformable to the true meaning of this act; and where the party accused shall be convicted of such offence upon such examination, or upon his or her own confession, and shall not within ten days after such conviction give notice in writing to the said mayor or justices respectively of his or her intention to appeal from such sentence or determination, according to the proviso hereinafter contained, such mayor and justices respectively shall and may and are hereby required to levy the penalty or penalties inflicted for such offence or offences in the manner directed by this act; and all constables and other peace officers within the said town are hereby required duly to obey and execute, within their jurisdictions, all warrants of such mayor and justices respectively from time to time to be granted and delivered to them for the purposes aforesaid. XXVII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, or incurred by reason thereof, the manner of recovering and levying whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of the mayor of the said town for the time being, or any two other justices of the peace of and for the same town and county of the same; and that all costs and charges of such distress and sale shall in like manner be raised and levied, together with such penalties and forfeitures, and the overplus (if any) of the money to be raised by the sale of

Class I.]

Lamps and Scavengers.

101

inch poods and chattels, shall be returned to the owner thereof; and such penalties and forfeitures, when recovered or levied (the application whereof is not before particularly directed) shall be paid and applied as follows; that is to say, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the acting- assessor or assessors of the ward wherein such offences shall be committed, to be applied towards the charges of lighting, sweeping, and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the same ward: and in case any person or persons, who shall be convicted of any of the offences prohibited or mentioned in this act, shall not have or discover sufficient goods or chattels of his, her, or their own, so as a distress may be made thereon as aforesaid, then or in either of the said cases it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor or two justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals, to commit such person or persons to the common goal or house of correction in the said town, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any space of time not exceeding three months, in case such penalty or forfeiture shall not be sooner paid.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall And him, her, or themselves aggrieved by or remain unsatisfied in the judgment of the said justice or justices, by any rate or assessment made in pursuance of this act, then such person and persons shall and may, by virtue of this act, complain or appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter session to be held for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; which justices at their said sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the matter of such complaint or appeal.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the scavenger or scavengers, or other persons to be employed in sweeping, cleansing and earrying away the dirt from the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys within the said town, in pursuance of this act, or any of them, shall not be obliged to take or carry away any dung, ashes, filth, rubbish, dust or dirt to be brought out of any house, stable, yard or backside of any of the inhabitants in the said town, and laid in the said streets, squares, lanes or alleys, or any of them; and that the several clauses, powers, provisions and directions contained in, and the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by, the said act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, recited in the said act of the second year of his present Majesty, for preventing, punishing, or remedying annoyances and obstructions in the said streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the same act of the twenty-eighth year of his said late Majesty particularly mentioned, or in anywise relating thereto, or to the application or mitigation of such penalties and forfeitures shall from henceforth continue, remain, and be in full force and virtue; any thing herein or in the said act of the second year of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein or in the said recited act of the second year of his present Majesty contained, shall be construed, deemed, or taken to repeal, alter, prejudice, or make void any of the clauses, powers, provisoes, directions and authorities, made, given, or contained in the said act of tlte twenty-eighth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or to the better paving and preserving the pavements of the streets, squares, lanes and alleys therein; but all such clauses, powers, provisoes, directions and authorities shall remain, continue, and be in full force, as if this act or the said recited act of the second year of his present Majesty had not been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the lamps, posts, irons, and furniture thereof, which were provided pursuant to the said recited act of the twenty-eighth year of his said late Majesty, and are now vested in the mayor and burgesses of the said town, shall be applied, as far as they will go, for the purposes of this act; and that the property thereof, and of such other lamps, posts, irons and furniture, which shall be provided and respectively set up in the said respective parishes pursuant to this act, shall, from and after the said first day of August one thousand

Sst 50 Geo. IIL c. 41. . 76, poet

4 Geo. 111.

c. 74.

Person# aegr ier-ed ruay appeal.

Scavenger* n«t obliged to take away Dirt, uc.

Nothin in this Art to cutrnil to the Powers of Jin Ai t of 'iNlli (>o, II. I eljttiiii: lo lh* Pin>r of 11 nil, or to the brtlrr JMVitlg til *

Streets.

Property of Lamps, Ate. venled in the l'hur«ii waliien*.

102

Lamps and Scavengers.

[Part HI.

tarn])* to he

r-mo'ed if deemed a Nuisance.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Saving of the Right* of Mayor and Justices.

Notice to be given of Actions brought

Tender of Amends may We nude

seven hundred and sixty-four, be vested in the respective churchwardens of the said respective parishes, for the use of the inhabitants of the several wards within the said respective parishes, to be continued, set up, and enlightened therein respectively, in manner and at such times, and subject to such orders and directions as are hereinbefore mentioned and expressed: and that the penalties and forfeitures* inflicted by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of his said late Majesty, for wilfully or otherwise taking away, breaking, throwing down, damaging, or extinguishing the lamps to be set up as therein mentioned, and the posts, irons and furniture belonging thereto, shall be extended to and inflicted on such persons who shall in like manner take away, break, throw down, damage or extinguish any of the lamps to be set up pursuant to this act, and shall be levied, recovered, mitigated, and applied in such manner as the like penalties and forfeitures are in and by the said act of the twenty*eighth year of his said late Majesty directed to be levied, recovered, mitigated and applied.

XXXII. Provided always, That if any such lamp or lamps, or the posts, irons, or furniture thereof, shall be so fixed or set up as to be deemed a public inconvenience or nuisance by the mayor and aldermen of the said town for the time being, or the major part of them, then the fixing the same shall be altered and regulated as they shall approve of, at the costs and charges of the assessor or assessors who fixed or ordered the same to be so fixed, or the same shall be taken down.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, trials, and other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of either of the said parishes of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding bis, her, or their being charged or liable to be charged with the rates and assessments hereby enacted to be made, or any of them.

XXXIV. Provided also. That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, prejudice, impeach, or lessen the legal rights of the mayor and burgesses of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or of the justices of the peace ol and for the said town and county thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatsoever, for any matter or thing by him, her or them done in pursuance of this act, until notice in writing of such intended action or suit shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the party intending to commence such action or suit, or his or her attorney or agent, at least one calendar month before such action or suit shall be commenced; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action which such person hath or clairaeth to have against such person or persons; and on the back of which notice shall be indorsed the name of such plaintiff, his attorney or agent; and that no such plaintiff shall recover in any such case where the action shall be grounded on any act or acts of any defendant or defendants done in pursuance of this act, unless it be proved, upon trial to be had thereupon, that such notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof, such defendant or defendants shall recover a verdict, together with his or their full costs of suit.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such defendant or defendants, within one calendar mof th next after such notice given as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney; and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court: and if upon issue joined thereon the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants: and in such case, or in ca»>e the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his or her action, or ia case judgment shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the general issue only; and if upon issue joined the jury shall find that no

For these penalties see 28 Geo. II c. 27, s. 29, p.ige 82, ante; but see 50 Geo. III. e. 41. a. 53 and 54, post.

Go< ' [e

Class I.]

Hackney Coachmen, Car ten and Porters.

103

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants, or such other plea or picas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, which he shall recover, together with his or her costs of suit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plaintiff, on the trial of any such action as aforesaid, of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if Limitation of any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any Action *, matter or thing done in pursuance of this act, in every such case the action

or suit shall be brought within six months next after the cause of action shall arise and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the town or county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or in the county of York, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in General — ue* evidence on any trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this act, or that such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs of suit, and have the like remedy for Treble Coau. the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases bylaw.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That this Public Act. act shall be taken and allowed in all courts of justice in this kingdom as a

public act; and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 55. 1783.

An Act for building a New Goal, &c. Title seepage 3,

VI. And whereas it is requisite that the fares as well as behaviour of hackney coachmen, chairmen, carmen and porters, within the said town and the liberties and precincts thereof, should be put under proper regulations; and that the time of lighting lamps within the said town should be altered: and that the thickness of party or division walls should be ascertained; and that nuisances and obstructions within the said town and the liberties and precincts thereof should be removed, and for the future prevented; and that the wheels of carriages made use of for carrying goods and merchandize within the said town, should be regulated.

XXXIX. And for the regulation of the hackney coachmen and chairmen within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the limits and precincts thereof, and for ascertaining the fares and prices to be paid to them respectively, Be it further enacted, That the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, at the Guildhall of the said town, on the first Thursday in July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and on the first Thursday in July in every year following, by writing under their hands and seals, without any stamp impressed thereon, to licence any person residing within the said town, or the limits or precincts thereof, and now keeping a coach or chaise, or other such wheel carriage for hire, or any sedan chair for hire, and every other person so residing and having a settlement within the said town, or the limits or precincts thereof respectively, who shall apply for a licence to keep and drive any coach, chaise, or other such wheel carriage

Objects of Act.

For the regulation of Hackney Coachmen and Cha riMB.

104 Hackney Coachmen, Carters and Porters. [Part 111.

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

Afirr *he fir»t

Thursday «n July 1783, no ('ohi liman or Chairman to ply for hire without Licence.

Cinches and Chair* to be marked.

* None to be nurd for Hire hut micli as au- maiktd.

Penalty for defacing Clarks.

To jurertain the Fare* to be paid Hackney Coach, men and Chair-men. Carters, Carmen and Porter*.

for hire, or to carry and keep a sedan chair for hire, within the said town, or the limits or precincts thereof respectively, and who shall leave a note in writing of his or their name or names, and place or places of abode, ten days at the least before the day of granting such licences in each year, with the town clerk of the said town, or his deputy; for every of which licences there shall be paid to the said town clerk, or his deputy, by every such respective coachman, chairman, and driver, the sum of one shilling; and the said licences, and every of them, shall be granted to continue during the term of one year from the date of such licences, and no longer.

XL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Thursday in July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no person or persons shall keep, or carry, or drive, or ply with, or let to hire by the hour or day, or otherwise, any coach, chaise, or other such wheel carriage, or sedan chair, within the said town, or the limits or precincts thereof, without such licence first had as aforesaid, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence the sum of thirteen shillings and fourpence.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said mayor, recorder and aldermen, or any three of them, shall, from time to time, cause some mark or figure to be plainly and distinctly made upon the door of every such coach, chaise, or other wheel carriage as aforesaid, and on the back of every such chair, by the owner or keeper thereof respectively, in the most conspicuous and convenient manner to be taken notice of; and that no person shall ply with or drive for hire any coach, chaise, or other such wheel carriage, or ply with, or carry for hire, any such chair, within the said town, or the limits or precinct thereof, except such as shall he so marked; nor shall blot out, alter, deface, or obliterate the mark or figure which shall be so made from time to time upon any such coach, chaise, or other such wheel carriage, or sedan chair, on pain of forfeiting any sum not less than twenty shillings and not exceeding three pounds, for every such offence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the snid town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or any three or more of them, at any of their general quarter sessions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, shall, and they have hereby full power and authority, from time to time, to set down and ascertain the fares and prices which shall from time to time be paid and payable to hackney coachmen, chairmen, carters, carmen and porters, respectively, plying, working and labouring for hire, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the limits or precincts thereof, for the carrying and conveying of one or more person or persons in any such coach, chaise or chair, and also of any goods, merchandize, materials, or other things whatsoever, in any such cart, carr, dray, or other carriage, and for carrying goods, letters^ messages or other business, from any part of the said town, or the limits or precincts thereof, to any other part of the same, as the said mayor, recorder and aldermen, or any three or more of them, shall judge reasonable and proper as aforesaid, and which said fares and prices, and none other, shall from time to time be paid or payable to any such hackney coachmen, chairmen, carters, carmen and porters respectively; and also, that the said mayor, recorder and aldermen, or any three or more of them, at any such sessions, or adjournment thereof, shall have hereby full power to make and ordain such orders, rules and by-laws, for the better governing and regulating of all such the said hackney coachmen, chairmen, chaises, and chairs, carters, carmen, carts, and carriages, and porters, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the limits or precincts thereof, for the time being, in all respects whatsoever, as in the judgment of the said mayor, recorder, and aldermen, or any three ot more of them, shall seem fit, just and reasonable; and also to fix and appoint such pecuniary and other penalties, for non-observance or non-performance, or other breach of all or any such rules, orders, or hv-laws; and to be from time to time recoverable by such ways and means, and for the offender to be convicted in such manner, and for want of payment of the forfeiture on demand, or of some sufficient security for recovery thereof, to fix and prescribe such powers for the offender to be committed for such time, not exceeding one month, as they the said mayor, recorder, and aldermen, or any three or more of them, so assembled, shall from time to time order, direct, and appoint; so that each penalty or forfeiture for each such separate offence, shall not exceed the sum of ten

105

Class I.] Lamps, Party Walls and Nuisances.

shillings; all which orders and rules shall from time to time be final and binding- to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and every proceeding in

consequence thereof shall be good and effectual.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any carters, carmen, or porters, or any carts or carriages, of or belonging to the dock company in Kingston-upon-Hull, goingto or returning from the dock, or bason, quays or wharfs of the said company; but that they and every of them shall be free and exempt from the provisions, penalties, and restrictions herein contained, with respect to the carters, carmen, and porters, carts and carriages, abovementioned and expressed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the lamps now authorized by any act of parliament to be lighted in the said town, shall begin to be lighted on the first day of September, instead of the first day of October io every year, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all and every house and houses that shall, from and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be erected and built, either upon old and new foundations, in any place or places within the parishes of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary, in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall have party or division walls between house and house entirely of brick or stone, fourteen inches thick at the least, from the foundation through all the stories of each house; and that no cornice of timber or wood under the eaves shall hereafter be made or suffered in any such new house or houses; and if any new house or houses shall, from and after the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be erected and built within the places aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, that then the owner of every such house, and the head builder or workman who undertakes such building or work, shall each of them forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds; and that the common officer or town's husband for the time being of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or such other person as shall be for that purpose appointed by the said mayor and aldermen, or any two of them, shall have full liberty, and he is hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, during the building and erecting of every such new house, to enter into, view, and examine the same, for the purpose of seeing that the party or division wails and cornices thereof be made pursuant to the directions of this act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said penalty of fifty pounds shall and may be sued for and recovered by any person or persons, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by action of debt or on the case, together with costs of suit, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall at any time hereafter build or place any portico, porch, door c:»'0, or steps, against the front of any house, or other building that shall be erected or built in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the liberties or precincts thereof, so as to project more than twenty-two inches into any of the streets, lanes, passages, or places in the same; or place or erect, so as to project into the same any sign, sign post, sign iron, show board, or other emblem used to denote the trade, occupation, or calling of any person or persons, but shall place and fix all such signs, sign posts, sign irons, show boards, or other emblems, flat against the front of every such house; and that no person shall, on any pretence whatsoever, at any time, set, place, or keep, or cause or wilfully suffer to be set, placed, or kept, in any of the said streets, lanes, passages, or places, for the sale of wares, any stall, shop, shed, whether covered or uncovered, table, bench, or seat, vessels, or other things, of larger dimensions than nine feet in the front, and seven feet deep; nor any stall, shop, or shed, of whatever dimensions, that shall be moved upon wheels or rollers; and that no s'alls, shops, sheds, benches, ruhbish, lumber or other things, shall be permitted to stand or remain in any of the said streets, lanes, passages, or places, so as to obstruct, incommode, or hinder the free passage along the same, after it shall be dark, without having sufficient lights affixed to the same respectively; and that no manure, dung, soil, or Set 50 Geo. Ill e. 41. s 47.

o

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

Rreervinc the IIlit* of the Dock Company with rr*|K*ct In rarmo), or Carls jfoir.iT to or reluming from the Dork or Wbaria of the Mid Company.

larnpi lo be Indued on the Fir#t Dav of September Yearly. Hou«ea and Buildings to be erected for the future, to have Party Walls not Irff*tiianl4 Inches thick, under the 1 M.p.ct ion of the Town's Husband.

Directing how

the Penalty for not m ikm prope.' Party W*, |»

hall tw ie-

covered.

No Portico or Step* to project into the Street* beyoi-d 22 Inches/

For prerenting Annoy alien,

Signs,

Stall *, See.

Manure er Uubbiah.

106

Nuisances and Annoyances. [Part 111.

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

T>rivinar Car-rn^rton th Side Pavement*;

Batcher* Chopping Block *, fce.

No Stalls, 4cc. to itand in the Street, on Sunday*.

Driving Horses and Cattle to Pasture.

Throwing Soil, kr. into the Waterj

Bonfires, kc.

Annoyances may tie removed.

Penalty on slaughtering Cattle in the Streets.

rubbish, shall at any time hereafter be taken, led, or carried away from any stables, buildings, yards, or places, in carts, waggons, trucks, or other carriages, in such a manner as to cause the same to be dropped or scattered, or to make any annoyance in the said streets, lanes, passages, or places; and that no person or persons shall hereafter run, drive, carry, or place on any of the foot ways or side pavements of the said streets, lanes, passages, or places, any wheel, sledge, wheel barrow, hand barrow, truck, or carriage, (except such as shall be necessary for and actually used in the wheeling and carrying across the said foot ways or side pavements, into and out of the said streets, lanes, passages or places, unto and from the yards, houses, or buildings of the inhabitants of the said town, or the liberties or precincts thereof) any coals, soil, dirt, rubbish, or other things, which they, or any of them, shall have occasion to carry, wheel, or convey across such foot paths or side pavements; nor shall, upon any of the said loot ways or side pavements, roll any cask or barrel, or place, or cause to be placed or to stand, any butcher's chopping blocks, or other utensils; or wilfully ride, drive, lead, or suffer to stand, any horse, beast, or cattle, except what shall be necessary for the purpose of going across such foot ways or side pavements, into or out of the said yards, houses and buildings; and that no person shall on any pretence whatsoever, set, place, or keep, or cause, or wilfully suffer to be set, placed, or kept, any shop, stall, shed, table, b^nch, or seat, or any vessel or basket, in any street, lane, or public way in the said town, for the sale of fruit, toys, or any other wares, on a Sunday, on pain of forfeiting the sum of five shillings for every such offence, to be levied and recovered as hereafter mentioned; and that no person shall hereafter turn loose and drive, or cause to be driven, to or from pasture, or otherwise, any horse or shall drive any other cattle, in or along the said public streets, lanes, passages, or places, without having the same sufficiently attended and guarded by some person or persons employed for that purpose; nor shall wilfully, wantonly, carelessly, or maliciously, throw or convey, or cause or procure to be thrown or conveyed, any earth, stones, dirt, filth, soil or nastiness, into the water, or any of the ditches, streams, pipes, conduits, or other things that contain or convey the same, to or for the use of the inhabitants of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the liberties or precincts thereof, or by any mean* whatever damage, injure, or obstruct the same, or any part thereof, so as to render the said water corrupt, bad, or unfit for any of the uses to which the same may have been generally applied, or might otherwise have been fit for; and that no person shall make, or assist in the making, any fire or fires, commonly called bonfires, or shall set fire to, let off, or throw, any squib, serpent, rocket, cracker, or other fire work whatsoever, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the liberties or precincts thereof; but that all and every person offending in any of the said cases respectively, or in any other case within the provisions of this act, for which no specific penalty is or shall be given, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum of money not exceeding twenty shillings; and that it shall be lawful for the mayor and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the major part of them, to cause all and every the signs, sign posts, sign irons, show boards, or other emblems, used to denote the trade, occupation, or calling, of any person or persons, already erected, or that hereafter shall be erected, contrary to the directions of this act, to be taken down, removed, carried away., altered, or regulated, in such manner as they, or the major part of them, shall think proper, ten days notice or warning being first given to the owner or owners, tenants or occupiers, to take down or remove, carry away, alter, or regulate the same. *

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, if any person shall kill, slaughter, scald, or dress any beast, calf, sheep, lamb, swine or other cattle, in any of the public streets, lanes, or passages within the said town, or liberties or precincts thereof, every person so offending shall forfeit for the first offence the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence thirty shillings, and for every future offence forty shillings; one moiety whereof, after deducting the expence of recovery, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety shall be applied as other penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be applied.

See 50 Geo. HI. c. 41. 86, port. + Sm 50 Geo. III, c, 41. a. 84, post.

Clan I.] Nuisances and Annoyances, 107

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all sponta projecting from any house, 23 Geo. III. shop, warehouse, or other building whatsoever, now adjoining or contiguous c to any street, lane, public passage, or place, within the said town of King-ston-upon-Hull, or the liberties or precincts thereof, shall be removed and taken away at the expence of the owner thereof; and that no spouts shall For rrmoval of he hereafter erected, except such as shall convey the water down by proper J* gMeet *

and sufficient pipes, to be fixed to the sides of such houses or buildings respectively. *

L. And for the better preserving of the pavements of the streets of the Empowering the said town. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and Major and Alder-after the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ^wheels eighty-three, every dray, carr, sledge or truck, to be used for the carriage of Trucks, and of any goods, merchandize, or other things, from any one part of the said other Carriage *, town to any other part thereof, shall have all the wheels of every such h*11 n»d«. carriage made, shod, or bound, in such manner only as the mayor and aldermen of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, or the major part of them iu common council assembled, shall from time to time approve, and in that behalf direct or appoint: and if any dray, carr, sledge, or truck, used as aforesaid, shall have any of the wheels belonging to the same, made, shod, or bound in any other manner than as aforesaid, the owner of such '

carriage being convicted of such offence, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justices of the peace of the said town, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of two shillings and sixpence, and for the second offence, the turn of five shillings, and for the third, and every other offence, the sum of ten shillings to be recovered, levied, and applied as herein is directed.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Complaint* to be mayor of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, or any h*ard in>* sum-two other justices of the peace for the said town and county, to hear and m<iry determine, in a summary manner, any offences which are made subject to, and punishable by, any penalties or forfeitures by virtue of this act, and which shall be committed within the said town, or the liberties or precincts thereof, except in such case where the penalty or forfeiture is directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: and such mayor or justices respectively are hereby authorized and required, upon information or complaint, within one month after such offence shall be committed, to summon the party or parties accused, and after oath or affirmation made of the commission of any of the offences abovementioned, by one or more credible witness or witnesses, to issue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party or parties so offending; and upon the appearance, or contempt of the party accused in not appearing, to proceed to the examination of the witness or w itnesses upon such oath or affirmation respectively as aforesaid (which oaths or affirmations such mayor and justices respectively are hereby empowered to administer) and to give such judgment or determination as shall be just, and conformable to the true meaning of this act; and where the party accused shall be convicted of such offence upon such examination, or upon his or her own confession, and shall not give notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal from such sentence or determination, according to the provision hereinafter contained, such mayor and justices respectively shall and may, and are hereby required to levy the penalty or penalties hereby inflicted for such offence or off ences in the manner directed by this act; and all constables, and other peace officers within their respective limits, are hereby enjoined and required duly to obey, and execute all warrants of such justices, from time to time to be granted and delivered to them for the purposes aforesaid.

LX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor and justices of the peace for the time being, or any two of them, from time to Pcn*hi*msy time *, where they sec cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the mitigated, penalties, or forfeitures aforesaid, as they in their discretion shall think fit, so as such mitigation or composition do not extend to remit more than one moiety, of the penalty or forfeiture inflicted and directed to be paid by this act; and every such mitigation or composition shall be a sufficient discharge for Use persons offending respectively, for so much of the said penalties and forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

Set M lieo III. c. 41 a. 5*0, po*L

Nuisances and Annoyances. [Part 111.

SO Geo. III. o. 41.

A .

No Person Table to a (ioiil/e PruteculioD.

Directir.g a Form ol Com iciioo.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures which by this act shall be incurred or imposed, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of the mayor of the said town for the time being, or any two other justices of the peace for the said town and county, where any such offence shall be committed within the said town, or the liberties or precincts thereof; and that l! the costs and charges of such distress and sale, shall in like manner be r i--d and levied, together with such penalties and forfeitures; and the o ', rplus (if any) of the money to be raised by the sale of such goods and ch.Ttfls, shall be returned to the owner thereof; and such penalties and for-f t r* s. when recovered (the application whereof is not hereinbefore pa.r-ticvi.rriy directed) shall be paid to such person or persons as the said mayor and ju>tic: s respectively shall appoint for that purpose, and be applied towards the respective purposes of this act: and in case sufficient distress cannot he found, or such penalties or forfeitures shall not be fortbwith paid, it shall be lawful for such mayor and justices respectively, by warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for the Raid town and county, there to remain without bail or main prize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days unl-ss such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXI 11. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to be doubly prosecuted upon this and any former law; but that any person who shall he so convicted by virtue of any former law or statute, for any of the offences aforesaid, shall not also be subject to any prosecution, penalty, or forfeiture by virtue of this act, for the same offence; and that any person who shall be convicted of any offence by virtue of this act, shall not also be subject to any prosecution for the same offence by virtue of any former law; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every justice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form, or to the like effect (that is to say; )

Town and County of the Town of } " Be it remembered, That on the

Kiegston.upon-Hull. S «day of in the year of the

" reign of his Majesty A. B. is convicted

u before of his Majesty's justices of the

* peace for the said town and county of the town of " Kingston-upon-Hull, by virtue of an act of parliament," made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act. &c.M [Atre set forth the title of the act, and specify the of^nce, and the time and place when and where the same was com-rnitted, as the case shall &*.] " Given under our hands and seals (or, my hand and seal) the day and year aforesaid. *

60 Geo. III. Cap. 41. Royal Assent, 18th April, 1S10.

An Act for Watching and more effectually Lighting, Cleansing1, and otherwise Improving the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the liberty of Trippett and the lordship or precinct of Myton, in the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said town; and for preventing nuisances therein; and also for preventing frauds

See wet. 62, 64, &c. page 10 and 11, ante.

Class I.] Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. 109

aod impositions in the quality, measure, and delivery of Coals 50 Geo. III. in the said town. c. 41.

WHEREAS the town of Kingston-upon-Hull is not sufficiently watched, and the liberty of Trippett, (in the parish of the Holy Trinity) in Parable, the said town, is not properly lighted or watched; and the several squares, streets, laues, ways, and other public passages and places already made and built, and which are now making and building, within the lordship or precinct of Myton in the said parish, are in many parts incommodious and unsafe for passengers, very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted and watched, and are subject to various nuisances, annoyances, encioach-ments and obstructions; and other squares, street?, lanes, wavs, public passages and places are intended to be or may be made or built within the aid town of Kingston-upon-Hull and liberty of Trippett, and the said lordship or precinct of Myton, which may be subject or liable to similar inconveniences.

II. And whereas it would greatly tend to the safety and accommodation, not only of the owners and inhabitants of houses within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, but also of all persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched and regulated, and if all nuisances, annoyances, encroachments and obstructions were removed and in future prevented.

III. And whereas many of the provisions of the several acts hereinafter Provision* of mentioned, that is to say, an Act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the as" G«oC|V reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for ch. 27.

explaining, amending and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of "the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for better paving, preserving "and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys of the said town, and preventing obstructions therein, and for preserving the lamps which shall " be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners an Act passed in the second year of

the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act

" to amend and render more effectual several Acts made for cleansing and " enlightening the streets of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for presenting annoyances therein an Act passed in the fourth year of his 4th Geo. III. present Majesty's reign, intituled," An Act for amending and supplying Ch. 74.

" the deficiencies of the said last-mentioned act:" and an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled," An Act for building a new gaol for the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; for purchasing an additional burial ground for the use of the " parish of the Holy Trinity in the said town; for regulating the fares of " hackney coachmen, chairmen and porters, and the prices of carriage of "goods; for altering the time of lighting lamps, for ascertaining the breadth " of party walls, and for preventing certain nuisances within the said town, u liberties and precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the fourteenth

year of the reign of his present Majesty for making and establishing " public quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, in respect to such as are " or may be built opposite to certain staiths in the said act described;

and for other purposesor the provisions of some of the said acts, have imdtqmat* been found inadequate to the purposes thereof; and further and other provisions and regulations, powers and authorities for and respecting the cleansing and lighting the streets of the said town, and preventing nuisances

and annoyances within the same and the liberties and precincts thereof, are essentially necessary for the better improvement of the said town and the liberties and precincts thereof, and the security and accommodation of the inhabitants of the same.

IV. And whereas certain ground and the foreshore of the river Humber, extending from the river Hull to ground of ©r belonging to the dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull, in or near certain streets called the Fore Ropery and ^ack Ropery, or Humber-Street, are within and parcel of the said town, but by reason of some part or parts of the same having been heretofore part of his Majesty's military works at the said town, and of ©ther parts thereof having been lately made or regained from the said riv$r

110

90 Geo. III.

c. 41.

Ommiwinnert

appciuteil.

Chooiin; new Commukiooert.

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. [Part III.

Humber, the same have not hitherto been comprized in or assessed under or by virtue of the said recited acts or any of them for the purposes thereof; although the said ground and foreshore are now made and laid out for building thereupon, and may become greatly improved in value and very populous, and require to be cleansed, lighted and watched.

V. May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That Edward Foster Coulson, esquire, mayor, Robert Osborne, esquire, recorder. Sir Henry Etherington, baronet, William Osbourne, John Sykes, John Wray, William Watson Bolton, Joseph Egginton, John Bateman, "William Jarratt, Thomas Osbourne, Richard William Moxon, Nicholas Sykes, and Andrew Hollingworth, esquires, aldermen, and Edward C'odd, esquire, common clerk of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and their successors, the mayor, recorder, aldermen and common clerk of the said town or borough for the time being, together with Anthony Atkinson, John Alderson, George Alder, John Atkin, Robert Carlile Broadley, Thomas Broadley, John Broadley, Jonas Browne, John Heley Bromby, Kingsman Ba&kett, William Bourne, John Boyes, John Burstall, Samuel Burstall, William Bell, John Briggs, Harrison Briggs, Christopher Bolton, John Barkworth, John Norman Crosse, William Collinson, Thomas Dikes, Thomas Ellison Colliu-son, "William Cooper, John Carrick, Henry Casson, John Cotsworth, Joseph Denton, Stephen Dickinson, Gardiner Egginton, William Eyre, Thomas Frost, Charles Frost, John Frost, John Ferraby, Thomas Goulton, James Green, Richard Garland, Thomas Hall, William Hall, John Hudson, William Horncastle, Francis Hall, Benjamin Hickson, Robert Hustwick, James Headley, Thomas Hugall, Anthony Jones, Thomas Jackson, William Levett, John Levett, Henry Maister, Arthur Maister, Henry William Maister, Thomas Moxon, John Moxon, George Moxon, Sampson Middleton, Samuel Martin, John Newmarch, John Newbald, Nicholas Osbourne, Charles Osbourne, Robert Coupland Pease, Joseph Pease, John Kirkhy Picard, William Parker, Josiah Prickett, Marmaduke Thomas Prickett, Robert Raikes, Michael Robinson, George Rudston, Charles Rud-ston, Thomas Riddell, William Ritson, Richard Sykes, Daniel Sykes, Henry Sykes, Richard Sykes the younger, John Simpson, Aistroppe Stovin, George Schonswar, John Spence, George Spence, William Shackles, Thomas Shackles, Thomas Thompson, Avison Terry, Cains Thompson, Thomas Aukland Terrington, William Todd, William Williamson, John West, James Keiro Watson, John Wray the younger, Charles Wray, John Wilson, and Charles Whitaker shall be and they are hereby appointed commissioners for putting this act in execution, in so far as the provisions, regulations, powers and authorities thereof are meant and intended to be vested in or executed by commissioners, and so as not to obstruct, prevent, binder or interfere with all or any of the powers or authorities given to or vested in the mayor, recorder, and aldermen, or any of them, of the said town, by all of any of the said recited acts of parliament not hereby actually or virtually altered, repealed or amended.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the number of the said commissioners appointed by this act, or who shall from time to time be elected and chosen as hereinafter mentioned, shall be reduced by death, disqualification, incapacity or refusal to act in execution of the powers and authorities hereby in them vested to twenty besides the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the same town for the time beiDg; it shall and may be lawful, when and' so often as the same shall happen, for the clerk of the said commissioners to convene a meeting of the surviving commissioners, who shall, and they are hereby required to nominate thirty persons whom they shall think fit and proper persons to act as commissioners in the execution of this act, duly qualified as hereinafter mentioned, and shall deliver in a list of the names of such persons, signed by the chairman of such meeting, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the town and couoty of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and the majority of the justices then and there present shall accordingly elect and appoint such and so many of the persons nominated in such list, to be commissioners in the place or places of the commissioners so dying, becoming disqualified or in-

Class I.]

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

capable, or refusing to act as aforesaid, as they shall think fit: and the names of the persons to be so appointed, elected and chosen shall be entered in the book of proceedings of the said commissioners, and the commissioners so from time to time elected and appointed shall have the same powers and authorities, in all respects, as if they had been originally nominated and appointed in and by this act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person appointed or to be appointed by or undpr this act, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution thereof, being a victualler, tavern-keeper or innholder, or who shall sell ale, wine, cyder or any other spirituous liquor by retail; or who shall, either by himself or any person in trust for him, hold or enjoy any office or place of profit under, or be concerned in any contract made by virtue of, this act, during the time that he shall so hold and enjoy the same; or who shall be in anywise personally or beneficially interested in any matter or question which shall happen or arise under any of the clauses, powers and provisions hereof (other than as a creditor on or liable to the payment of the rates or assessments hereinafter required to be made and levied,) where the matter or question in which he shall be so interested shall be agitated, discussed or determined; nor shall any person be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, who shall not be a housekeeper within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull and liberty of Trippett, or the said lordship or precinct of Myton, or within five miles of the same (other than and except the mayor, recorder and aldermen of the same town for the time being,) and who shall not be in his own right, or in the right of his wife, in the actual possession, enjoyment and receipt of the rents and profits of messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments for an estate of freehold or copyhold of inheritance within the aid town and liberty, lordship or precinct, or county of the same town, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds (over and above all reprises and incumbrances,) or who otherwise shall not be possessed of or entitled to a personal estate of the value of three thousand pounds over and above the amount of his debts.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every person appointed or to be appointed a commissioner by or under this act shall, before be shall act in the execution thereof, (except in administering the cath or affirmation to the chairman of the first meeting of the said commissioners,) take and subscribe an oath or affirmation in the worda or to the effect following (that is to say; )

" I A. B. do swear [or, being one of the people called quakers, do solemnly declare and affirm] that I am really and bona fide in my own right [or, in the right of ray late or present wife, as the case " may be] now in the actual possession, enjoyraeut and receipt of the rents and profits of messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments for an estate of freehold [or, copyhold, as the case may be] of inheritance," situate in the said town, liberty or lordship, [or, in the township or " parish, or townships ot parishes of in the county of the

' said town, as the case may be] of the clear yearly value of one " hundred pounds over and above all reprises and incumbrances, [or," possessed of or entitled to a personal estate to the amount or value of " three thousand pounds over and above what will pay my just debts, ] " and that 1 am a housekeeper in the said town of Kingston-upon-u Hull, or the liberty of Trippett, or the lordship or precinct of Myton, u or, in the parish of within five miles of the said town,

" [as the case may be:] And that I will truly and impartially, according to the best of my skill and judgment, execute and perform the u several powers and authorities reposed in me as a commissioner by " virtue of an Act passed in the fiftieth year of the reign of his Majesty " King George the Third, intituled, [Aere insert the title of this oc/.]

'So help me God."

Which oath or affirmation shall be entered in the book of proceedings of the said commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the before-mentioned commissioners, of any seven or more of them, shall meet at the Guildhall of the said town, if the mayor for the time being shall permit the same, or otherwise at such convenient place within the said town or lordship as shall be appointed by

111

50 Geo. HI. c. 41.

Qtnlifiration of CummiwioneTS,

Commissioners to take an Oath,

Oath.

First and other Meetings of Commissiooera

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. [Part III.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Chairman to bt appointed ior one ytfr.

Chairman to he elected annually.

Chairman and four Comnu--ioners to be present at every Weetinf?.

Business to be determined by minority of Vote*.

The Chairman to have a easting Vote, but uo other.

Temporary

Chairman,

For appointing Officers.

him, on the first day of June next, between the hours of eleven of the clock in the forenoon and two of the clock in the afternoon, before which last-mentioned hour they shall proceed to put this act into execution, and at such meeting shall elect and appoint such one of the said commissioners appointed by this act, who shall be then present, as they shall judge proper, to be chairman of their several meetings for one year next ensuing; and that all acts and proceedings of the said commissioners shall oe had and determined at public meetings, whereof written or printed notices shall be given to or left at the dwelling-house of each of the said commissioners, and a written or printed public notice, signed by the clerk to the said commissioners, shall be given at least ten days previously thereto by affixing the same on one of the doors of each of the churches in the said town and lordship, to be held at the said Guildhall (if the mayor for the time being shall permit the same, or otherwise at such other convenient place within the said town, or the lordship or precinct of Myton aforesaid, as the said commissioners shall from time to time fix and appoint) between the like hours of eleven of the clock in the forenoon and two of the clock in the afternoon on each day of such meetings respectively, and if it shall happen that there shall not be five commissioners present at any such meeting, then and in such case the chairman for the time being, if he shall be then present, or otherwise the clerk to the said commissioners shall and may adjourn the said meeting to any other day, not exceeding fourteen days next afterwards, at the same place where such meeting was appointed to have been held, and notice of such adjournment shall be given in like manner as is before directed with respect to the said meetings; and the said commissioners shall at all their said meetings bear and pay their own expences, except the charge, perquisite or fee for the room or place where the same shall beheld, and the expence of stationary, which shall be defrayed out of the general rate and assessments hereinafter directed to be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners or any seven or more of them shall, on the first day of June in every year after the said first day of June next, meet and elect such person, being a commissioner under this act, as they shall judge proper, to be the chairman of their several meetings for putting this act into execution for the year thence next ensuing; and that no act or proceeding of the said commissioners at any of the meetings to be held in pursuance of this act shall be of any force or effect, unless the chairman for the time being, or the pro tempore chairman to be elected and chosen as hereinafter mentioned, shall be present, and unless there be four or more other commissioners then and there attending; and that all matters and things to be done at all or any of the meetings to be held in pursuance of this act, shall from time to time be ordered and determined according to the vote of the majority of the commissioners then present and actually voting, and where the number of votes shall be equal the chairman of the said meeting shall have a determining or casting vote, but shall not vote in any other case or on any other occasion whatsoever; and that no commissioner shall be capable of acting or voting in any case wherein he shall be charged with any offence against this act, or where his interest is concerned, otherwise than as a creditor upon the rates as aforesaid.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the chairman for the time being shall he disabled by sickness, or otherwise prevented from attending, or shall refuse or neglect to attend any meeting of the said commissioners at the expiration of fifteen minutes after the time appointed, the commissioners then and there present shall and may elect and appoint one of themselves to be chairman pro tempore, and after such election and appointment proceed to the business of the said meeting in the execution of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That at the first meeting of the said commissioners, to be held as aforesaid, such of them as shall be then and there present shall elect and appoint a treasurer and clerk, a surveyor or surveyors, and also a collector or collectors, receiver or receivers of the rates or assessments to be raised and levied and the several monies to be received by virtue of this act, and by whom such rates, assessments and monies may from time to time be paid to the treasurer for the time being or other person or persons appointed for that purpose, in the manner he rein-

Class I.] Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. 113

after mentioned, and other proper officers for effecting the purposes of this act (save only and except as to such officers as are or shall be appointed under or by virtue of the powers and authorities of the said recited acts as hereinafter mentioned; ) and that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and their successors, to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, from time to time to remove, suspend or displace all or any of such officers or other persons as they shall see occasion, and appoint others in the room or place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended or displaced, or in the room of such as shall die, or resign their offices, and also from time to time by and out of the monies to be raised or received by virtue of this act to pay such wages or salaries and make such allowances to such officers as they shall think reasonable or proper; provided always, that no commissioner appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid shall vote for or join in the removal or appointment of any treasurer, clerk, collector, surveyor or inspector to be appointed or employed by virtue of this act, who shall not have attended as a commissioner at one public meeting of the said commissioners within six calendar months next before such removal or appointment.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause proper books to be provided and kept, in which they shall, either by'lhem-selves or by their clerk for the time being, make or cause fair and regular entries to be made of the several meetings held in pursuance of this act, and of the names of the commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the nomination of all officers and persons to act in the execution of this act, and of all acts, orders, rules, resolutions, reports, proceedings, matters and tilings relative to the execution of this act, and also an account of all monies to be assessed or raised and to be received or made payable by virtue heieof, and of the payment and application of the same, and of all contracts made by any person or persons by virtue or in pursuance of this act: and the chairman of each meeting and the clerk of the said commissioners shall each subscribe and sign his name at the foot of the entry of the proceedings thereat, and all entries in the said books so signed shall be admitted as evidence in any court whatever in all causes, suits or actions, and upon all occasions whatsoever, touching any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this act; and such books shall be kept by the clerk for the time being to the said commissioners, or by such other person or persons and at such place as the said commissioners shall direct, and the same shall respectively at all convenient and reasonable times be open and liable to the inspection of the said commissioners, and of all persons rated and assessed for the purposes of this act, or otherwise affected thereby, without fee or reward.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the name of their clerk for the time being, and that all actions or suits that it may be necessary or expedient to bring for the recovery of any penalty or sum of money due or payable by virtue of this act, ot for or in respect of any matter or thing relating to this act, shall be brought in the name of the said clerk; and that no action or suit which may be brought, commenced or prosecuted by or against such commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this act in the name of their clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by his death, suspension or removal, or by any act or default of such clerk done or suffered without the consent or direction of the said commissioners; but the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being shall be always deemed plaintiff or defendant in every such action ot suit, as the case may be.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such clerk, in whose name any action or suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the monies to arise by virtue of this act, all such costs, charges and expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made plaintiff or defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the payment of the same or any part of them; unless such action or suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful neglect or default, or have been brought or commenced or be defended without the order or direction of the said commissioners.

P

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Commissioners not to vote for the Removal or Appointment of Officer *, unlew they have acted as Commissioners within six months.

Books to be kept of Proceedings.

Actions to be in the name of the Clerk,

Who shall be reimbursed his Ex peaces.

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. [Part III.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Comm itt; one rt to take Security from every Officer for the hue execution of his Office.

Collectors not to h»e more than twenty Found* in their hands at a time on Fcualty of ten Shillings per diem;

To deliver proper Accounts.

Balance of Accounts lobs levied by Warrant of Distress.

Officer refusing to deliver up papers, may be committed to prison.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take security from every such treasurer, clerk, surveyor, collector, inspector and other officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, for the due execution of their respective offices or duties as the said commissioners shall think proper; and every person who is hereby made liable to pay the several rates or assessments hereby directed and required to be raised and levied, or to pay any sum of moiiey which is directed by this act to be applied to the purposes thereof, shall and they arc hereby required to pay the same to such collector or other persons as shall be so appointed to collect and receive the same in pursuance of this act; which collector or collectors or other persons shall, when and so often as the money to be collected and received by him shall amount to the sum of twenty pounds, pay the same into the hands of the treasurer for the time being of the said commissioners; and if any such collector or collectors or other person or persons shall retain in his or their hands more than the sum of twenty pounds, he or they so retaining the same shall forfeit to the said commissioners any sum not exceeding ten shillings per day for every twenty pounds collec ted and retained, and so after the same rate for every less sum than twenty pounds, for every day beyond the time wheu the same was so collected and ought to be paid to the treasurer as aforesaid; and all such officers and persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall upon demand, at such time and times and in such mam.er as the said commissioners shall direct, deliver to such commissioners or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect accounts in writing, signed by them, of all monies, matters, and things received and committed to their charge by virtue and for the purposes of this act, and how much of the said monies shall have been paid and disbursed and for what purposes, together with the proper vouchers for such payments, and also the books, papers and writings in their respective custody or power relating to the proceedings to be had under this act, and shall pay all such monies as shall appear upon the balance of their accounts to be due, to the treasurer to be appointed as aforesaid, or to such person or persons and at such time and place as the said commissioners shall appoint, and every such officer and person so ao-counting as aforesaid shall, if required by the said commissioners or any five or more of them, upon oath (or affirmation, being a quaker) verify such accounts; and in case he shall not so account for the space of eight days after being thereunto required as aforesaid, and on complaint being made by the said commissioners, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint to make such complaint, of any such default as aforesaid to any justice of the peace for the county or place wherein the party making default shall reside or be, such justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said officer or officers, person or persons so making or having made default to be brought before him, and upon his, her or their appearing or not appearing (except for some reasonable excuse) to hear and determine the matter of complaint in a summary way: and if upon confession of the party, or by the testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath (or affirmation, being a quaker,) it shall appear to such justice that any of the monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this act shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons, or unaccounted for, then such justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order the payment thereof, and of any penalty not exceeding the sum of five pounds to be incurred by reason of the detention thereof; and upon non-payment thereof to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively so making default as aforesaid: and if no goods or chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the money so unpaid or detained and the penalty in respect thereof, and the charges of distraining and selling the same, and the other expences attending the requiring or compelling such payment as aforesaid, or in case of refusal to account as aforesaid, or that it shall appear to such justice by the confession of the party so offending or making default as aforesaid, or by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, that any books, papers or writings relating to the execution of this act, or to the proceedings to be had under the same, shall be in the custody or power of

Class I.]

Watfhmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

any such officer or person and he shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid; then and in any of the cases aforesaid such justice shall commit every such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place where such offender shall reside or be, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall give or make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said commissioners and shall have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint, or until such person shall have delivered up such books, papers and writings as aforesaid, cr given satisfaction in respect thereof; provided always, that no person who shall be committed for want of sufficient distress shall be kept or detained in prison for a longer space of time than six calendar months.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector or receiver, or other person employed by the said commissioners, who shall have received any sura of money by virtue of or for the purposes of this act, shall die before he or they shall have paid and satisfied all the money so received by him, then and in every such case the executors or administrators, executrixes or administratrixes, or other person or persons possessing the estate and effects of every such person so dying shall be liable to pay and make good all such sums of money by such collector or receiver or other person *o received and not paid, and the same shall be recoverable by action or suit in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster against such executors or administrators, executrixes or administratrixes, person or persons as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be appointed clerk, treasurer, assessor, collector, receiver, surveyor or inspector, or any other officer or servant who shall be in anywise employed in putting this act or any of the powers thereof in execution, shall exact, take or accept any fee, profit or reward whatsoever, other than such salaries, allowances and rewards as shall be appointed, allowed and approved of by the said commissioners, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by *virtue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to putting the same in execution, or shall directly or indirectly be concerned or interested in any sale, purchase, bargain, or contract made or to be made by or by the order of the commissioners for the putting this act in execution, unless with the consent or approbation of such commissioners; every such person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed in any manner under this act, and shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such scavenger, rakers, cleansers and lighters of lamps, watchmen, or such other officer or officers, deputies and assistants, as well for the due execution of this act as for the due execution of the powers and authorities of all or any of the said recited acts, or such of the powers and authorities therein contained as are not hereby actually or virtually altered, repealed or amended (except such assessors, surveyors and collectors or other officers as are otherwise directed to be appointed and chosen by the said last-mentioned acts, and have been usually appointed and chosen under and by virtue of the same,) shall be from time to time nominated and appointed by the said commissioners; but all and every such watchmen shall and may from time to time be removed, suspended or displaced by and at the will and pleasure of the mayor of the said town for the time being; whereof he shall give notice to the clerk of the said commissioners or of the assessors acting under the said recited acts, in order to the nomination and appointment of some other person or persons in the place and stead of the person or persons so to be removed, suspended or displaced, which shall be done forthwith; and the person or persons so removed, suspended or displaced shall not be again nominated or appointed to the same or any other office under this act or the said recited acts, or any of them, without the consent and approbation of the mayor of the said town for the time being first had and obtained; and the wages or hire, gratuities, rewards or payments of all such scavengers, rakers, cleansers and lighters of lamps and watchmen, and of all and every other officer or officers, deputies and assistants, as are or shall be appointed hv virtue of this act, shall be ascertained, settled, awarded and ordered by the said commissioners, but shall be paid by the treasurer to the said commissioners by and out of the rates and assessments to be raised and levied under or by virtu *

115

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Balance of money received, amt not ptid over at the time of the* Receiver's death, tn be |>aitl l»v the Mxeeiitors of the deceased's Estate.

Penalty on Miners taking any Pea or Reward tmaidtv the Salary.

Scavengers, .Vc.

t be; i|»i»muled by the Commissioners, hut Watchmen to he under the cun. trout of the Mayor.

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. [Part III.

60 Geo. III. c. 41.

Division* or District*. Hull and Trippett.

Three Division* of Myton.

Bomber District

Middle District.

North District.

To be separately messed, and Accounts to be kept separate.

of this act, or by the treasurer of the assessors appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited acts, or any of them, at the case may be.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull and the liberty of Trippett, with the said ground and foreshore herein before described, shall for all the purposes of this act, so far as the same relate to or affect the same, be and be considered and taken as one and the same district or division, and separately assessed and charged to the expences occasioned or incurred under ot by virtue of this act and of obtaining the same; and the said liberty of Trippett shall be included in and be and form part and parcel of the North Ward of the said town, and shall be assessed in the same manner as and contribute with the said ward, and the said ground and foreshore shall be included in and be and form part and parcel of Humber Ward in the said town, and be in like manner assessed and contribute therewith, towards the expence and charge of cleansing, lighting and watching the said town, with the said liberty and ground and foreshore, in such manner as is mentioned and prescribed by the said recited acts and this act, or some or one of them, with respect to the said respective wards; and the assessors and other officers directed by the said recited acts, or any of them, to be appointed and chosen for the said town, shall henceforth from time to time and at all times hereafter be elected and appointed by and for the said wards according to the above description thereof; and in all places where the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull shall be named or referred to in and by this act, the same shall for the purposes of this act be deemed and construed to comprehend and include therein the said ground and foreshore.

XXI. And be it farther enacted, That the said lordship or precinct of Myton shall for the purposes of this act be and be considered as divided into three distinct and separate districts or divisions as hereinafter described, that is to say; that part of the said lordship or precinct which lies between the river Humber and Patrick Ground Lane, and from the west end of the said lane, in a direct line westward, through the lands of Thomas Goulton, esquire, and Robert Carlile Broadley, esquire, to Wold Ings at the extremity of the said lordship, and extending eastward along the Gallows Lane to the foot road behind Nile-Street, and thence by Castle-Row and the gaol to Myton Gates, and the messuages, ground and premises on the south side of and to the middle of the streets or roads forming the said several boundaries on or towards the north, shall be and be called the first division or Humber district; that part of the said lordship or precinct which lies between Patrick Ground Lane and the Anlaby Road, northward of the said first division or Humber district, extending from Carr-Lane by Engine-Street and the water works to the dock company1* ground between White-friargate and Mytongate, and the messuages and ground on the south side thereof and to the middle of the several streets or roads forming the said last mentioned boundaries, shall be and be called the second division or middle district; and the remainder of the said lordship or precinct lying between the Anlaby road and Spring Ditch, including the Bowling Green and Waltham-Street, shall be and be called the third division or north district; and each of the said divisions or districts shall be separately assessed and charged to the expences to be occasioned or incurred under or by virtue of this act and of obtaining the same, and distinct and separate accounts shall be made and kept of the funds or assessments of each of the said divisions or districts; and after the expences of obtaining this act shall be fully paid, the fund or assessment of each of the said divisions shall be exclusively applicable to the purposes and occasions of such division or district only, except where the same is hereby otherwise directed, and subject to such provisions or regulations as are hereinafter expressed and contained with respect to the several assessments of each of such districts respectively, and provided, that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, when and as they shall see occasion, to advance or transfer to the account of any of the said divisions or districts, as or by way of loan thereto, any part of the assessment or fund of or belonging to or raised within any other of the said divisions or districts, for supplying or answering the purposes or occasions whereof more than sufficient shall appear to have been raised or levied; and which shall be a debt charged upon and to

Class 1.]

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

117

be reimbursed by and out of the future assessments to be raised and levied for and in the division or district to which the same shall be advanced.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of raising monies to support and defray the expences of obtaining and procuring this act and for the purposes thereof, so far as the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull and the said liberty of Trippett are intended to be hereby comprised or included in or affected thereby, it shall be lawful for the assessors to be from time to time elected and appointed as aforesaid by such and the same ways and means as in and by the said acts, or any of them, are directed and provided with respect to the said town for the lighting and cleansing thereof as aforesaid, to raise, levy and assess upon the owners of houses, lands and tenements in the said town and liberty in the same manner and with the like provisions (except where the same are hereby actually or virtually altered, repealed or amended) as in the said recited acts are directed and contained, all such sum and sums of money as shall be requisite and necessary for the purposes of this act, so as the rate or proportion of the assessments to be laid and raised for the same do not exceed one shilling and sixpence in the pound (including the rate or proportion of assessment by the said recited acts or any of them granted or allowed) upon the annual worth and value of such houses, lands or tenements, with such and the same powers and authorities, and all and every of the articles, rules, clauses, matters and things In the said several recited acts, any or either of them contained or thereby referred to, where the same are or is not contrary to the provisions in this act contained, shall be in full force and effect, and shall be duly observed, practised and put in execution for assessing and collecting the said sum and sums of money by this act granted for the purposes thereof, as to the said town and liberty, and for imposing, levying, recovering and mitigating fines, penalties and forfeitures, and for appealing, and doing all other acts, matters and things relative to the premises and consistently therewith, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were or was specially repeated or re-enacted in the body of this act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the mayor and recorder of the said town for the time being and any one or more of the aldermen thereof, that the said assessors or any person or persons to be appointed by or acting in the execution of the said recited acts or any of them, or of this act, with respect to the said town and liberty, that any gross or wilful default, neglect or deficiency shall be made or suffered by them, or any of them, in the execution thereof for all or any of the purposes of the same acts respectively, or that the same can or may be more fully and effectually answered and promoted by any other ways and means, or in any other manner than by such assessors or other persons are or shall be used, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, recorder and alderman or aldermen to cause such assessors or persons to be summoned before them, and to hear and determine such matter in a summary manner, and to give such order and direction in writing in the premises as to them shall seem fit, and which order and direction shall be binding and obligatory upon such assessors and other persons, to all intents and purposes, as if the subject thereof was hereby especially provided for; and upon every neglect and omission after such order and direction given in the matter or thing thereby ordered and directed, the said assessors or other persons offending or neglecting shall forfeit and pay for every offence any sum not exceeding five pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners at any of their meetings to be held by virtue of this act shall and they are hereby required within one calendar month after the said first day of June next, and yearly and every year on the first day of June, to ascertain and determine what sum or sums of money it will be necessary to assess and raise for the purposes of this act within and upon each of the said divisions or districts of the said lordship or precinct of Myton for one year then next following, and to certify the same in writing, signed by the clerk of the raid commissioners for the time being, to the mayor and aldermen of the said town on the said first day of June; and the mayor and any three or more of the said aldermen are hereby empowered, if they are satisfied that the sum or sums so certified is or are necessary for the purposes of this act, but not otherwise, thereupon to order and appoint such sum and sums of

Mode of Awen-mnit for the To\m and Trippett.

Mayor, Recorder and one Alderman to controul Amemon appointed by former Acts.

Amearnnent* for

Myton.

Comrniaaionera to certify the Sum* neceawry for each District annually to the Juaticea in Scaaioua.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

[Part 111.

If Collector# iwrfl the Rates improperly, Comm i*s kiiiers may amend or alter the old Rate#.

Succeeding Collector# may collect Arrears.

What Rates to be paid by Landlord or Tenant.

money so certified to them as aforesaid, or any less sum or sums which they shall think proper, to be raised and levied by a fair and equal taxation of all lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments whatsoever within each of the said divisions or districts of the said lordship or precinct which shall be deemed to be benefited by the several purposes of this act (and the liability whereof to pay and contribute towards the sum to be so raided for such purposes respectively shall be ascertained and settled as hereinalter mentioned,) according to the respective annual worth and value of such lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments, so as that the rate or assessment to be so raised and levied thereupon do not exceed the yearly sum of one shilling and sixpence in the pound upon the annual rent or value thereof; and the said mayor and aldermen are hereby authorized and required by warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any three or more of them, to empower and direct the collector and collectors to be appointed by the said commissioners within each of the said divisions or districts, indifferently to proportion out the sum or sums of money so to be raised and assessed by and upon each division or district of the said lordship or precinct, and to rate, assess, demand, collect and receive the same upon and from the proprietors or occupiers of lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments in each such district or division which shall be so respectively benefited accordingly; which said sum and sums of money and every or any part thereof, when paid into the hands of the treasurer under this act, shall by the said commissioners, so assembled as by this act is directed, be laid out and expended from time to time as they shall judge necessary for the several purposes of this act for which the same shall be raised and levied respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if such collector or collectors shall at any time or times hereafter, in any rates or assessments by him or them to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any person or persons liable to pay or to be charged with such rates or assessments, or shall in such assessments under-rate any such person or persons liable to pay such rates or assessment; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to rate and assess in the said rates or assessments such person or persons so omitted to be rated or under-rated, or amend such rates or assessments as aforesaid in such manner as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and the said commissioners shall and may and they are hereby empowered to strike out the name or names of any person or persons whom they shall determine not to be liable to the payment of the rates thereby directed to be made; and that all such additions to or alterations in the old or former rates or assessments shall be valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been part of the original or old or former rates or assessments; due regard being had by the said commissioners to the assessments for the relief of the poor of the united parishes of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary in the said town, with regard to the said lordship or precinct for the current year, hut which shall not therefore be binding or conclusive upon the said commissioners in respect to such additional alterations; and the governor, deputy governor, assistants and guardians of the poor in the said town, and the churchwardens of the said united parishes, and the overseers and collectors of the rates or assessments for the relief of the poor within the same respectively, and every of them are and is hereby directed to produce the said assessments to the said commissioners whenever they shall be required so to do.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay to the said collector or collectors as aforesaid, any sum or sums of money upon him or them respectively rated or assessed under and by virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for any of the succeeding or future collector or collectors to collect and levy such arrears; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to excuse or discharge any former collector or collectors from any distress, penalty or punishment to which he or they may be liable by virtue of this or any other act for any such refusal or neglect of duty as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the rates or assessments to be made and raised by virtue of this act as shall be so raised for paving, flagging and draining the said lordship or product of Myton shall

Class I.] Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. 119

be borne or allowed by the respective landholders or proprietors; and so much of the said rates or assessments as shall be raised for lighting, cleansing and watching the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, and the expence of obtaining this act, shall be borne by the respective tenants or occupiers of the lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments to be rated and assessed by virtue of this act or the said recited acts; but that all such rates or assessments shall from time to time be paid to the said collector or collectors by the respective tenants or occupiers of the said I aids, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments, and all such tenants or occupiers shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain out of their respective rents such sums of money as they Miall respectively pay as aforesaid for and on the behalf of their respective landlords; and all such landlords are hereby respectively required to allow such deductions and payments upon receipt of their respective rents.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the tenant or occupier of any lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments upon or in respect of which any rate or assessment shall be charged or imposed by virtue of this act or the said recited acts, or any of them, or any other person or persons whomsoever liable to pay the same, shall at any time neglect or refuse to pay the rates or sums of money, which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, for the space of twenty days after the same shall be due, and demand made thereof by notice in writing under the hand or hands of the collector or collectors of the said rates, to be delivered to such tenant or occupier or other person or persons, or left at his, her or their dwelling-house or usual or last place of abode or at the tenement occupied, then, upon proof thereof upon oath (or alfirmation, being a quaker) before any justice of the said town and county, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such tenant or occupier by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice; rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand, after deducting the sum or sums due in respect of such rates or assessments and all charges and expences attending the recovery thereof, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any person shall remove from or quit any lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this act or the said recited acts, or any of them, such person shall be liable to pay such rates or assessments in proportion to the time that be or she occupied the same, in like manner as if such person had not removed or quitted the same; and id all cases where any person shall come into or occupy any such lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments as aforesaid, out of or from which any other person who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall be removed, or which at the time of making any such rate or assessment was or were empty or uooccupied, the same shall, for and in respect of his, her or their occupation thereof, be liable to any such rate or assessment in proportion to the time that he or she shall occupy the same, in the same manner as if he or she had been originally rated or assessed to such lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments; which said respective proportions, in case of dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said commissioners in such manner as they shall judge reasonable; and in case any person, who having been so rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall quit his or her lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments before be or she shall have paid such rate or rates or proportionable part or parts thereof by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said collector or collectors, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the said town and county, or for the city, riding, division, liberty, town or place where such person shall remove to or reside or be, or where any goods or chattels of such person shall be found (which warrant such justice is hereby required to grant upon proof made of the sum so due before him upon oath of a credible witness, or affirmation being a quaker,) to levy such rate or rates, or proportionable part or parts thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person, rendering the overplus and the goods and chattels remaining (if any) upon demand, after payment of the money due in respect of such unpaid rate or rates, or proportionable part or parts, and all expences attend-

50 Geo. HI. c. 41.

If Tenants refuse to pay Rates, same to be raised by Distress and Sale under a Justice's Warrant.

How Rates to be paid, by TenauU quitting, or eutering.

Persons removing and not paying their proportion of Rales, same may be levied.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Manner of recovery when Houses occupied in different Apartment*.

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

[Part III.

Cottages, &c. rated together at six Pounds or upwards, to be considered as one Cottage.

Lessees for long Terms of years and Tenants for Life to be coo. sidcred as Land, lords for the purposes of this Act

Exemptions from Rates.

Persons occupying Tenements of less Rent than 6£. per Annum:

Not paying Poor Rates.

Dock Company exempted from Rates.

ing the recovery thereof, unto the person or persons whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and sold.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any house or tenement shall be set, let or occupied in different apartments, rooms or lodgings to or by distinct or separate families, lodgers or inmates, the rates or duties payable in respect thereof shall be charged upon the landlord or owner of such house or tenement, and not upon the occupier or occupiers; and if the landlord or owner thereof shall not reside in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, or within the county of the said town, or shall not have sufficient goods whereon the same may be levied, on nonpayment of any such rate or assessment, the same shall and may be levied upon and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the inhabitants or occupiers of such house or tenement, in such and the like manner as the other rates and assessments are hereby appointed to be levied and recovered of and from the inhabitant or occupier of any entire house or tenement; and it shall and may be lawful for any of such inhabitants or occupiers, who shall he so as aforesaid compelled to pay any such rate or assessment, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be so assessed, and to deduct out of the rent of such apartments, rooms or lodgings such payments as the landlords and owners have been charged with; and the said landlords and owners both mediate and immediate, according to their respective interests, are hereby required to allow such payments upon receipt of the residue of the rents, and every such inhabitant and occupier shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as the said assessment or assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had.actually been paid unto such landlords or owners; provided always, that no such inhabitant or occupier shall at any time he required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater sum for or towards the discharge of any such rate or assessment, or any arrears thereof, than the amount of the rent actually due or payable by such inhabitant or occupier to the landlord or landlords, owner or owners, lessee or lessees of the premises so occupied by him or her.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any person shall hold or occupy different cottages, dwelling-houses or buildings, or different houses or buildings belonging to one or more person or persons, which together shall he rated or assessed at the sum of six pounds or upwards, the same shall be considered as one distinct cottage, dwelling-house or building, any thing in the said recited acts or this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every persons and person who are or is or shall be possessed of or interested in any lands, houses, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, liable to be rated or assessed by or under this act, for any term or terms of years not being less than twenty-one years from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and five, or for the term of three lives at the least then in being, or who are, or is, or shall be tenants or tenant for life of any such lands, houses, buildings, tenements ot hereditaments, shall be deemed and considered as the landlords or proprietors, landlord or proprietor thereof for all the residue of such terms or other estates for all or any of the purposes of this act.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be rated or pay the rates or assessments which shall be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act or the said recited acts, or any of them, who shall occupy a house or houses, building or buildings, or part of any house or building within the said lordship or precinct, which in the whole shall be of less than the yearly value of six pounds; and no rate or assessment shall by virtue of this act or the said recited acts be charged or made payable by any person who, by reason of his or her own poverty only, is or shall he excused from paying any rate made for the relief of the poor.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That neither the dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull, nor any person or persons whomsoever, shall he rated or pay the rates or assessments which shall be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, for or in respect of any houses, warehouses, shops, cellars, vaults, stables, coach-houses, brewhouses, granaries, malthouses or other buildings, lands and premises, situate in such part of the lordship or precinct of Myton aforesaid, as now belong* to the said dock company, nor for or in respect of all or any of the dues and payments of or belonging to the said dock company.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or make liable the owners or occupiers of any of the dwelling-houses, warehouses, buildings.lands, tenements or hereditaments in Trippett aforesaid, which adjoin on any streets or places at present cleansed and lighted by or at the expence of the said dock company to or with the payment of any rates or assessments to be made by virtue of this act for lighting or cleansing, so long as such streets or places shall be effectually lighted and cleansed by the said dock company.

XXXVI. And whereas the said dock company, at their own proper costs and charges, light, watch and cleanse the legal quay at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and the ground lying between the same and the dwelling-houses, warehouses, lands and hereditaments of or belonging to the said dock company, situate on the south side of or contiguous to the said quay; Be it therefore further enacted, That neither the said dock company nor any of the tenants or occupiers of the said dwelling-houses, warehouses* lands or hereditaments, shall be subject or liable to the payment of any rates or assessments to be laid, raised or levied by virtue of this act, or of any of the said recited acts, during such time or times as the said dock company, their successors, tenants or occupiers, shall effectually light, watch and cleanse the said quay and ground.

XXXVII. And, to the end that the said commissioners may be enabled to execute the purposes of this act in the most expeditious manner, Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby empowered, with the previous consent, approbation and allowance of the mayor and aldermen of the said town in common council assembled, from time to time as often as to them it shall seem necessary for the several purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said lordship or precinct of Myton, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering and removing the public drains and common sewers within the same, or for any of them, to borrow and take up at interest any sum or sums of money, not exceeding three thousand pounds, upon the credit of the several rates or assessments to be made and payable within the said lordship or precinct for the said purposes by virtue of this act; and by any writing or writings signed by them the said commissioners, or any five of them, to mortgage or assign the said rates or assessments to any such person or persons who shall advance or lend such sum or sums of money thereon, as a security or securities for such sum or sums so borrowed, together with legal or lower interest for the same, which interest shall be payable and paid half yearly by the treasurer of the said commissioners out of the monies to arise by or from the said several rates or assessments; and every such mortgage or assignment shall be in the words or to the effect following (that is to say:)

By virtue of an act, passed in the fiftieth year of the reign of his porm of Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the title of this Mortgage.

acf] we

being five of the commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of the said act, in consideration of the sura of this day

advanced and lent by A. B. upon the credit and for the purposes of the said act, do, by and with the previous consent, approbation and allowance of the mayor and aldermen of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in common council assembled (testified by their common seal hereunto set and affixed,) grant, bargain, sell and demise unto the said A. B. his or her executors, administrators and assigns, such proportion of the rates and assessments arising by virtue of the said act as the said sum of doth or

shall bear to the whole sum which may at any time be borrowed or

become due and owing or charged upon the credit of the rates and assessments granted or directed to be granted by the said act; to be had and holden from this day of in the year

until the said sum of with

interest at per centum per annum for the same shall be

9

50 Geo. HI. c. 41.

Inhabitants of Trippett not liable to be aasesi ed for Lamps and Scavengers.

Dock Company to light fee. the South Side of the Old Dock.

Commissi oners empowered to borrow 3,000£. on the Credit of the Rates.

60 Geo. III. e. 41.

Money may be borrowed on Annuity or Tontine.

Form of the Grant

Clark of the mid CwmMmn

* repaid and satisfied. In witness whereof we have hereunto set onr hands and seals, the day of In the year of oar

" Lord

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That in case the said commissioners or any five or more of them shall think it advisable to raise all or any part of the money necessary for the purposes of this act by the granting of annuities for lives, or by way of tontine or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners or any five or more of them, by and with the like previous consent, approbation and allowance of the said mayor and aldermen in common council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by writing under their respective hands and seals, to grant annuities for lives, or by way of tontine or otherwise, to any person or persons who shall advance and pay into the hands of the treasurer to the said commissioners any sum or sums of money for the absolute purchase thereof, such annuities to be paid and payable during the natural life of every such purchaser, or the natural life of such person as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such purchaser at the time of the payment of his or her purchase money; or in case the money so borrowed shall be raised by way of tontine, then daring the natural life of the longest liver of such annuitants; so as that no such annuity do exceed the rate of ten pounds for one hundred pounds for a year, and so that the whole money to be raised upon mortgage and by the granting of annuities, or by way of tontine ot otherwise as aforesaid, do not exceed the sum of one thousand pounds; and the grant of every such annuity shall be in the words or to the effect following (videlicet; )

" We being five of the commissioners

" appointed by or in pursuance of an act, made in the fiftieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the title of this act] in consideration of the sum of

" this day paid by C. D. of to E. F. the treasurer

appointed in pursuance of the said act, do, by and with the previous consent, approbation and allowance of the mayor and aldermen of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull in common council assembled (testified by their common seal hereunto set and affixed,) hereby grant unto the said C. D. his [or, her] executors, administrators and assigns, an annuity or yearly sum of out of the

said rates and assessments granted or arising by virtue of the said act, which annuity or yearly sum of shall be

paid to the said C. D. his [or, her] executors, administrators and assigns, at upon the

day of and the day of in

every year during the natural life of and the

first payment thereof shall be made upon the day

of next ensuing the date of these presents. In witness

whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals, the day of in the year of our Lord

XXXIX. And every such grant shall be good, valid and effectual in the law, without any enrolment or registry of the memorial thereof; and every annuity, so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon and shall be payable and paid out of the said rates and assessments during the term of the natural life of the person for whose life such annuity shall be granted; and every such annuity, and also the interest arising on every mortgage or assignment to be made of the said rates and assessments by virtue of this act as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by the treasurer for the time being to the said commissioners by equal half-yearly payments, the first payment thereof respectively to be made at the expiration of six calendar months next after the date of the respective securities for the same; and all such persons to whom such mortgages, assignments or grants shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money, annuity or interest thereby secured, shall in proportion to the sum of money, annuity or interest therein respectively mentioned, be creditors on the said rates and assessments equally one with another, without any preference in respect of the priority of advancing any such money, or the date of any such mortgage, assignment or grant.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the clerk to the said commissioners shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a book or books to be by him for that

Cliae I.] Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers. 123

purpose provided and kept, all securities for money borrowed by virtue or 60 Geo. Ilf. in pursuance of this act, and all assignments or transfers thereof, expressing 4 j

in words at length the names, additions, places of abode and other descriptions of all and every such person and persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such securities, and the sum or sums received upon the same; to enter all s<»cu-to which book or books the person and persons entitled to and possessed of ritie» m a Hook such securities, and all and every the persons and person liable to the pay- j for jnent of the said rates or assessments, shall at all seasonable times have ac- 1 PurPc, ie* cess, with free liberty to inspect the same without fee or reward.

XLT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies so to Money borrowed be raised, borrowed, and taken up shall be divided and apportioned by the to be prof *, said commissioners to and for the use of, and to be paid and reimbursed ac- 00 the

cordiDgly by each of the districts or divisions separately, as hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect to the rates and assessments to be raised in and for the same district or division, or the loans and advancements to be made by or to the same respectively as aforesaid, but so as not to affect, lessen or impeach the security of the person or persons advancing the same with respect to the whole of the rates and assessments to be raised for the said lordship or precinct collectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person Person* entitled or persons entitled to any of the securities aforesaid, and his, her or their 10 Seryntiesmsy executors, administrators or assigns, at any time or times to assign or Endorsement, transfer the same by endorsement in writing under his, her or their hand or hands respectively on the back thereof to any person or persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and all such assignments or transfers, after they shall have been so made and entered by the clerk to the said commissioners in manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without fee or reward,) shall entitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her or their respective executors, administrators or assigns, to the benefit of the securities.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and Watchmen, they are hereby required, at the first or some subsequent meeting or meet* ings to be held as aforesaid, to apportion the number of watchmen to be employed in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull and liberty of Trippett, and in each district of the said lordship or precinct of Myton, or such parts of the said lordship or precinct as shall be from time to time required to be watched by ten or more persons respectively occupying tenements within the same of the yearly rent of six pounds at the least, and as the said commissioners shall deem expedient, and from time to time to alter such apportionment and number of watchmen as shall be found most expedient for the purpose of appointing and regulating the watch as hereinafter mentioned; and each and every of the said watchmen shall be duly appointed and sworn to act, and shall, during the time they shall respectively be on duty in the night, act as constables, and each and every of them shall during such time have and be invested with the same powers and authorities as constables have by law; and the mayor of the said town for the time being, and one or more of the aldermen of the said town, shall and may make such orders and regulations and give such directions for the stationing and regulating the said watchmen, and the places, times and periods of their watch, as they shall from time to time think proper; and the said commissioners shall, by and out of the money to be raised in pursuance of this act, erect, hire, or otherwise provide in each of the said districts, and in such places as the mayor and one or more of the aldermen shall direct, proper watch-houses, watch-boxes or places for the reception of the said watchmen, and proper coats, lanthorns, arms, materials and things suitable for their respective offices, and proper and convenient rooms or other places of security wherein to lodge offenders until taken before a magistrate for examination: and all and every the said watchmen shall and they are hereby empowered and required to use his and their best endeavours to prevent mischief by fire, and also to prevent murder, burglaries and robberies, and other felonies and misdemeanors, and to secure and apprehend all malefactors and all disorderly and suspected persons, and to detain and safely keep every such person in any of the said watch-houses qr places to be provided as aforesaid, or to deliver such person without delay to the keeper of the house of correction of the said town of Kingstou-

* 0 Geo. in/ c. 41.

Watchmen not to gain Settle. meotJ as Con. tablet.

Penalty on Publicans or other Persons harbour-ing Watchmen.

Penalty on Watchmen off duty or drunk.

Comm faionera to ftx the number of Lamps.

upon-Hull, as the nature of the case or magnitude of the offence may seem to require, and which keeper of the said house of correction is hereby required to receive and take the charge of such person or persons until he, she or they can be taken (which shall be done as soon as conveniently may be) before some justice of the peace for the said town and county, to be examined and dealt with according to law; and in case any such watchmen shall be wounded or disabled in the execution of his ot their duty, the said commissioners shall give and order to be paid to him or them such gratuities or rewards in money as shall at any meeting of the said commissioners be thought proper,

XLIV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to adjudge or give to any person or persons, so to be appointed a watchman or watchmen as aforesaid, a settlement or settlements within the united parishes of the Holy Trinity and Saint Mary in the said town, in respect of his or their having been a constable or constables for the purposes of this act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any victualler, publican or other person selling spirituous or other liquors shall entertain or harbour in his, her or their house, habitation or shop any watchman to be appointed under this act, during any of the hours or times appointed for such watchmen to be on duty in virtue or in pursuance of this act, then every such victualler, publican or other person shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings for the first offence, and not exceeding forty shillings for the second offence, and not exceeding five pounds for the third and every other offence.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person to be appointed a watchman under this act shall be asleep, intoxicated, off duty, or from the station of his watch, or otherwise misbehave himself in the execution of his office, during the period for which he shall be directed and appointed to watch, it shall be lawful for any three or more of the said commissioners of the division or district to which he shall belong, without convening any meeting, by writing under their hands to discharge him from his office; and every such watchman so offending shall, on conviction thereof before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, forfeit any sum not exceeding five shillings for the first offence, not exceeding ten shillings for the second, and not exceeding twenty shillings for the third and every other offence, to be deducted from his wages or salary if any shall be due to him, or if none shall be due or in default of payment he shall be committed to prison for any term not exceeding one calendar month at the discretion of the justice before whom he shall be so convicted; and another person shall be appointed in his place or stead by the mayor of the said town for the time being.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to cause lamp-posts or lamp-irons to be put up or affixed into, upon, or against the ground adjoining to, or the walls or pallisadoes of any of the houses, tenements, or buildings already built, or hereafter to be built, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hullandthe liberty of Trippett aforesaid, and within such parts of the said lordship or precinct of Myton as noware or shall hereafter from time to time be built upon and occupied or inhabited, and shall be required to be lighted by ten or more householders respectively occupying tenements within the street, square, lane, way, passage, court or place, so intended to be lighted, of the annual rent of six pounds at the least, as they the said commissioners shall think proper and expedient; and also to cause such kind and number of lamps of such sixes and sorts to be provided and fixed or put upon such lamp-posts, and td cause the same when so provided and fixed, to be altered, taken down, or removed, and to alter the place and situation and manner of fixing, and to increase or diminish the number of lamps now erected and being in the said town, and to give such other orders and directions in the premises as they the said commissioners shall from time to time think proper for well and sufficiently lighting the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places within the said town and liberty, and such parts of the said lordship or precinct respectively as last aforesaid; and also to cause such lamps to be lighted at such time or times, and to be kept lighted

125

Class I.]

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

during the whole or such part of the night, and for the whole or so much and during such period of the year, as the mayor of the said town and one or more of the aldermen for the time being shall from time to time order and direct.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said commissioners shall have ascertained and settled the number of watchmen to be employed in the said town and liberty, and the wages or hire, gratuities, rewards or payments to be paid and given to such watchmen, and the number, situation and kind of lamps to be erected in the said town and liberty and the manner of fixing the same; and when and so often as they shall see cause to increase or diminish the number of such watchmen or of such lamps, or to vary, alter or regulate the mode of watching or the manner of lighting the said town and liberty; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners from time to time, at any of the meetings to be had under or by virtue of this act, so often as occasion shall require, by warrant under the hand of the chairman of the said meetings directed to the assessors for the time being appointed by and acting under and by virtue of the said recited acts or any of them, to specify the number and names of the watchmen to be from time to time so appointed in and for the said town and liberty, and the wages or hire, gratuities, rewards or payments to be paid and given to such watchmen, and the number, situation, kind and manner of fixing, placing and lighting the lamps in the said town and liberty, with such other particulars and directions in the premises as they shall think proper; and the said assessors are hereby required and enjoined, by and out of the assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of the said recited acts and of this act respectively in and for the said town and liberty, to pay to such watchmen the wages or hire, gratuities, rewards or payments from time to time ordered and directed to be paid to them by the said commissioners, at the times and in manner in the said warrant expressed, and to provide such kind and number of lamps, lamp-posts and lamp-irons, in such places and situations, and to cause the same to be lighted in such manner, and from time to time to vary, alter and regulate the number, situation, kind and manner of fixing, placing and lightingtbe lamps for the said town and liberty, as by the said commissioners shall be from time to time directed and appointed as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners from time to time, at any of the meetings to be had under or by virtue of this act, to contract and agree with any person or persons for such number and kind of lamps as shall be from time to time thought necessary to be fixed and set up in such parts of the said lordship or precinct of Myton as aforesaid, and for lamp-irons, posts, and other materials necessary or convenient for fixing the same from time to time, and for furnishing and providing the same lamps with all requisites, and for lighting, supporting, amending and repairing the same; and also with any person or persons to be and act as scavenger or scavengers within the said lordship or precinct of Myton to sweep and cleanse the same in an effectual manner, when and as often and at such times as the said commissioners shall from time to time appoint, and immediately after such sweeping, take and carry away the dirt, dust, dung, ashes and other filth thereby gathered and collected, according to the directions in this act contained; and the said commissioners are hereby directed, empowered and required to sell and dispose of the same when so gathered, cqjlected and deposited by public auction or private contract, and to apply the money arising therefrom to the purposes of this act: and also to contract and agree with any person or persons to make and furnish, and to repair and keep in good order one or more water-cart or water-carts, engine or engines, proper for watering such parts of the said town and liberty and lordship or precinct, as the said commissioners shall think fit; and also one or more fire-engine or fire-engines, together with a sufficient number of leathern buckets, and other matters and thingi relating thereto, as the raid commissioners shall think proper: and to purchase, lease or otherwise agree for a proper and convenient place or places for keeping the said water-cart or water-carts, fire-engine or fire-engines and buckets, and other things relating thereto.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every contracts and contract which shall be entered into by the said commissioners

50 Geo. 1U. c. 41.

Assessors to obey the Coromia. nonets* Warrant for payment of Watchmen and manner of Lighting.

Commianoner* may contract for fighting in

For Scavengers.

For Water-carta, Fire-engines and other Necessaries.

Contracts fos lighting, ke. to

Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers.

[part 111.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

be pursuant to the )>roviiuous of this A« t, and with the appro, bation of the Mayor and one Alderman, and

under or by virtue of tbit act, or by the assessors appointed under and by virtue of the said recited acts, to, or with any person or persons for the lighting, sweeping and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public places, courts and passages of the said town and liberty and lordship or precinct respectively, shall be agreeable to the directions and provisions in this act contained, and with the approbation of the mayor and one alderman Of the said town first obtained; and that in every such contract a clause, stipulation or agreement shall be inserted and contained, whereby the treasurer or treasurers of the said commissioners or assessors shall be authorized and empowered to retain in his or their hands respectively one-

Penalty on Contractors for Neglect.

part of num to be fourth part at least of the gross amount of the sum or sums for which such E'neJnlv the contractor or contractors shall have agreed to perform and execute the same. Treasurer, until until such contract or contracts shall be fully performed.

Contract com- LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or

pleted. persons entering into or engaging in any contract with the said commissioners under or by virtue of this act, or with the assessors for the said town and liberty under and by virtue of the same or of the said recited act* respectively, for lighting any of the lamps within the said town and liberty and lordship or precinct, or for sweeping and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places within the same respectively, shall altogether omit or neglect to light, or shall not light at the time appointed or in a proper and sufficient manner any of such lamps, or not sweep and cleanse the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places in a proper and sufficient manner when as often and according to the terms of his said contract, or shall in any other manner omit or neglect to perform, execute and fulfil the conditions of his said contract, according to the true tenor and meaning thereof, and of this and the said recited acts respectively, such person and persons shall for each and every such neglect or ommission as aforesaid (unless the same shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the mayor of the said town, or any one or more of the aldermen, to have happened by some unforeseen or unavoidable accident)pay and forfeit a sum not exceeding five shillings for every lamp so omitted to be lighted, and twenty shillings for every neglect or omission in the sweeping and cleansing of any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places; and that it shall be lawful for the said mayor or aldermen, before whom such penalty shall be recovered, to order and direct any sum of money, not exceeding one quarter of the penalty, to be paid and applied to the use of such person as shall inform or prosecute in that behalf.

LII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent the said commissioners or assessors respectively from commencing and prosecuting any action or actions at law against any such contractors or contractor for or in respect of any breach of contract or covenant, so as such action or actions be not brought or commenced for or in respect of any particular breach of contract or covenant for which such contractor or contractors shall have been proceeded against as aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully CrtlTuiiy breaking take away, throw down, break or damage any lamp that now is or here-Lsmps, &c. after shall be set up for lighting any of the said squares, streets, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places in the said town and liberty and lordship or precinct, or shall wilfully extinguish the light or lights within the same, or damage the iron posts or other furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever who shall tee any of such offences committed to seize, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing, the offender or offenders, and by the authority of this and the said recited acts, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her or them and to deliver him, her or them to the custody of the watchmen or a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some justice of the peace of and for the said town and county, who shall proceed to examine upon oath (or being one of the persons commonly called quakers, upon affirmation) any credible witness or witnesses appearing or produced before him to give information touching any of the said offences; and if it shall happen that the party or parties accused shall be convicted of any of the said offences, either by his, her or their own confession, or upon the oath or oaths, affirmation or affirmations

Bat not to preclude the Corn-lAinioner* from Actions ugaiust Con tree tots.

Penalty for

Class 1.] Watchmen, Lamps and Scavengers, 127

of any soch witness or witnesses as aforesaid, then he, she or they being* so convicted shall forfeit and pay any sum of money, not exceeding forty shillings, for each and every of such lamps so taken away, thrown down, broken or damaged, or for every light so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full satisfaction to the said commissioners, or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the loss or damage so by him, her or them done or occasioned as aforesaid; and in case such offender or offenders shall not on conviction pay the said sum or sums so by him, her or them forfeited, and make such satisfaction as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace aforesaid, and he is hereby required to commit the said offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the said town and county, there to be kept to hard labour for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month, and such offender or offenders shall not be discharged from thence before the expiration of the time for which he, she or they shall be so committed, unless such forfeiture or forfeitures and satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall carelessly and accidentally throw down, break or damage any of the said lamps so set up, or hereafter to be set up as aforesaid, or the irons, posts or other furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon demand for that purpose made by any person or persons who shall see such damage done, make satisfaction for the same, it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever who shall see the said damage done to seize, as also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing, the person or persons doing such damage, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey, him, her or them to the custody of the watchman or a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some justice of the peace of and for the said town and county; or in case the said person or persons so doing such damage shall not be immediately seized and taken, it shall be lawful for any such justice of the peace as aforesaid to summon him, her or them to appear before him, and to proceed to examine upon oath or affirmation any one or more credible witness or witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such damage, and upon proof so made thereof, either in the presence of the said person or persons so doing such damage, or in his, her or their absence, provided he, she, or they bath or have been so summoned as aforesaid and doth or do not appear, to award such sum or sums of money by way of satisfaction for such damage as such justice shall think reasonable; and in case of the refusal or neglect of such person or persons to pay the said sum or sums of money so awarded, upon demand made for that purpose, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale, and after discharging the said sum or sums of money so awarded, together with the costs and charges attending the said distress and sale, the surplus shall be paid to him, her or them respectively; and in case the person or persons so doing such damage shall have no goods and chattels within the said town and county, and shall upon demand made of such sum or sums of money, refuse or omit to pay the same, such justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the gaol or house of correction of the said town and county for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month, and such person or persons so committed shall not be discharged from thence before the expiration of the time for which he, she or they shall have been so committed, unless the said sum or sums so awarded as aforesaid shall be sooner paid.

LV. And whereas several of the squares, streets, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places which have within a few years last past been newly laid out in the said lordship or precinct of My ton have been paved in a partial manner by some of the owners or lessees of buildings and grounds therein, whilst other owners of buildings and grounds in the same have omitted to pave their proportion, and others of the said squares, streets, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places, not being public highways nor repaired by the public highway act, by means whereof and the narrowness and bad state of the repairs of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places, not only difficulty and danger attend the passing of persons, carts and carriages, through the same, but also, from the stagnant waters and filth therein, the same are nuisances

50 Geo. 111. c. 41.

Accidental

Damage.

Streets in Mytoa to be properly paved, flic.

128

Paving Streets, &c. in Myton.

[Part III.

60 Geo. III. and may materially affect the health of the inhabitants thereof; and in

order that the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places already made or built, as well as such as are now making or building and may be hereafter made or built, within the said lordship or precinct of Myton, and through and over which a dereliction of the way to the public shall have been made by the proprietor or owner may be properly flagged, paved, and cleansed, and that all annoyances, obstructions, nuisances, and encroachments therein may be removed, and the present and future drains, sinks, gutters, and watercourses for conveying the water and filth out of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places into the common sewers or drains may be amended, repaired, cleansed, altered, and scoured, and new ones (if necessary) be made in such manner as the said commissioners shall think proper; Be it therefore further enacted, That all and every owner and owners, occupier and occupiers (such occupiers to be reimbursed by the owners) of houses, buildings, ground or land, within any of the said divisions or districts of the said lordship or precinct, whether the same shall be near or adjoining to or distant from any such streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places as hereinafter mentioned (but which owners or occupiers shall be respectively benefited thereby, and the liability thereto shall be ascertained in the manner hereinafter mentioned and directed) shall from time to time, at their own proper expence, within ten days next after a day to be expressed in a notice in writing given for that purpose by the said commissioners or their surveyor or surveyors for the time being (such notice being given or delivered or left at the dwelling-houses of Such owners or occupiers respectively ten days at the least before the day to be therein expressed), set out and make or cause to be set out and made with good flag-stones a road or way for foot passengers, six feet of assize in breadth at the least, where any street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place shall be forty feet of assize in width, and where the same shall be of less width, then such flagged pavement shall be of such breadth as the said commissioners shall direct, next to and in the front of the houses or buildings in any such street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place, or of such ground or land adjoining thereto as shall be built upon or laid out for building, and in, through and over which a dereliction of the way for the public shall have been made by the owner or proprietor, and also behind and at the side of such houses, buildings, ground, or land, where the same shall also adjoin any other street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place, behind or at the side thereof; and shall also pave or cause to be paved with paving or cobble stones so much of the carriage-way of such street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place from the curb-stone of such flagged or foot-pathway into the middle, or, if the case shall require, to the extremity in breadth of such street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place, with such drains, gutters, sinks, or watercourses, grates or gratings, and, where the same shall happen not to be built upon or walled in, with such fences or guards, as the said commissioners shall think necessary; or if the said commissioners shall not deem it necessary that such street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place, shall be so flagged and paved, then such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers as aforesaid shall upon such notioe make or cause the same to be made in such manner and of such materials, and with such drains, gutters, sinks or watercourses, grates or gratings, and where the same shall happen not to be built upon or walled in, with such fences or guards, as the said commissioners shall from time to time direct and require; and such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers shall from time to time and at all times afterwards, in every case where the same street, square, lane, way, public passage, court, or place, shall not be a thoroughfare, or shall be of less width than thirty feet, at his or their own proper expence, and on a like notice being given to him or her as aforesaid, repair, amend, raise, lower, alter, or place, or cause to be repaired, amended, raised, lowered, altered, or placed the flagging and pavement of the same, and in default thereof it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause to be paved, repaired, amended, raised, lowered, altered, made or placed accordingly; and in case any such owner or occupier shall cause any such flagging or pavement, drains, gutters, sinks, or watercourses, grates or

Class I.] Paving Streets, &c. in My ton, 129

gratings, to be done, repaired, amended, lowered, altered, made, or piacea otherwise than according to the direction, requisition, or manner, for that purpose expressed in such notice or notices, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such pavement, flagging, drains, gutters, sinks, watercourses, grates or gratings (as the case may be) to be taken up and relaid, made or placed agreeable to such direction and requisition, or in such other manner as the said commissioners shall think proper or direct; and the charges and expences attending or relating to the taking up and underlaying, making or placing the same as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed to such commissioners by such owner or occupier making default as aforesaid, or causing the several matters and things aforesaid to be done contrary to such direction and requisition or manner as aforesaid; and such charges and expences respectively shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such owner or occupier, in like manner as the rates hereinbefore directed or required to be raised and levied are directed to be recovered, the overplus (if any) of the monies to arise thereby, after deducting such charges and expences as aforesaid, and also the costs and expences attending such distress and sale, being returned to such owner or occupier on demand.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and they are hereby required to cause the road or way called Pinfold Lane, within the said lordship or precinct, extending from the north end of a certain lane called Love lane, westward to a bridge at the east end of a lane called Patrick Ground Lane, and from thence northward to the turnpike road leading from Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid to Anlaby, or so much and such parts or part thereof as to the said commissioners shall from time to time seem meet and necessary, to be flagged and paved, or otherwise made and completed in manner aforesaid; and the expence and charge thereof shall be paid and borne by and out of the several assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this act, upon all the districts of the said lordship or precinct collectively, and the owners and occupiers (such occupiers to be reimbursed by the owners) of the lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments within the said lordship shall pay and contribute towards the same rateably and in proportion to the annual worth or value of their respective lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments, as hereinbefore mentioned.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places which are already laid out and made, or which shall hereafter be laid out and made in the said lordship or precinct as aforesaid (the same being thoroughfares, or of the width of thirty feet at the least) shall be well and sufficiently flagged and paved with such good and substantial sea-cobbles, or otherwise made and put in good order and repair to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and they are hereby empowered from time to time to declare the same to be public highways, and by writing under their hands directed to the surveyor of the highways of the said lordship or precinct where such streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places are or shall be so laid out and made, as the case may be, to order such surveyor to repair and keep in good condition all such streets and ways in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as the other highways in the said lordship or precinct are respectively paved, flagged and repaired, and kept in order under the laws now in being, concerning highways in general; and from and after such declaration made and ordered, the same and every of them shall be deemed and taken to be public highways, to all intents and purposes, and repaired and kept in repair by the inhabitants of the said lordship or precinct in the same manner as and in all respects be subject to the laws now in being concerning highways in general.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the present and future footways and carriage-ways of or belonging to any bridge or public building now making or building, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said lordship or precinct, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the person or persons in whom such bridge or public building is or shall for the time being be vested, and that the present and future footways and carriage-ways of or belonging to, or before, behind, and at the side of any bridge or building now made or erected, or which shall or may hereafter be

a

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Pinfold Lane to be paved or mad* by the Commissioners under a general Aeen meat of My ton.

Thoroughfares and Roads thirty feet wide to be repaired under the Highway Acta when made according to this Act, and certified by the Commissioners aa such.

The Paveraeota of public Buildings to be under the Mine Regulations u those of private ones.

Paving Streets, &c. it* Myton. [Part III.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Irregular

Paring.

Cotnmiafonera authorized to compound for Paring and Flagging.

made or erected within the said loTdship or precinct, and set apart or used for the amusement of the inhabitants thereof, ot of the town of Kingston* upon-Hull or of the public in general, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the owners and proprietors thereof for the time being, and that the present and future footways and carriage-ways of or belonging to, or before, behind, and at the side of any church or chapel now made or built, or making or building, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said lordship or precinct in ease of the parish church of the Holy Trinity, and the churchyard or burial ground belonging to such church or chattel of ease, and belonging to the said parish, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the churchwardens of the said parish; but if such church or chapel, or burial ground shall be built or made by any private person or persons, then the same footways and carriage-ways shall be paved and kept in repair by the owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors for the time being of the same church or chapel, or burial ground; and that the present and future footways and carriage-ways of or belonging to, before, behind, or at the side of any dissenting meeting-house or meeting-houses, chapel yard or burial place or ground now made or built, or making or building, as well as such as shall hereafter be made or built within the said lordship or precinct, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the respective ministers and deacons or other persons usually officiating therein, or having the care or management of the same; and all the same footways and carriage-ways, and the flagging and paving thereof, shall be made, flagged, paved, repaired, amended, cleansed, lighted and watched, and be subject to the same regulations and penalties respectively, and such penalties shall be recovered respectively in the same manner as is and are hereinbefore expressed, provided and inflicted concerning or with respect to the other footways and carriageways in or of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public-passages, courts and places now made or built within any part of the said lordship or precinct of My ton.

LIX. And whereas by experience it has been found that the irregular laying out of streets and places in the said lordship or precinct of Myton, as to the level thereof, according to the caprice of each particular owner of the lands by whom the same have been so laid out, has been attended with great inconvenience to heavy laden carts and carriages passing through such streets and places, and the property itself of such owners adjoining thereto has in consequence been materially injured in value; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act it shall not be lawful foT any person who shall hereafter lay out any street, square, lane, way, public place, court or passage in the said lordship or precinct, through and over which a dereliction of the way to the public is or shall be intended to be made by the proprietor or owner, to execute the same in respect of the level thereof in any other manner than as the said commissioners shall direct.

LX. And whereas it may be the means of greatly forwarding the good purposes intended by this act if builders or other owners ot occupiers of lands or houses in Such streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places now or hereafter to be erected and built or laid out for building within the said lordship or precinct, as shall or may be required and ought to be paved according to the powers and provisions of this act, were to pay to the said commissioners such sum or sums of money towards the flagging and paving of the same as is or are hereinafter directed; Be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to view and inspect any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places which now are or hereafter may be built or building upon or within the said lordship or precinct, and through and over which a dereliction of the way to the public shall have been made by the owner or proprietor, and if upon such view they shall be of opinion that the same or any part or parts thereof is or are fit and proper to be paved as hereinbefore expressed, and that it will be more eligible and advantageous to the public and promote the purposes of this act that the same should be compounded for, at any meeting held after such view to order their surveyor or surveyors, or other person or persons by them appointed for that purpose, to give notice to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of any lands, grounds, house or houses, or other building or buildings or hereditaments in the said

Clan I.] Drains and Sewers.

isi

lordship or precinct near or adjoining to or distant from any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places who shall be benefited thereby or liable thereto as aforesaid, or if no such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers can be found, then to affix such notice against the said premises on any conspicuous part thereof, which said notice shall require such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers to meet such commissioners at the time and place therein mentioned (such time not being less than fourteen days from the date of such notice) to compound for the paving and flagging thereof, at such sum for every square or running yard (as the case may require) of such flagging and pavement as shall for the time being, situation and circumstances considered, be deemed fair and eqoal, which composition the said commissioners are hereby authorized to make; and if such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said commissioners as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently may be; and the several charges and expen ces attending such paving shall be recovered against such respective owner or owners on plaint or information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the name of the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being in which action or suit no protection, essoign, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

LXI. And whereas great inconveniences have been experienced for want of a sufficient number of public drains or common sewers in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull aod liberty of Trippett, and lordship or precinct of Myton, or for want of the public drains and common sewers therein being properly cleansed, scoured and regulated, and from the continual increase of buildings in the said lordship or precinct, still greater inconveniences are likely to arise if provision be not made to prevent the same; and whereas in several of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts and places already laid out and hereafter to be laid out in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, the making of public drains or common sewers therein will be of no avail, unless power be given to carry on and continue such drains or sewers through lands which at present are not and in future may not be in the like state of improvement; Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such and so many new drains or sewers of such materials, dimensions and forms, and of such depths as they may think sufficient and necessary, to be dug and made iu and along, or across any of the present or future streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, and also any of the public, drains and common sewers which now are or hereafter shall be within the said town and liberty and lordship or precinct, to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed and scoured when and so often as to them the said commissioners shall seem meet; and if necessary to complete the same, then to carry on and continue the same sewers or drains through any lands and grounds lying within the same town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, although such lands or grounds or any part thereof shall not at that time be in a state of improvement by the same or any part thereof being laid out for building upon; and also to cause such and so many grates or openings to be made in such parts of the said sewers or drains as shall lie or be under such streets, squares, lanes, public passages, courts and places for carrying and conveying off the filth and foul or other water from the houses and other buildings, built or to be built, and the lands adjoining to such streets, squares, lanes, public passages, courts or places in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, into the said public sewers and drains as the said commissioners shall and may think necessary and expedient for that purpose; and they are hereby empowered to charge all the several owners of houses, buildings and lands, whether the same be immediately adjoining to or be distant from such sewers or drains, (provided such houses, buildings and lands be respectively benefited by such sewers or drains) with payment of such suras of money as shall be by them the said commissioners so laid out and expended in and about the making of such sewers and drains; provided always, that if any owner or owner* of lands or grounds through or over which any common drain or sewer to be

50 Geo. m. e. 41.

Drains and Sewer* to be made.

See 38 Geo. 11 c. 37, f. 19, page 78, ante.

1

Drains and Sewers.

[Part 111.

50 Geo. 111. c.41.

Liability of Owners, lie. to contribute, how to be ascertained.

made and dug by the said commissioners shall be continued as aforesaid, and which same lands or grounds shall not be then laid out for building upon, shall be injured or damnified thereby, and such owner or owners shall refuse to treat or cannot agree with the said commissioners for satisfaction for the same, then the said commissioners shall make and give to such owner or owners respectively such recompence or compensation for the Injury or damage by him, her or them sustained, as a jury to be summoned as hereinafter mentioned shall assess and award.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the liability and proportion of the respective owners or occupiers of lands, houses, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, which shall or may be benefited by all or any of the pin* poses of this act, of and to the rates and assessments or charges and expences of effecting the same as aforesaid shall be fixed by the following rules; (that is to say) that when and as soon as any of the improvements and alterations, or other object or purpose intended to be carried into effect under and by virtue of this act, shall be ordered and directed by the said commissioners, the said commissioners shall appoint seven disinterested persons, to be approved by the mayor of the said town for the time being, to whom shall be joined the surveyor for the time being of the said commissioners, and those seven before they shall proceed to the execution of theix office shall be sworn before the mayor for the time being of the said town duly and truly to execute such office; and that then the same persons shall with all convenient speed proceed to examine and determine which of the before named owners or occupiers of houses, buildings, lands or grounds then are or thereafter may be benefited by each such respective improvement and alteration, or other object or purpose so ordered and directed to be made as aforesaid, and in the next place shall ascertain and fix what part of the whole expences of each such respective improvement and alteration or other object and purpose (in case the same are not hereby otherwise directed to be raised and levied by a general rate or assessment as aforesaid) such owners or occupiers so to be benefited shall respectively pay, so that in and by such apportionment the whole of the said expences may be raised and paid or reimbursed to the said commissioners; and that the determination of any five or more of the said persons being committed to writing and signed by such five or more shall be binding (but subject to appeal as hereinafter mentioned,) provided such their determination be made within three calendar months from their original appointment, and that if no determination shall be made within that period then the commissioners shall have the like power, toties quoties, of appointing a like number of persons to be joined with theiT surveyor and to be so approved to qualify by oath, and be fnvested with the powers and authorities hereinbefore mentioned; and on refusal or non-payment of such charges and expences (not being raised and levied by a general rate or assessment as aforesaid) by such respective owners or occupiers in the proportions so to be ascertained to the treasurer for the time being of the said commissioners, then upon ten days notice in writing being given by such treasurer to such owners or occupiers, or left at their, his or her last or usual place of abode, and upon their, his or her nonpayment, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the saiettown and county may and they are hereby authorized and required, on information thereof on oath by the said treasurer or the collector for the district wherein the premises in question for which such refusal shall be made are situate, by a warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons respectively; and if no goods or chattels of such person or persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money and the charges of distraining for the same, then and in any of the cases aforesaid such justices shall and may and are hereby empowered to commit any such offender to the common goal or house of correction for the said town and county, there to remain without bail or mainprize until be shall pay the same, together with the costs and charges of recovery, or until he shall compound with the said commie-sioners and shall have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint, which composition the said commissioners are hereby empowered to make; provided always, that no person who shall be committed for want

Class 1.]

Purchasing Premises to Widen Streets.

of sufficient distress shall be kept or detained in prison for any longue space of time than three calendar months.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any lands* houses, buildings, tenements or hereditaments which shall be deemed or judged to be benefited by and liable to contribute to the expence of making, paving, or flagging any of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and places within the said lordship or precinct, or the making or altering any of the drains and sewers in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct as hereinbefore mentioned, shall happen to be unoccupied, whereby no distress can be made or taken for the proportion of the expences to or with which the same are or shall be liable or charged, and which shall not be paid by the landlord or proprietor thereof, shall be and continue a charge and incumbrance thereupon, and shall be recovered and taken of and from any future tenant or occupier thereof by distress, or by such other ways and means as are hereinbefore directed for the recovery of any rates and assessments to be laid and imposed under and by virtue of this act as shall be unpaid, as if such future tenant or occupier thereof had actually held and enjoyed such lands, houses, buildings, tenements and hereditaments at the time when such expence was incurred by virtue of this act; and every such future tenant or occupier shall and is hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain, by and out of his or their rent, all such sum and sums of money as he or she shall actually pay for or on account of such expence, with the costs and charges sustained by reason of the non-payment thereof, and such distress for the recovery of the same.

LXIV. Provided always, that in case there shall be any deficiency in the sum or sums to be apportioned, raised and paid for all or any of the purposes not hereby provided for, by or out of any general rate or assessment as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall and may reimburse themselves by and out of the rates or assessments of the particular district wherein the premises in question for and in respect of which such deficiency shall be occasioned shall lie or be situate, and the same when made good and recovered as aforesaid shall be refunded to the account of the said district.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever at any time or times hereafter, at his, her and their own expence, to make and branch any private drain or drains into any of the said public sewers or drains made or to be made by virtue of this act; provided always, that every such private drain or drains shall be so made and branched, under the direction of the said commissioners or surveyor, upon pain that every person making any private drain without the knowledge or contrary to the direction of the said commissioners or their surveyor, shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, over and besides the expences of altering and removing any such private drain according to the directions of the said commissioners or their surveyor, which they and he are and is hereby authorized to alter and remove; such expences and penalty to be recovered by information before a justice of the peace for the said town and county, and levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to other penalties to be recovered before a justice of the peace.

LXVL And be it further enacted, That if the said commissioners or any five or more of them shall adjudge or determine that any buildings, bulks, steps or any other encroachments which shall project iuto or obstruct the passage of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages or places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or pTecinct, or that by taking down the same or any part thereof, or that by obtaining and taking in any piece or parcel of ground the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages and places, or the entrances thereto, may be widened, altered or improved; it shall be lawful for the said commissioners or any five or more of them, in pursuance of an order made at a public meeting to be held for that purpose, of which fourteen days notice at least shall be given, and placed upon or against the Guildhall of the said town, to treat and agree with the several ownerf and occupiers and all persons whomsoever, for the purchase of, and to purchase such buildings, bulks, steps or other encroachments which may be thought necessary to be taken down or removed, or such pieces or parcels of ground respectively, so as to render the same streets, squares, lanes.

m

60 Geo. I!L c. 41.

Ground unoccupied to continue charged with the Rates.

Commit*! oners may take Deficiencies out of the Rates pro tempore.

Private Drains.

For pofcharisg Premise* to render Streets, lie. more commodious.

134

60 Geo. III. c. 41.

Enabling incapacitated Penona tosall.

For in Testing Purchase Monies of 9001.

Purchasing Premises to Widen Streets. [Part III.

ways, passages and places more commodious, and to pay for the same such sum and sums of money as shall be agreed upon by the said commissioners, or any fire or more of them, and the persons interested therein, out of the money to arise by the rates and assessments hereby directed to be levied, and to take down such buildings, bulks, steps or other encroachments, and throw the sites thereof, and also such pieces or parcels of ground so to be purchased as they the said commissioners shall think proper, into the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages and places.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, guardians and other trustees whomsoever, and for all femes covert and other persons whomsoever seised, possessed of, or interested in any such buildings, bulks, steps, encroachments, lands and grounds, or other hereditaments wanted or required for the purposes of this act, to sell and convey the same accordingly; and in case of their refusal ot being prevented or declining to treat and agree, or to sell or convey the same as aforesaid, or not making out a clear title thereto, or in case any owner or owners of lands or grounds not being then laid out for buildings, through or over which any common drain or sewer shall be carried or continued as aforesaid shall be injured or damnified thereby, and refuse to treat or cannot agree with the said commissioners for satisfaction for the same, that a jury shall be summoned, and all proceedings had thereupon in like manner and form, and under the like provisions and regulations, in case the parties or any of them shall refuse to treat or agree concerning the premises, and in all other matters relating thereto, as are directed and provided in and by the said recited act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty with respect to the lands, tenements and hereditaments purchased for the purpose of building a new gaol pursuant to the said recited act.

LX Fill. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be agreed to be paid for any lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the powers of the said recited act for the purposes thereof, or of this act, which shall belong to any corporation, feme covert, infant, lunatic or person or persons under any disability or incapacity as aforesaid, such money shall, in case the same shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the Bank of England in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his account ex parte the commissioners for executing the said recited acts and this act, to the intent that such money shall be applied under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, to be signified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred in a summary way by the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments in the purchase of the land tax, or towards the discharge of any debt or debts, or such other incumbrances or part thereof as the said court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments, or affecting other lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or the like uses, intents or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like direction and approbation of the said court, in the purchase of other lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like uses, intents and purposes, and in the same manner as the lands, tenements, buildings ot other hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time and until such purchase shall be made, the said money shall, by order of the Court of chancery upon application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his name in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities; and in the meantime and until the said annuities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said consolidated or reduced bank annuities shall from time to time be paid by order of the said

For these Provisions and Regulations ace 23 Geo. 111. c. M, s. 9; title, Gaol ActN

135

Class 1.] Purchasing Premises to Widen Streets.

court to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such purchase or settlement were made.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so agreed to be paid for any lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any corporation or any person or persons under disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments so pur* chased, taken or used, or of his, her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees in case of infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be paid into the bank with the privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery and be placed to his account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinafter directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like option, to two trustees to be nominated by the person or persons making such option and approved of by five or more of the said commissioners (such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the bands of the nominating and approving parties,) in order that such principal money and the dividends arising therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direction or approbation of the court of chancery.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, buildings or other hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used for the purposes of the said recited acts and of this act, in such manner as the said commissioners or any five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of infancy or lunacy then to his, her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the person or persons to whom any sum or sums of money shall be agreed to be paid for the purchase of any lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited acts and this act, shall not be able to make a good title to the premises to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for any five or more of the said commissioners to order the said sum or sums of money so agreed for to be paid into the bank of England in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his account to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments [describing them, ] subject to the order, control and disposition of the said court of chancery, which said court of chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum or sums or money or any part thereof by motion or petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of proceeding or otherwise as to the said court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public funds, and to order distribution thereof or payment of the dividends thereof according to the respective estate or estates, title or interest of the person or persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other order in the premises as to the said court shall seem just and reasonable and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England; who shall receive such sum or sums of money, is and art hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums of money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such person or persons as shall pay any such sum or sums of money into the bank as aforesaid.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any question shall arise touching the title of any person to any money to be paid into the bank of England in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this act, for the purchase of any lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments, or of any

50 Geo. II& c. 41.

For inreatint-Purchase Money if lew than 200*.

Sure laathta

20£.

For making Titlea to Pre-miaeeaold to the Coremiaaiooera.

Pereooa in Pos. mmoo to be deemed lawfully poewsd.

Nuisances and Scavengers. [Part III.

60 Geo. III.

c. 41.

Provision io cue of Disability or Incapacity in Persons in Possesion.

Commissioners not to tnterfero with Dock Company's Drains, tec.

Nuisances.

Scavengers Duty.

estate, right or interest in any lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this act and the said recited acts, or to any bank annuities to be purchased with any such money, or the dividends or interest of any such bank annuities, the person or persons who shall have been in possession of such lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments at the time of such purchase, and all persons claiming under such person or persons, or under the possession of such person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such lands, tenements, buildings ot hereditaments according to such possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the satisfaction of the said court of chancery; and the dividends and interest of the bank annuities to be purchased with such money, and also the capital of such bank annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said court that such possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other person or persons was or were lawfully entitled to such buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to some other estate or interest therein.

LXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of 4ny disability or incapacity of the person or persons, or corporation entitled to any lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments to be purchased under the authority of the said recited acts and this act, the purchase money for the same shall be required to be paid into the court of chancery, and to be applied in the purchase of other lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments to be settled to the like uses in pursuance of the said recited acts and this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of chancery to order the expences of all purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this act, or so much of such expences as the court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said commissioners out of the monies to be received by virtue of the said acts and this act, who shall from time to time pay such sums of money for such purposes as the said court shall direct.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this act shall authorize or empower the said commissioners to alter, change, divert, or in any respect interfere with the public highways or streets, drains or sewers made or to be made in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, by the dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall throw, cast or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast or laid any dirt, dust, dung, ashes, snow or other filth whatsoever in or upon any street, square, lane, way, public passage, court or place in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, or any of the rivers, brooks or watercourses, drains or sewers within the same (except the dirt, dust, dung, ashes and filth to be collected together by the scavengers to be employed by virtue of this act or the said recited acts, and which shall be removed as hereinafter directed, and except as next hereinafter mentioned) but shall and he, she and they is and are hereby required to keep or cause the same to be kept in their respective houses or yards until the scavenger or other officer thereto appointed shall come by or near their houses or doors with a cart or carts or other conveyances to carry away the same.

LXXVI. And be it farther enacted, That the scavenger or scavengers, or other person or persons employed or contracting for cleansing the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct respectively, under or by virtue of this act or the said recited acts, shall twice in every week, or oftener if the said commissioners shall so direct, and on such days and times as the said commissioners shall appoint, cause all and every the flagged or foot pavements of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts and places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, to be thoroughly washed, swept and cleansed, and shall bring or cause to be brought a cart or carta or otheT conveyance, into all the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts and placet within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct where such cart or carts or other conveyances can pass, and shall at or before their approach by sound of bell, loud voice or otherwise give notice to the inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like notice in every court, passage or place into which the said cart or carts or other conveyances cannot pass and abide, and stay there a convenient time, to the intent that all dirt, dust, dung, snow, ashes and other filth (except filth

Class I.] Nuisances and Scavengers.

from any privy or necessary-house) may be taken and carried away from the respective houses and premises by the scavenger or other person or persons as aforesaid, and put into such cart or carriage; all which dirt, dung, snow, ashes, and other filth (except as aforesaid,) as well as all such dirt, dust, dung, ashes, snow and other filth as shall be swept up and collected together as shall lie or be thrown into the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public places, courts or passages or any of them as aforesaid, the said scavenger or other officer appointed for that purpose shall immediately or as soon as may be carry away, or cause to be carried away to the place or places appointed for depositing the dirt, dust, dung, snow, ashes and filth of the said town under or by virtue of the said recited acts or any of them np«Q pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence or neglect; and every person acting as such scavenger for the time being shall cause the words Scavengers cart" to be painted in large roman letters on the front or other conspicuous place of their carts or carriages used for the purposes aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting any sum not eiceeding five shillings for any such neglect therein; and no person or persons whomsoever shall take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away any dirt, dust, ashes, snow or other filth, so to be swept up, gathered and collected as aforesaid, besides such scavenger or other officer to be appointed by the said commissioners for that purpose as aforesaid, except and unless the same shall be taken and carried away by the person w persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, either for his, her or their own use, or by his, her or their order or direction, before the time that such scavenger or other officer as aforesaid shall come to carry away the same.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the assessors appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited acts shall cause the scavenger or scavengers to be employed by them for cleansing and sweeping the said town and liberty effectually to cleanse and sweep the market-place of the said town in the evening of every market-day (that is to say,) on Tuesday and Friday in every week after nine of the clock in the evening, over and above the usual and accustomed times of sweeping and cleansing the same as heretofore or along with the other streets of the said town, and to cause the filth and refuse to be forthwith taken and carried away; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners appointed by this act and for the said assessors respectively to cause all or any of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public places, courts or passages within the said town and liberty, and lordship or preciDct, to be watered during the summer season as often as they shall think fit, and the expences thereof shall be defrayed by and out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no inhabitant of the said town and liberty, lordship or precinct, or any other person, shall permit or suffer any dirt, dust, dung, ashes, snow or other filth as aforesaid, or the filth of any necessary or privy, or any blubber or the refuse of any ship or vessel lying in the docks or harbour, by them or any of them brought out in order to be loaded or carried away for their own use only, to continue or remain any longer time than from sun-set to sun-rise before the same shall be carried away; and no scavenger or dustman, soil man or other person shall collect or carry away the same before five of the clock nor later than eight of the clock in the morning in any season of the year, nor at any time upon a market-day, on pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding ten shillings for every such offence.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be subject to the last-mentioned penalty for any rubbish or dirt occasioned by the building or pulling down of any building, or by the rebuilding or repairing of any house or other building, so as there be convenient space left in the street, square, lane, way, passage, court or place where such rubbish or dirt shall be for carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient way kept clear for foot passengers, by the person or persons laying or occasioning such rubbish or dirt to be laid; nor for the making up of lime into mortar in any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts or places, so as such space be left for foot passengers and carriages, and so as such lime be inclosed before such house on building about which the same is to be used, and so a* the owner or owners of such house or

s

137

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Market-Place to be swept in tUcr evening f every Market-day.

Time of removing Dang and Filth.

Last mentioned Penalty not to extend to Rubbish or Dirt occasioned by building or repairing.

60 Geo. III. c. 41.

Spouts tot»e fixed for carrying off the Water irom the Roofs of Houses, Su\

No Cellar-holes to be allowed.

Hords or Fences to be erected where buildings are taken down, erecting or repairing.

1/ghla to be fixed for prerent, inf Accidents;

Nuisances and Annoyances. [Part III.

building before which such lime or rubbish shall lie shall cause the same, with the hord or fence by which the same shall be inclosed, to be removed at his, her or their own costs and charires within a reasonable time, or upon notice in writing for that purpose being given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her or their house or building where such rubbish or lime shall be, signed by the said commissioners or their surveyor.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of July next, the water on the roofs of all houses and buildings now or here- ' after to be built in the said town and liberty, and lordship ot precinct, shall be effectually conveyed by proper spouts and pipes into the main drain or sewer of the street, square, lane, way, passage, court, or public place, and the same spouts and pipes shall be made and continued, kept and repaired by the owners or occupiers (such occupier to be reimbursed by the owner) of such houses and buildings; and if any such owner or occupier shall neglect or refuse to make and fix such spouts and pipes for thirty one days after he shall be required to make and fix the same by the surveyor of the said commissioners, by notice in writing delivered to him or left at his dwelling-house or usual place of abode, such owner or occupier shall forfeit and pay for every day's neglect or refusal any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall have or make any cellar-window, cellar-steps, cellar-door, cellar-hole, cellar-grate, stepway or hatch-way leading or giving light into any cellar kitchen or other place under ground of any house or other building adjoining or near to, or in any of the present or future streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts or places within the said town and liberty and lordship or precinct, in or upon the footway, flagged or other pavement thereof.

LXXXII. And, for the prevention of injury or bodily harm to persons passing through the streets, squares, lanes, ways, public places, courts and passages of the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, Be it further enacted, That all persons whomsoever who have already caused to be taken down or partly taken down, or who at any time or times hereafter shall take down or begin to take down any house or other building whatsoever within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, or cause the same to be so dene, or who shall alter or repair, or begin to alter or repair the outward or external parts or part of any such house or other building, or cause the same to be so done, shall and they are hereby respectively required, immediately after notice in writing for that purpose from the surveyor for the time being of the said commissioners, to cause one or more proper and sufficient hord or fence, or hords or fences, in such manner as shall be directed in such notice, to be erected and set up to guard all such houses and other buildings and the ground whereon any such houses or other buildings stood respectively, from the street, square, lane, way, public place, court or passage near thereto, and shall continue such hord or fence, hords or fences standing and in good condition during such time only as the said surveyor shall judge necessary for the public safety and as he shall order and direct; and if any such person or persons shall after such notice respectively refuse or neglect to erect aDd set up any such hord or fence, or hordB or fences as aforesaid, or shall not continue the same standing and in good condition as aforesaid, or shall not take down or remove the same as soon as required so to do by the said surveyor, or shall not whilst the said fences or hords arc standing, keep the same sufficiently lighted in the night, if so required by the said surveyor, then and in any of the said cases every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, and in case of such refusal or neglect it shall and may be lawful for the said surveyor to cause any such house or houses, building or buildings, ground or grounds to be well and sufficiently fenced in, or the fence already erected and set up to be well and sufficiently repaired, as the case shall require, and such fence or fences to be continued as aforesaid, and during their continuance to be lighted as aforesaid, and then and in such case the person or persons so refusing or neglecting shall pay all charges and expences of such fencing or repairing, upon demand made, to tie said commissioners, to be recovered by action with costs of suit.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any stones, timber, mortar, rubbish, materials or other things shall be laid or placed, or any hole, opening or excavation of what natire or kind soeve shall be made in or near to

Class I.] Nuisances and Annoyances.

139

any of the streets, squares, ways, lanes, passages, courts or public places already made, or which shall hereafter be made within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, for any purpose whatsoever, the owner of such stones, materials or other things, or person or persons causing such hole, opening or excavation as aforesaid to be made, shall (if required by the surveyor appointed by the said commissioners) at his, her.or their own expence cause a light to be affixed in or near the same respectively for securing passengers from accidents, and continue the same every night from sun-setting to sun-rising during the time such stones or other materials, hole, opening or excavation shall remain, and also, if the said surveyor shall think proper and direct shall at his, her or their own expeDce cause such stones, materials or other things, hole, opening or excavation, as the case may be, to be fenced and inclosed in such manner as such surveyor shall think proper, and continued so fenced and inclosed until the stones, materials or other things, hole, opening or excavation, as the case may be, shall be removed or filled up respectively, and in default thereof shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds for every day and night such nuisance shall be continued; and the said surveyor, on such default being made, is hereby empowered to cause such light to be affixed, and to fence and inclose such stones, materials, holes, openings and excavations, and continue the same so fenced and inclosed, and charge such owners or other person or persons as aforesaid with the expences thereof respectively, and to recover from time to time such expences with costs of suit by action in the name of the said commissioners, which may be brought by the clerk to the said commissioners in any of his Majesty's courts of law at Westminster, or in the court of record or court of requests at Kingston-upon-Hull, according to the amount thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, where sufficient drains are now made for carrying off the same or after the same shall be made in such places where there are not any at present, cause or permit any blood, blubber, soap lees or waste, or any filth of any kind whatsoever, to run from any slaughterhouse, butchers-shop, shambles, boiling-house, workshop, house, out-house or other building, vessel or place into any of the present or future streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts or places of the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, or into any of the brooks, streams, or the present or future common sewers of the same, or shall kill or slaughter, singe, scourge, dress or cut up any animal, cither wholly or in part, in any of such streets, squares, lanes, ways, public places, courts or passages, every person so offending in any of the matters aforesaid shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any hogsty or pigs-cote, laystall, boghouse, dung, muck, carrion, blood, blubber, offal, night* *oil, filth, or any other noisome matter whatsoever, shall be offensive to any person residing in ot near to any of the present or future streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts or places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, the same shall be deemed a nuisance and an offence against this act, and it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace of the said town and county, upon complaint thereof made to them, to hear and determine the same in a summary way, by summoning the party or parties complained of; and if such justice shall deem the same a nuisance, then the person or persons so complained of and convicted shall remove such nuisances, and in case the same shall not be done within ten days after such conviction the person or persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five shillings for every hour the same shall continue unremoved, after the expiration of the said ten days.

LXXXVI. And, for the better accommodation and safety of jtassengers and the preservation of good order and the prevention of obstructions and annoyances within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct; Be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall upon any of the present or future footways of any of the present or future streets, squares, lanes, ways, public passages, courts or places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, carry any sedan-chair, not having a person therein, or shall carry any lighted flambeau, link or torch other than for the purpose of lighting such sedan-chair, a person being therein, on any of the said

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Penalty on offensive Matters.

Hogsties, kc. offensive to the Inhabitants deemed Nui-seuces and to be removed.

For preventing

Annotanres, Nuisance *, kc. on the Foot.pavement and otherwise.

140

50 Geo. III. c. 41. *

Nuisances and Annoyances. [Part 111.

footways; or shall run, draw, drive or carry on any of the said footways any track, wheel, sledge, wheelbarrow, bier, handbarrow- or carriage whit* soever, or shall roll any cask, other than for the necessary loading or on-loading thereof, in, upon, from or out of any carriage; or shall wilfully ride, lead or drive any horse, mare, gelding, mule or ass, ox, boll, cow, sheep, swine or other cattle; or place any block, chopping block, slab, leaf, board, table, stool, chair, frame, gantry or other article or commit or cause any other kind of obstruction or annoyances, upon any of the said footways; or if any person shall drive along any such street, square, lane, way, public passage, court or place any cart, dray, waggon, truck or other carriage for the conveyance of goods faster than a walking pace, or without some peace on foot to lead the shaft or thill horse by a halter or rein fixed to the head of such horse, or shall not Teadily and promptly turn out of the road to the near or left side thereof on meeting horses or carriages so as to leare sufficient room or quarter for the same; or shall drive thereon any cattle, or ride or drive any horse, mare or gelding so furiously as thereby to endanger the personal safety of any of his Majesty's subjects, or others, in any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places; or shall suffer his horse or other beast to go unattended therein; or shall shew or expose any stallion therein, or shall expose to sale any horse, mare or gelding in any of such streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct (except such places wherein fairs and markets are or may be held for the sale of horses, and during the time of such fairs and markets only; ) or shall fodder any cattle in any such streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courti or public places (except in the fairs and markets where cattle usually stud; ) or shall suffer his or her mastiff or bull-dog to go unmuzzled in any of the markets, streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct; or if any person shall beat or shake any carpets, or sift, throw, cast or lay any ashes, except during the time of frost and to prevent accidents, or any dirt, muck, dung, oil, soap-suds, foul-water, filth, rubbish, refuse of garden-stuff, blood, blubber, offal, carrion, or any other offensive matter or thing, in any part of tny such streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct; or shall in any of the streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places sift, soma, wet, slack or mix any lime, or wet, make or mix any mortar, other, than as aforesaid, on any part of any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places; or shall throw any slates, tiles, rubbish or other article from the top or any other part of any building into any of such streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places; or shall wilfully or negligently fire any chimney of any house or other building rathe said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct; or shall hoist or cause to be hoisted into or oat of any warehouse or building therein any article or thing whatever, not being bung in slings, about the same; or shall expose to sale or set, or place, or cause, or permit, or suffer to be exposed to sale on the foot or carriage-way, of any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places, any goods, chattels, wares or merchandizes whatsoever, or any bread, spice, ginger-bread, frsit, vegetables or garden-stuff, butchers-meat, fish, poultry or other matter or thing, other than in the market-place or markets or places of the said town by and under the direction of the market-keeper, or shall hang up or expose for sale any silk, linen, cotton, furniture, bread, spice, ginger-bread, fruit, vegetables or garden-stuff, butchers-meat, fish or other matter or thing, goods, wares or merchandize whatsoever, or place any slab, leaf, board or other projection for the exposure thereof without the doors or windows, or against or extending beyond the wall of any dwelling-house, shop, warehouse, building or tenement; or shall place or bang up any shew-board, sign, frame, window-shades, blinds or other projections of the like nature, to extend further than three feet from the wall, or of less height than seven feet from the ground at the outermost extremity, or the cloth, euivasi or other materials of which window-shades or blinds shall hang down below the frame thereof; or cause any doors or gates to be hung so as to open outwards; or make any penthouses, bow-windows, shutter-cases or shutter stands, spouts, pales, rails, gates, steps, scrapers or projections of the like

Class 1.]

Nuisances and Annoyances.

!41

Datare beyond six inches from the wall, if there shall be no area; or do any other matter or thing so as to obstruct or incommode the passage of any person or carriage on any of the said foot or carriage-ways, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding five pounds, to be recovered in manner hereinafter directed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any timber, stone or other article whatsoever shall be drawn on any such street, square, lane, way, passage or public place, without being placed or hung at both ends on wheels or a carriage, or if any timber, ladder, poles or other article exceeding twenty feet in length shall be drawn through any such street, square, lane, way, passage or public place, without having one person beside the driver for the purpose of guiding the end of such timber, ladder, poles or other article and preventing the same from striking against any person, house or other building (except in the drawing of timber from vessels ypon the docks, quays or wharfs,) or if any timber, iron, lead, bricks, stones, lime, mortar, hay, straw, wood, faggots, coals, boards, tubs, casks, goods, wares, merchandize, materials or things whatsoever shall be laid, placed or left in any street, square, lane, way, passage, court, or public place (except building materials within bords and fences as aforesaid) so as to obstruct or incommode any person or carriage passing thereon, or obstruct or incommode the passage to any house, shop, or other building, and the same shall remain for a greater space of time than shall be necessary for the housing or removing thereof, then and in every such case the owner or owners of all such timber, iron, lead, bricks, stones, lime, mortar, hay, straw, wood, faggots, coals, boards, tubs, casks, goods, wares, merchandize or things shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty shillings.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any cart, waggon, sledge, troll, dray, hand-cart, wheelbarrow, coach, chaise or other carriage (other than hackney coaches regulated by the said recited acts, or any of them, and except upon a market-day) shall be left or suffered to stand or continue in any street, square, lane, way, passage, court or public place within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, either in the night or in the day time, whether loaded or unloaded or with or without horses, for any longer time than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof; or if any such cart, waggon, sledge, troll, drav, hand-cart, wheelbarrow, coach, chaise or other carriage (other than as aforesaid) shall be set, placed or left upon any part of the footpaths or crossings made or to be made in any of the said streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts or public places for the purpose of loading or unloading the same, and if any cart, waggon, sledge, troll, dray, hand-cart or wheelbarrow shall not have the name or names of the owner or owners thereof painted upon some conspicuous part thereof, the persons so placing or leaving the same, or neglecting to cause his, her or their name or names to be so painted thereon, shall forfeit for every such offence any sura not exceeding twenty shillings.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and they are hereby directed and required to cause the names of the several streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, courts and public places within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, to be painted in large black' roman letters, on a white ground, in some conspicuous part of every corner house thereof, and to cause each house in every such street, square, lahe, way, passage and public place to be numbered progressively from one end thereof to the other on each side thereof respectively, in and by distinct! figures painted upon or over the door of every such house. 1

XC. And be it farther enacted, That the said commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or undeT this act, and the assessors for the time being' elected and appointed under and by virtue of the said recited acts, of anjp of them, and acting in execution thereof or of this act respectively as aforesaid, are hereby directed to instruct the surveyor or surveyors, or other officer or officers to be by them respectively from time to time appointed for the purposes of all or any of the same acts, to search for, enquire and! examine into, and upon any information to be made and given to him oi them thereof by any person or persons whomsoever, forthwith personally to view and inspect all or any offence or offences, nuisance or nuisances to be done or committed contrary to or against the same acts; and such surveyor or torveyoTs, officer and officers are hereby strictly required and enjoined.

50 Geo. HI. c. 41.

For repulaline the <'a> riayi* of heavy Articles in the Sticeia.

Carriages not to Ue left in tho Streets.

Name* of Streets to be put up.

Surveyors on Information to inspect Nui. *meet.

Coals,

[Part III.

£0 Geo. III. e. 4).

For preventing Fraud *, &c. in the Quality, Measure and delivery of Co*l*. An Inn pec for to he appointed.

Owner* and Master*to deliver

the original Ticket* to the Inspector, or other #i*e certify the Quality.

upon any such information made or given to him or them by any person or persons whomsoever, of all or any such offence or offences, nuisance or nuisances as aforesaid, forthwith to view and inspect the same accordingly, and thereupon to lay an information or informations against the offender or offenders, and cause him, her or them to be summoned before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, to be dealt with for the same according to the powers and provisions of this act, or of any of the said recited acts respectively; and if any such surveyor or surveyors, officer or officers shall upon ai.y such direction or information as aforesaid, neglect to make such personal view and inspection, or shall wilfully neglect to search for, enquire and examine into such offence or offences, nuisance or nuisances as aforesaid, or shall thereupon refuse or neglect to lay such information or informations against the offender or offenders as aforesaid, the surveyor or surveyors, officer or officers so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay for every such refusal or neglect, upon conviction before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds.

XCI. And whereas various frauds, exactions, impositions and irregularities have arisen and are practised in the port or harbour of Kingston-upon-Hull, with regard to the quality and measure of coals brought thereto for sale and the delivery and carriage thereof in the said town and the neighbourhood; Be it therefore further enacted, That on the first day of June next the said commissioners, at a meeting to be convened for that purpose, shall elect and appoint some fit and proper person to be an inspector of all the coals which shall he brought to and delivered for sale in the said town or the neighbourhood thereof, and which person shall and may be removed, suspended or displaced by and at the will and pleasure of the said commissioners, or of any five or more of them (of whom the chairman for the time being of the said commissioners shall be one,) in the manner hereinafter mentioned; and in case of the removal, death or resignation of such inspector, the said commissioners shall elect and choose some other fit and proper person in his stead, and so toties quoties as often as the like event shall happen; and the said commissioners shall provide a proper and suitable place for the office of such inspector, and fix and appoint his salary or wages at their discretion, the expence and charge whereof shall be paid and borne or defrayed by and out of the rate or tax hereinafter directed to be paid and levied, or if the same shall be insufficient for that purpose, then the deficiency shall be made good and supplied by and out of the rates and assessments hereinbefore directed to be raised and levied by and for the general purposes of this act.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next the owner or owners of any cargo of coals which shall be brought to or delivered in the said port or harbour, or on any part of the shores of the rivers Humber and Hull for sale in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, or in the adjoining parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool, and the hamlets of Witham and Summergangs, or the masters of the respective vessels in which the same shall be shipped or brought, shall, before the same or any part thereof shall be delivered or landed in the said port or harbour, or on the said shores of the rivers Humber and Hull for sale as aforesaid, bring and deliver to the said inspector the original bills or tickets, bill or ticket, given and delivered along with the said coals at the time when the same were taken on board by the clerk or agent of the collieries or pits from which the same were taken or won, denoting the quantity and quality thereof, (of which original bills or ticketB, bill or ticket, the said clerk or agent shall keep and file a duplicate or duplicates) and in and upon which said bills or tickets, bill or ticket the keeper of the last lock or gate of the rivers Ouse and Aire, or any other navigable water by or through which the vessels whereon such coals shall be shipped or loaded shall have passed, shall indorse a note or memorandum when such vessels respectively passed the same: and in case it shall happen that such bills or tickets, bill or ticket shall not sufficiently denote or specify the quantity or quality of the said coals; or there shall not be any such bills or tickets, bill or ticket given and delivered with said coals at the collieries or pits from which the same were taken or won; or if the original hills or tickets, bill or ticket shall at any time be accidentally lost; or the ship or

Class I.]

Coals.

143

vessel whereon such coals shall be shipped or loaded shall have been originally loaded for exportation or for the sale or delivery of her cargo at any other place or places, or in any other manner than as aforesaid, and shall afterwards change her destination without any such bills or tickets, or bill or ticket having been obtained and provided; or in case the said inspector shall otherwise see good and sufficient cause for the same: then and in all or any of such last mentioned cases the owner or master of each such ship or vessel shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the said inspector an account of the quality and quantity of such coals, when the same were taken on board, at what place or places, from what collieries or pits the same were taken or won, and by what ship or vessel the same were brought, together with the date or time when such ship or vessel passed by or through the last lock or gate of the river or water whereby the same was navigated, and shall verify the same by affidavit to be sworn by such owner or master before the mayor or any of the aldermen of the said town (and which oath the said mayor or alderman is hereby empowered and required to administer:) and in case either of the non-delivery or of the accidental loss of any such original bills or tickets, bill or ticket, or of the said ship or vessel having been originally loaded for exportation, or for sale and delivery otherwise than as aforesaid, without any such bills or tickets, bill or ticket being obtained or provided, the said master or owner shall state the circumstances thereof in and by the said affidavit; and the said inspector shall receive and register, keep and file such bills or tickets, bill or ticket, account or accounts, together with the affidavit or affidavits accompanying the same, and upon payment or tender of the sun) herein directed to be paid for every chaldron of coals contained in such ship or vessel, shall make out and give to such owner or owners, master or masters a certificate (in such form and words as the said commissioners shall from time to time think proper and direct) of the time when such cargo was taken on board, from what collieries or pits the same was taken or won, by what ship or vessel the same was shipped, with the name of the master, of bow much the same consists, and the date of the arrival of the said ship or vessel in the said port or harbour, or upon any part of the shores of the said rivers Humber anaHull; which certificate shall be signed by the said inspector, and shall be affixed and continue upon the mast or some other conspicuous part of the ship or vessel wherein the same shall be loaded until the said cargo shall be sold and delivered; and in case the same shall be delivered into any yard or place for sate, then the said certificate shall be placed upon a board or pole in the front of the heap, or in such other place and in such other manner as the said inspector shall from time to time order and direct: and if any owner or master, dealer in coals or other person, as the case may be, shall sell and deliver, or expose to sale, or cause to be landed in the said port or harbour, or upon the shores of the said rivers Humber and Hull any coals for sale and consumption in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, or in the said adjoining parishes or hamlets, without such certificate, or shall neglect or refuse, for the space of three days after the arrival of the ship or vessel wherein the same shall be loaded, to bring and deliver to the said inspector the original bills or tickets, bill or ticket given along with such coals by the clerk or agent of the collieries or pits from whence the same were taken or won, or to make and give such account or accounts, affidavit or affidavits relating thereto as are hereinbefore required to be made and given, or shall make and forge, and give or deliver, or cause to be made and forged and given or delivered a false, feigned or forged bill or ticket, or shall alter, deface, erase or mutilate any original bill or ticket, or shall not affix and put up the certificate of the said inspector as and in such place as he shall direct, or shall make or forge or affix and put up, or cause and procure to be made and forged, affixed and put up any false, feigned or forged certificate, or shall alter, deface, erase or mutilate the certificate which shall be given to him by the said inspector, or shall not continue the same until the whole of the quantity of coals therein referred to shall be sold and disposed of, or shall knowingly and wilfully make and deliver a false or inaccurate account of the quantity or quality of such coals, or bring to sell or dispose of in the several places aforesaid, or any of them, coals of one quality or sort for and as a quality or sort which the aajne really are not, every such offender shall, upon conviction thereof be-

0 Geo. III. c. 41.

Inspector to gfTe Certificate to the Owner or Master.

To be affixed on the Vessel or place where the Coals shall be old.

Penalty for Non obeer ranee.

t

Cook.

[Part HI.

50 Geo. III. c. 41.

Inspector to take ao OaMi for the due performance of liia Duty.

Form of the Oath.

Five or more ComraiwitMiera ft lie Chairman being one; may examine Inspector* Accounts, and diacliarce him if found erroneous.

Inspector so dismissed incapable of being re-elected.

Appointment of Inspector ad iuterim.

Penalties on Inspector for pegleci or fraud.

fore the mayor and any one or more of the aldermen of the said town, forfeit and pay for each and every such offence any sum not exceeding ten pounds; and if any such roaster or owner shall wilfully and corruptly make a false oath or affidavit of all or any of the matters and things whereunto he shall be required to make the same as aforesaid, he shall, upon conviction thereof at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said town and county, be adjudged and suffer the pains and penalties imposed by law for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XCU1. And be it further enacted, That before any person shall act as an inspector in the execution of this act he shall take and subscribe before the mayor of the said town for the time being, or any one or more of the aldermen, an oath (which the said mayor and alderman or aldermen is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) in the following words (that is to say; )

" I A. B. do swear, that I will honestly, truly, faithfully and impartially," according to the best of my skill and judgment, execute the office of "inspector of coals for the town of Kingston-upon-Hulland the liberty "of Trippett, and the lordship of My ton within the parish of the Holy "Trinity in the said town, and for the several adjoining parishes of " Scolcoates and Drypool, and hamlets of Witham and Summergangs, "pursuant to the directions and provisions of an act passed in the "fiftieth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, an act. [Here insert the title of this act],

'So help me God."

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any five or more of the said commissioners (the chairman for the time being of the said commissioners being one of them) at any time or times at their own will and pleasure, without any previous notice or declaration of their intention so to do, to call for, inspect and examine the books, accounts, papers, and vouchers, of or belonging to the said inspector, regarding the execution of this act in the matters and things appertaining to his office, and which inspector is hereby required to produce the same accordingly; and if it shall appear to the said commissioners making such inspection and examination that there is any wilful and erroneous entry, omission, concealment, fraud, or misrepresentation in all or any of such books, accounts, papers, an d vouchers, or that the said inspector shall have negligently or fraudulently conducted himself in the execution of his office, the same commissioners shall and may thereupon dismiss and discharge the said inspector as and of their own authority, and shall thereof forthwith give notice in writing to the clerk of the said commissioners assigning the cause of such dismission and discharge, in order that a general meeting of the said commissioners shall and may be held, and which meeting the said clerk is hereby required to summon and convene at the usual place where the meetings of the said commissioners shall be held, within fourteen days next afterwards, for the election and appointment of a fit and proper person in the place of the inspector who shall be so dismissed or discharged; and the person who shall be so dismissed and discharged shall not be capable of being re-elected to the office of inspector or of being chosen or appointed to any other office or place under or by virtue of this act; and the said commissioners so dismissing or discharging such inspector, or in case of the death, resignation, or removal, in any other way of any inspector from time to time, the chairman for the time being of the said commissioners shall and may thereupon nominate and appoint some fit and proper person to execute the office of inspector ad interim, and until a new election shall take place and be made as aforesaid.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall he appointed to act as inspector under or by virtue of this act shall refuse or neglect to receive and register the bills or tickets, bill or ticket, account or accounts, affidavit or affidavits, to be made and given to him of or concerning any coals as aforesaid upon payment or tender of the sum appointed to he paid for or in respect thereof, or shall not truly and faithfully register the same, and make and deliver such certificate or certificates thereof in the form and manner required by the said commissioners, or shall not make and keep such books, accounts, papers, registers, vouchers, notes, and entries, as are by this act or shall from time to time be thought fit and

Coals.

Class 1.]

145

required by the said commissioners to be made and kept, or shall not pro- 50 Geo. HI.

duce the same when required thereunto as herein mentioned, or shall c

+destroy, alter, deface or mutilate the same or any of them, or shall in any manner act in collusion with any person or persons whomsoever to assist or enable him, her or them to counteract, defeat or evade the provisions of this act, every such offender shall, upon conviction thereof before the mayor

and any one or more of the aldermen of the said town for the time being,

forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That no sack shall be made use of in Dimensions of the delivery of coals from any ship, vessel, lighter, barge or other craft, or the Seek, from any wharf, warehouse or other place within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, and the said adjoining parishes or hamlets, except such sack shall be made of linen called sacking, and shall have been first sealed and marked with white paint in oil at the office of the said inspector, or at the Guildhall of the said town by the proper officer there, and shall at the time of making use of such sack measure in the inside thereof at least two feet and six inches in length by two feet in breadth; and no sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not at the time of marking or sealing thereof measure in the inside thereof two feet and eight inches in length and two feet and one inch in breadth; and if any vender or venders of, or dealer or dealers in, or carrier or carriers of coals shall use or cause to be used any sack or sacks for delivering or carrying coals within the said town and liberty, or lordship or precinct, and the said adjoining parishes or hamlets of less length at the time of using the same than two feet and six inches at the least in the inside thereof, or of less breadth than two feet at (he least in the inside thereof, then and in every such case every such vender of, or dealer in, or carrier of coals shall for every such sack so deficient in length or breadth, on conviction thereof before the mayor or any one of the aldermen of the said town, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five shillings, and the mayor or other alderman, before whom such conviction shall take place, shall cause every such sack found deficient either in length or breadth to be destroyed.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty- Mauurt of Um fourth day of June next the measure of every chaldron of all such coals as Chaldroo. shall he sold and delivered to any purchaser or purchasers thereof in the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, and the said adjoining parishes and hamlets respectively, shall contain twenty-four of the said sacks filled to the top; and if any dealer or vender in, or carrier of coals shall deliver or cause to be delivered to any such purchaser or purchasers thereof a less number of such sacks for a chaldron, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity than a chaldron, or shall not fill the same to the top, every such dealer of or vender in, or carrier of coals shall, on conviction thereof before the mayor or any one of the aldermen of the said town, forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty- ks

fourth day of June next every porter or carrier of coals within the said town SKIted. and liberty, and lordship or precinct, and the said adjoining parishes or hamlets shall cause his name to be registered by the said inspector in a book to be kept for that purpose, and which inspector shall thereupon give and deliver to each such porter an engraved and numbered ticket of brass or other durable materials, denoting his occupation and order of entry in such book or register, which ticket shall be woru and carried by the said porter or carrier of coals in the front of his hat or cap; and every owner of any cart or carts employed in the carriage and delivery of coals shall give an account to the said inspector of the number of carts to be employed by him (and which shall be also entered and registered by the said inspector In the said book or registry; ) and if any such porter shall carry any coals 1

without wearing or carrying such ticket, or if any such porter or the owner of any such carts shall carry or convey any coals without having caused such registry or entry to be made, and without having paid such tax, rate or duty to or with which he or she is hereby respectively made liable, every person so offending shall, on conviction thereof before the mayor or any of the aldermen of the said town, forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings; and the said inspector shall and he is

T

60 Ge>. III.

c. 41.

Common Meter* to attend admeasurement and delivery of Coals.

To keep Account of Coals delivered.

And to examine condition of Sacks.

Inspector and Coal Meters not to be interested in the Sale of Coal*.

Tax for defraying

the Expence* of Coal Regulations.

Disposition of Surplus.

hereby required to permit and suffer the book or books in which all or any such entries and registry hereby respectively required to be made shall be so made and kept, and also the original bills ot tickets and accounts, with the affidavits accompanying the same and directed to be filed as aforesaid, to be inspected or examined by any person or persons requiring the same without fee or reward.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June next the common meters of the said town shall and they are hereby strictly required and enjoiued personally to be and attend at or upon the ship or vessel, yard or other place, where any coals intended for such sale and delivery as aforesaid shall be during the whole time of the delivery thereof, and to admeasure the same as and in such mauner as is hereby directed and not otherwise; and each of such meters shall keep a hook or books (to be provided by the said commissioners)and shall enter therein the name and description of the ship or vessel, yard or other place where the same shall be, and of the owner or master thereof, and of the dealer or vender ox such coals, and the several quantities which he shall respectively admeasure and deliver therefrom, and the day of the month and year on which the same shall have been delivered and to whom, and shall deliver such book or books signed by him to the said inspector at the end of every week; and every such meter shall and he is hereby required and enjoined from time to time to inspect and examine the condition and dimensions of all sacks used in the measure and delivery of coals within the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, and the said adjoining parishes and hamlets respectively, and to take and carry such as shall appear to be deficient with the name or names of the dealer or vender in, or carrier of, the coals for which the same shall be used to the mayor or any of the aldermen of the said town, to be used and dealt with *n manner hereinbefore directed; and if any such common meter shall neglect or refuse to do and observe all or any of the said matters and things which he is hereby required to do and observe, or shall knowingly or wilfully connive at and assist any person or persons in counteracting, defeating or evading all or any of the purposes of this act, he shall, on conviction before the mayor or any one or more of the aldermen of the said town, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said inspector or any of the said common meters shall at any time or times hereafter, during his or their respective continuance in his or their office or employe ment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the sale of any coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the discharge of their said respective offices or employment, such inspector or common meter so offending shall for every such offence, on conviction thereof before the mayor or any one or more of the aldermen of the said town, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds; and moreover shall be dismissed from his or their said office or employment, and he for ever disabled from bolding or executing the same or any other office and employment under this act.

Cl. And, in order to defray the expence of the said several regulations and provisions, Be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June next every owner or master of any ship or vessel laden with coals for the sale and delivery thereof as aforesaid, or the vender of or dealer in such coals shall, before he shall sell ot deliver for sale and consumption as aforesaid, any cargo of coals, from any ship or vessel in the said port or harbour, or on the shores of the said rivers Humber and Hull, pay to the said inspector at the time of taking out such certificate as aforesaid the sum of one penny for each and every chaldron of which such cargo shall consist; and every person employed as a porter or carrier for the carriage and delivery of coals as aforesaid shall pay to the said inspector, <m making such entry and registry as aforesaid, and yearly and every year on the twenty-fourth day of June the sum of sixpence, and the owner of every cart which shall be so employed shall, on making such entry and registry as aforesaid, and yearly and every year on the said twenty-fourth day of June, pay for the same the sum of one shilling; and in case any surplus shall remain in the hands of the said inspector of the monies so to be collected and received by him, after payment of his salary and the necessary ex pence and charge of carrying the aforesaid regulations and provisions into

Clash I.] Commissioners and Penalties.

' 14*7

effect^ th« aatne shall be paid bver by biirt at the end of every year to the treasurer for the time being of the said fcommissioners, to be Applied krid disposed of for the general purposes of this act as the said commissioners, Shall front tithe to time direct and appoint.

Clf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and majr be lawfal to and for the said commissioners and they are hereby empowered froth tithe to time and at any tithe hereafter, when and so often as they see occasion dr that the same may be expedient, to reduce and lessen the said several rates or taxes, sum or sums of money, or any of them, and afterwards to advance and raise the same or any of them at their discretion, so ha the same do not respectively exceed the amount of the sum or sums hereby imposed as aforesaid.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the penalties hereby imposed, and made recoverable before the mayor or any of the aldermen of the said town, for any offence or offences contrary to the aforesaid regulation* and provisions shall be paid and divided hs follows, that is to say t one moiety thereof shall go and be paid to the informet or ihformers, and the other moiety shall go and be paid to the governor, deputjr governor, assistants and guardians of the poor within the said town, for the use of the poor of the said united parishes.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent br exclude any person or persons from bringing to, landing or delivering in the said port or harbour, or in or upon the shores of the said riveri Hutnbtet and Hull, or carrying or conveying from the place or places of landing to any other placje br places, in and by his, her or their own servants, horses or carts, or with the servants, horses or carts of any other person or persons, any coals to and for his, her or their own use and consumption only, or to compel or oblige uch person or persons to bring ot deliver to the said inspector the original bills or tickets, bill or ticket given with the same at the collieries or pita where such coals wiete won, or to mike and give such account or affidavit ha aforesaid j br obtain such certificate thereof, or to pay such tax, tate or Butt as aforesaid, such person or persons so claiming such exemption verifying the same, if required by the said inspector, upon oath before the mayor or any one of the aldermen of the said town.

G V. And be it farther enacted* That if any person or persons shall at any time or times obstruct, hinder or molest any of the said commissioners, or any surveyor, collector or othet officer or Workman, br any other person or persons whomsoever who shall be employed by virtile of this act in the performance or execution of his or their duty, or shall destroy, injure, waste or embeazle any of the stores ot materials of or belonging to the said com*-missioners or procured for the purposes of this act, every such person sb offending shall for the first offence forfeit any sum not exceeding ten shillings, and for the second offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, had for the third arid every other offence any sain not exceeding five pounds.

GVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said cdirimisstonfers frota time to time to make* ordain, and establish ueb by-laws, rules, orders and regulations for the several purposes of this let and for the conduct of the several persons to be employed in the execution thereof, and likewise from time to time to repeal, add to, amend, wary and alter all or any of such by-laws, rules, orders and regulations as to them shall seein most fitting and requisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding five pounds for the non-observance or Other breach of any such by-laws, rules, orders and regulations, or of any part or parts of them; and the said commissioners shall cause all such by-lawi, rules, orders and regulations to be printed and distributed, and vtueft up or placed upon sonie conspicuous place or places within the said town and liberty, lordship or precinct respectively; and all such by-laws roles, orders and regulations, so made, printed, distributed and stuck up, that! be good and shall be binding on all persons concerned, provided that the same be not Inconsistent with or repugnant to the laws of that part of the Uriitfd Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or incon-aistent with or repugnant to ttab provisions and directions in this act con-

50 Geo. IH. c. 4l.

Commissioners may redure the Tax or Hate.

Application of the Penalties under the Coal Regulations.

Not to extend to Persons importing Coals for their own use.

Penalty on Persons obstruction Commie, loners or their Officer*.

Commissioners may make Bylaw* for the purposes of this Act.

MS

Penalties. [Part III.

60 Geo. m. c. 41.

Conviction of Offender and Application of Penalties recovered before a Magistrate.

Tom of Coeviction,

Recovery of Pen. eltks above 104.

Power of administering Oaths and taking Affirmations.

Commissi oners may compound for Penalties for performance of Contracts.

Compelling Attendance of Witnesses

tained; and such by-laws, rules, orden and regulations shall be subject to appeal in manner by this act directed.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case (save where by this act is otherwise directed) all and every of the penalties by this act inflicted, or by any rule, order, by-law or regulation made in pursuance thereof, shall and may be sued for by any person whomsoever, within one calendar month from the day on which each respective offence shall be committed, by information or complaint before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, and such penalties, with costs to be fixed by such justice, shall upon conviction of the respective offenders be levied on his, her or their goods and chattels by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice; and if no goods or chattels shall be found whereby such penalties and costs may be levied, then such offenders shall be committed by such justice to the common gaol of the said town and county, there to remain for such space of time, not exceeding fourteen days as such justice shall fix or appoint, and each conviction shall be drawn up in the following form of words or in any other form of words to the same effect (videlicet; )

" Be it remembered, That on the day of

" in the year of our Lord

" A. B. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty's justices of the u peace for the [specifying the offence

" and time and place when and where the tame was committed, a* the " cate may be.] Given under my hand and seal the day and year " above mentioned."

And all such penalties, save where by this act is otherwise directed, shall when levied be paid and applied as following (videlicet; ) one half thereof with such costs as aforesaid to such informer, and the other half thereof to the treasurer to be appointed by or under this act, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all coses where any penalty by this act imposed for any offence committed against the same shall amount to more than the sum of ten pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, within six calendar months after the offenc? shall be committed, with full costs of suit; in which suit or prosecution no essoign or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the said commissioners or any justice or justices of the peace are authorized to examine any person or persons on oath or affirmation, it shall be lawful for such commissioners and justices and they are hereby required and empowered to administer such oath or affirmation.

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners from time to time and at all times hereafter to compound and agree with any person or persons against whom the said commissioners shall bring or cause to be brought any action or suit for any penalty or forfeiture contained in any contract or contracts hereafter to be made or entered into in pursuance of this act, on account of any breach or non-performance of any such contract or contracts, for such sum of money as they shall think proper, so as the sum so compounded and agreed for be a full compensation not only for the injury or damage sustained by the breach or non-performance of such contract or contracts, but also for all costs, chargee and ex pence* which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as such composition do not extend to remit more than one half of the said penalty or forfeiture.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses on the part either of the prosecutor or of the party or parties accused to give evidence before any one or more of the justices of the peace for the said town and county of the same, touching any matter of fact contained in any information or complaint for any offence against this act, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed (having been paid or tendered a reasonable sum for his, her or their costs and charges,) without a reasonable excuse for such his, ber or their refusal or neglect, or appearing shall refuse

Class I.]

Penalties and Appeal.

149

to be examined on oath (or on solemn affirmation in case he, she or they be of the people called quakers) and to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, then and in either of the said cases every such person so refusing or neglecting to appear, or appearing and refusing to be examined and give evidence as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence any sura not exceeding ten pounds.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That in all actions, informations, causes and proceedings whatsoever relating to or concerning the execution of this act, no inhabitant of the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, nor any other person whatsoever shall be deemed an incompetent witness to give evidence by reason of his or her being such inhabitant, or being charged with or liable to pay, or having paid any rate or assessment to be made under or by virtue of this act.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the justice or justices of the peace before whom shall be recovered any of the pecuniary penalties to be imposed by this act (where no other manner of mitigation of any such penalties is hereby directed) to mitigate or lessen any of such penalties as he or they in his or their discretion shall think fit.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all costs, charges and expences which shall or may be allowed, ordered or directed to be paid by or by the authority of this act, (where the manner of ascertaining or settling the same is not hereby particularly or otherwise directed) shall from time to time as occasion shall require be ascertained and settled by any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, who are hereby authorized and required to ascertain and settle the same accordingly, and (where the manner of recovering the same is not particularly or otherwise directed by this act) shall and may (in case the same shall not be paid on demand) be levied and recovered by distress of the goods and chattels of the person or persons made subject and liable to the payment thereof by or by authority of this act, and by sale of such goods and chattels (in case the same shall not be redeemed within five days after such distress taken,) the overplus (if any) to be returned to such person or persons upon demand, which said distress and sale shall be by warrant under the bands and seals of any two such justices of the peace (who are hereby authorized and empowered to grant and issue such warrant accordingly; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such costs, charges and expences shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any two such justices of the peace and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such person or persons to the common gaol or house of correction of the said town and county, there to remain without bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such costs, charges and expences as aforesaid shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any person or persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any rate or assessment, or by any rule, by-law or order, or by any division, conviction or other matter or thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited acts, and where no other method of relief is hereby or by the said recited acts particularly or otherwise appointed or directed, it shall be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the justices of the peace of and for the said town and county, at the general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said town and county next after such conviction, such appellant or appellants first giving or causing to be given eight days notice at the least in writing of his her or their intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, as well to the justice or justices of the peace before whom such person or persons shall have been convicted as to the said clerk to the said commissioners or other person or persons who is or are intended to be affected by such appeal, and further, within five days after giving or causing to be given such notice as aforesaid, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace of and for the said town and county, with two sufficient sureties, in such reasonable sum or sums of money as such justice shall direct, conditioned to try such appeal and to abide such order as shall thereupon be made, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the said justices at such quarter sessions as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said justices and they are hereby authorised to summon before them at such

50 Geo. 111. c. 41.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Miti ation of Penalties.

Justices may ascertain and settle Costa.

Power of Appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Town snd County.

60 Geo. II!. c. 41.

Notice of Appeal.

Distrea not to he deemed unlawful for want of form.

Tib Precept, Ac. id be qunned for want of form.

Limitation of Actions.

Penalties and Appeal. [P4rt ill:

quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof, the witnesses on the parti both of the appellant or appellants and of the respondent or respondents, and upon due proof of such notice as before directed hawing* been given or caused to have been given, and of the entering into such recognizance as hereinbefore is mentioned, at such quarter sessions or adjournment thereof to hear and finally determine the causes and matters of every such appeal hi A summary way, and to award such restitution, damages and costs to the appellant or appellants or respondent or respondents, not exceeding the atnount of the penalties, charges and expences which shall have been actually recovered and received by any person or persons in pursuance of this act, together with such reasonable costs, charges and expences of prosecuting or defending such appeal as the said justices shall think proper; and the said justices may then and there, if they see cause, mitigate any forfeiture or fine, and may order any money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of any such rule, by-law or order, and award such farther satisfaction to be made to the party injured as they shall think proper; which determination of the said justices at such quarter sessions or adjournment thereof as aforesaid shall be Anal, binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CXVI. Provided always, that in case there shall not be time to give the *dd eight days notice before the holding of the next general quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, then such appeal shall and may be made to and beard and determined at the next general quarter sessions following the skid eight days notice of such appeal Ind recognisance having been previously given and entered into as aforesaid.

CXVii. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawfal, nor the party ofc parties making the same a trespasser or trespassers on account erf any defect or want of form id any of the proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties dts* training be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio on account of any subsequent irregularity in the party or parties so distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved may recover by action on the case full satisfaction for the special damage by hhnor them sustained in consequence of such irregularity f but no person or persons shall recover in any such action if tender of sufficient amends shall before such aetion brought have been made by or On the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity as aforesaid, or shall have been guilty of any trespass or other wrongful proceedings; and in case ho such tender shall have beOn made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any Rich action, by leave of the court in which any such action shall be pending, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as be or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders and judgments shall he had, made and given in and by such court as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

CXVIII. And be it farther enacted. That no writ, precept, process, verdict or judgment, nor any proceeding touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act before any one or more of the justice* of the peace in and for the said town and oonnty, nor any order to be made* ior any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or about the execution of this act, shall be made void or quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; any law or statute to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXIX. And be it farther enacted. That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this or the recited acts, until after thirty days notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual places or place of abode of as well the person or persons against whom such action or suit is intended to he brought as the said clerk to the said commissioners for the time being, such notice to be in writing signed by the intended plaintiff or plaintifib, and to contain therein atd set forth the particular cause or causes, ground Or grounds of such action or suit; nor shall any such action or suit be brought or commenced after tender of sufficient amends hath been made to the party or parties aggrievedy nor after six calendar months after the cause of

Class I.]

Penalties and Appeal.

l&I

such action or suit shall have arisen and accrued, and every action or suit which shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act shall be brought and laid in the said town and county, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants therein shall and may plead the general issue, and give this and the said recited acts and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue and under the authority of this act, and if on the trial of such action or suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such action or suit was brought before thirty days notice in writing thereof had been given or left as aforesaid, or after tender of sufficient amends made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after the end of six calendar months next after the cause of such action or suit had arisen and accrued, or that such action or suit was brought or laid in any other county than as aforesaid, then and in every and all of the said cases the jury on the trial of any such action or suit shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants therein; and in all and every of such cases where a verdict shall be found for any defendant or defendants in such aetjon or sujt, or the plaintiff1 or plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the same or become nonsuited, or judgment shall upon demurrer or otherwise be given against such plaintiff or plaintiff *, then the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall have treble costs, and shall have the like remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for recovering his, her or their costs in any other case by law; and though a verdict he given for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff or plaintiffs shall not have costs given against the defendant or defendants therein, unless the judge before whom the trial shall be had shall certify his approbation of the action or suit and the verdict thereupon obtained.

CXX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed tp alter, prejudice, affect, impeach or lessen the several rights of the mayor and burgesses of the town or hprough of Kingston-upon-Hull, or of the justices of the peace of Qr for the said town and county, or the rights, privileges and immunities of the said dock company.

CXXI. Provided also, that nothing in this act ppnlafried shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, alter, abridge ox defeat all or any of the articles, clauses, provisions, powers and authorities in the *yd recited acta or any of them contained, which are not hereby varied, altered or repealed, save and except such part or parts thereof as relate to exemption* from stamp duties.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the exptnee and charge of procuring, obtaining and passing of this act, shall bn paid and borne by the said town and liberty, and lordship or precinct, in and by the shares and proportions following (that is to sayf) one half pari thereof by the said town and liberty, and the remainder of such expenoa and charge by the several divisions or districts of the said lordship or pee* cinct equally; and the costs, charges and expences of obtaining and passing this act, and all incidental expences attendant thereupon, shall be paid and borne by and out of the first monies to he received by virtue thereof before and in preference to ajl other payments whatsoever; and all such sum and sums of money as shall have been raised and subscribed for the purpose of obtaining the same shall be repaid and reimbursed to the person or persons who shall have advanced the same.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of ns such by all judges, justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

50 Geo. IU. c. 41.

Treble Costs.

Baring the Right of the Mayor, he.

This act not to repeal former Acta.

Public Art

Market-Place.

[Part III.

41 Geo. 111. c. 65.

CLASS II

MARKET-PLACE.

Piwrable.

Mayor and Burgewec to enlarge the Market-Place, and take down the Guildhall for that Purpose.

To erect another Guildhall at their own Expence.

During the Time of taking down and rebuildint the Guildhall, Mayor, itc. to provide a Place for the public Business.

To lay out a new Street, fcc .;

41 Geo. III. Cap. G5. Royal Assent, 20th June, 1801.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market-Place of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the river Humber, with a Dock and Wharf or Landing Place for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said town.

WHEREAS the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull is very large and populous; and, from the great increase of inhabitants, and of the trade and commerce thereof, the market-place bath become too small, and the streets called the butchery, and queen-street, near and leading thereto, are very narrow and incommodious:

III. And whereas it would contribute much to the convenience and accommodation, as well of the inhabitants of the said town as the public in general, if the said market-place were enlarged and improved; and if divers messuages, tenements, and buildings, in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, were taken down, and one commodious street made, to extend from the south-end of the market-place aforesaid to the river Humber; and if a dock were made at the south-end of the same street, adjoining the river, with a proper and convenient wharf or landing place for the accommodation of the said ferry and market boats:

IV. May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comptons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the mayor and burgesses of the said town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in common council assembled, shall be and they are hereby empowered to take down the building called or known by the name of the Guildhall of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and to lay out the ground whereon the same stands, or so much thereof as they shall judge necessary, in enlarging and improving the market-place of the said town; and the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, are hereby directed and required, at their own expence, to erect and build or cause to be erected and built, iu a good and workmanlike manner, a larger and more commodious Guildhall, upon such part of the ground whereon the present Guildhall now stands as shall not be wanted for the purposes aforesaid, and on other ground belonging to the said mayor and burgesses which adjoins thereto, or upon some part of the ground near or adjoining to the pTerant Guildhall, which shall be purchased under the authority of this act; and that the said new Guildhall, when erected and bnilt as aforesaid, shall be maintained, supported, and kept in repair by and at the expence of the said mayor and burgesses and their successors for ever.

V. And be it further enacted, That during the time of taking down the present Guildhall, and until the said new Guildhall shall have been built, and made fit and opened for public business, the said mayor and burgesses shall and they are hereby directed and required, at their own ex pence, to provide some other fit and convenient place, in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to be used iu like manner and for the like purposes as the present Guildhall hath been used or is properly applicable.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, and they

Clans II.] Market-Place.

158

are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves or their deputies, agents, workmen, and servants, to design, lay out, open and make a spacious and commodious street, of the breath of not less than forty feet, to extend from the south-end of the market-place aforesaid in a southerly direction to the river Humber, and to erect dwelling-houses, shops, and other buildings on the east side thereof; also a suitable and convenient dock at the south-end of the said street, to communicate with the river, and a public wharf or landing place there, for the accommodation of the ferry and market boats belonging and resorting to the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull: and for those purposes, to purchase and take down all such houses and other buildings as are described or mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, or such or so many of them, or such parts thereof respectively, as may be necessary; and to leave open all or so much of the sites of the said houses or the grounds thereunto belonging as they may judge proper for the purposes aforesaid; and to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, dwelling-houses or other buildings upon such part of the ground to be purchased by virtue and under the authority of this act, as shall not be wanted for the street intended to be made as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, shall well and effectually pave over the ground of the said new intended street, with the materials of the pavement of the present streets so far as they will extend, and with a sufficient quantity of new materials of like quality to supply the deficiency; and that, after the same new street shall be so completed, made and paved as aforesaid, the same shall for ever after be kept in repair by such ways and means as the other public streets in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull are now kept in repair, and shall be subject to the like powers, provisoes and authorities, with respect to paving, lighting and cleansing, as the other public streets in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull are now subject to; and that after the said dock and wharf or landing place as aforesaid shall be made and completed, the same shall be maintained, supported and kept in repair by and at the expence of the said mayor and burgesses and their successors for ever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, to cause to be built upon, stopped up, or inclosed, any of the present courts, alleys, ways or passages adjoining the said intended new street, and which now are or heretofore were used as ways or passages, and any part or parts thereof which shall appear to the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, proper to be built upon, stopped up or inclosed, for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and to sell and dispose of or let the ground and soil thereof to any person or persons, for such uses as they hall think proper, and to apply the money arising by such sale or sales or letting, to the purposes of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to treat and agree, and to employ any person or persons to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons entitled thereto, for the purchase of all the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments mentioned and described in the schedule hereunto annexed, or so many or such part or parts of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments respectively, as they shall think necessary or proper to be purchased, removed or pulled down, for effecting the said improvements; and after payment of the sum or sums of money which shall be agreed upon or ascertained for such purchase or purchases, the said mayor and burgesses in oomraon council assembled*are hereby authorized to appoint their agents or workmen to pull down such houses or buildings, and remove, sell, or dispose of the materials thereof, and to lay out such lands respectively into such intended street as aforesaid, or otherwise apply and dispose thereof for the purposes of this act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any premises in the schedule hereunto annexed mentioned, or any of the persons in whose possession or occupation the same or any part thereof are or is stated or described to be, shall happen to be misnamed or inaccurately described, such

u

41 Geo. in. c. 65.

And also to build Houses,

Now Sliest to be

paved.

To appropriate Courts, Alleys, Ac. Ac. taken for the Purpose* of this Act.

Mayor, Ac. empowered te purchase.

Misnomer not to

Act.

154

Market-Place. [Part Hi.

41 Geo. III. c. 65.

No Person com.

Kliable to sell ir* of hi* Property If willing to tell the Whole.

Corporation not *aluing or par-chasing Premises within certain Periods, the Owners thereof not bound to sell to them.

Bodies Politic, fee. Trustees, and other Persons empowered to sell and convey Lands, Ate.

misnomer or inaccurate description shall not prevent or retard the execution of this act; but the same premises, and every part threof, shall and may be purchased, sold, conveyed, disposed of, and applied to and for the purposes of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same were properly or more particularly named or described.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, shall be applied to, by, or on behalf of the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, to treat for, sell, dispose of, or convey, for any of the purposes of this act, any part or parts of any house, building, land, tenement or hereditament, in the actual occupation of one person, or of several persons jointly, and shall by notice in writing to be left at the office of the town clerk of the said town of Kingston-upon*Hull, within thirty days next after such application, signify his, her, or their inclination or desire to treat for, sell, dispose of, and convey the whole of such house, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, some part whereof shall be deemed necessary to be purchased for the purposes of this act, and it shall happen that the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the whole of such house, building, land, tenement or hereditament, then and in every such case nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the several persons interested therein to treat for, sell, dispose of, or convey part only, or less than the whole of such house, building, land, tenement or hereditament; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall not, within the space of twelve calendar months next after the passing of this act, agree for or cause to be valued as hereinafter mentioned, and within six years then next following actually purchase and pay for the houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments which they are hereby empowered to purchase for the purposes aforesaid, then and in such case the owners or proprietors of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments which shall not have been so agreed for or valued, purchased, and paid for, within the several times hereinbefore limited for such purposes respectively, shall not be bound or obliged to sell such houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or any of them, or any part or parcel of them or any of them, to the said mayor and burgesses, for the purposes of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, trustees and feoffees in trust for charitable or other uses, and all other trustees and feoffees in trust whatsoever, guardians and committees for lunatics and idiots, executors, administrators and guardians whatsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, which by the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall be thought necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this act, to sell and convey, assign or surrender all or any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, or any part or parcel thereof, and all their respective interests therein of what nature or kind soever, to the mayor and burgesses of the said town or borough of Kingston-upomHull and their successors, or any person or persons in trust for them; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, sales, cenveyances, assignments, surrenders and assurances which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, hut also to convey all right, estate, interest, use, trust, property, claim and demand whatsoever of their several and respective cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing

166

CktM II.] Market-Place.

whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; all which 41 Geo. Ill* conveyances and surrenders so to be made in pursuance of this act, or a c 55 memorial thereof, shall, within six calendar months next after the making thereof, be registered ai the public register office established in Beverley, in the East Riding of the county of York, by an act passed in the sixth year Conveyance to bs of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, at the expence of the pur- wg slered* chasers; and that all such persons so conveying as aforesaid, or making such assurances as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter or form whatsoever; and if it shall happen that ^hen any bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or any other person or per- Jc.^Jurticeof aons, seised or possessed of, or interested in any such houses, buildings, Peice for th« lands, tenements or hereditaments, in the said schedule mentioned and Riding of described, shall refuse to treat or agree, or by reason of disability cannot York^hJiues agree with the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or precept for cm. with any person or persons authorized by them, for the sale and conveyance of panne liing 1 their respective estates and interests therein, or shall not produce and *arf* evince a clear title to the premises they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the satisfaction of the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or of the person or persons so authorized by them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the East Riding of the county of York, upon application to him made by the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, and such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, within fourteen days next after such application to be made, to issue his warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriff of the said county of York, who is hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons of the said riding, qualified to serve on juries, not less than forty-eight nor more than seventy-two; and out of ^otr#tobe such persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a jury of draw0*2 the Act twelve men shall be drawn by some person to be by the said justice ap- 3 Geo. 11. directs, pointed, in such manner as juries for the trials of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster are by an act made in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, intituled," An Act for the better regulation of juries," directed to be drawn; which persons so to be im.ianneled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said justice at such time and place, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said justice from day to day until discharged by him; and all parties concerned j

shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, ctulkoged. but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the said justice is hereby authorized and empowered by precept or precepts, from time to time as occasion shall require, to call before him all and every person and persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a witness or witnesses, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, touching or concerning the premises; and the said justice, if be thinks fit, shall and may, on the application of either party, otherwise authorize the said jury to view the place or places or premises in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said justice shall have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day, as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, witnesses and parties to attend until all such affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said jury upon their oaths J'iry towmthe (which oaths, as also the oaths of such person or persons as shall be called Vt, ue on Orth, upon to give evidence, the said justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire of the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and interests of every person or persons seised or possessed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof, and shall assess or award the sum or sums of money to be paid to such person or persons, party or parties respectively, for the purchase of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, and of such respective estates and interests therein, and also for the goodwill, improvements, or any injury or damage

m

Market-Place. [Part III *

41 Geo. l\U c. 65.

Verdict of the

iu3*&c* *°1)0

Upon Ptyment or the Value MKaaed, the Premises to be conveyed to the Mayor, fee.

When a good Title cannot be made, or legal Conveyances executed,

whatsoever that may affect any such person or persons, party or parties,

either as leaseholder or tenant at will, and the said justices shall and may £ive judgment for such sum or sums of money so to be assessed; which said verdict or verdicts, and the said judgment and judgments, determination and determinations thereupon (notice in writing being given to the person or persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least fourteen days before the time of meeting of the said justice and jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling-house of such person or persons, or at bis, her, or their usual place or places of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of some of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments intended to be valued or assessed) shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as well against the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all bodies politic, corporate and collegiate, and all and every person and persons claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use or interest in, to, or out of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments and premises, in possession, reversion, remainder or expectancy, as well as infants and issue unborn, lunatics, idiots and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or disability, as all other cestuique trusts, bis, bet, and their heirs, successors, executors and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever; and the said verdicts, judgments, and determinations, and all other proceedings of the said justice and juries so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and signed by the clerk of the peace for the said riding; and in case it shall so happen that the sum or sums of money so to be assessed and awarded, in consequence of such refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or as such proportionable value as aforesaid, and as the recompence and satisfaction to be made for the injury or damage sustained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the sum or sums of money which the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or any person or persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such value, recoil-pence and satisfaction, then and in every such case all the reasonable costs, charges and expences of causing and procuring such value and recompence to be assessed and awarded by a jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or other person or persons so seised or possessed of, or interested in such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, tad so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and tbt said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said costs, charges and expences out of the sum or sums of money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any part thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the sum or sums of money so to be awarded and adjudged as aforesaid, after such deduction as aforesaid, if the case shall so require, to the peison or persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the purchase of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, assignments, and assurances in the law to the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, or any person or persons in trust for them, of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, assignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect title thereto to the said mayor and burgesses; and such conveyances, assignments, and assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall, on the part of the said mayor and burgesses, be required; and ia case the person or persons to whom such sum or sums of money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince and make out a good and sufficient title to the premises to the satisfaction of the said mayor and burgesses, and to make or procure to be made good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the said mayor and burgesses, or aay person or penoai In trust for them, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such

MathtuPlaeeV

Class II.]

167

sum or sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, after such deduction as aforesaid, being- produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing or procuring to be executed such conveyances, assignments, and assurances as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them; or in case any such person or persons to whom any sum or sums of money as aforesaid shall be so awarded, cannot be found in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or within two hundred miles thereof; or in case that by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, what person or persons is or are entitled to the premises in question, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses to order the said sum or sums of money so assessed and awarded as the value and purchase money for the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments (describing them) subject to the order, controul and disposition of the said court of chancery; which said court of chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum or sums, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the same court shall seem meet, to order distribution thereof, according to the respective estate or estates, title or interest of the person or persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other order in the premises as the same court shall think just and reasonable; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, who shall receive such sum and sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such person as shall pay any such sum or sums into the bank as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That alt such verdicts, judgments, determinations, orders and other proceedings of the said justice and juries as relate to or concern any of the cases before mentioned, and all receipts which the said cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give for any sum or sums of money paid into the bank in consequence of any such verdict and jndgment, shall be entered among the records of the general quarter sessions of the peace for the said riding; and the said verdicts, judgments, sentences, decrees and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever; and all persons shall and may have recourse to the same gratis, and to take copies thereof, paying for every copy not exceeding two hundred words sixpence, and so proportionally for any greater number of words; and immediately after such verdicts, judgments, sentences, decrees, orders and other proceedings of the said justice and juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, and after such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cashiers shall be given as before mentioned, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, into and out of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said mayor and burgesses, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual seisin or possession thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as. if every person having any estate in the premises, had actually conveyed the same by lease and release, bargain and sale inrolled. feoffment with liveTy of seisin, fine, common recovery, or any other conveyance or assurance whatsoever; and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim and demand of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, bat also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and ail estates tail, and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and the issue and issues of such person and persons, and every person

41 Geo. III. c. 65.

Or the Part it* are not to be found;

Court to order the Purchase Money lo be paid into the Bank, hr.

Subject to the Order of Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Verdicts to be recorded.

Immediately after Verdicts snd Payments, fee. Premises to rest in Mayor, kc.

Market-Place. (Pirt III.

41 Geo. III.

c. 65.

Application of Compensation where exceeding 300 Jf.

Application wln?re the Money does oor exceed 300jf. not less than 20jf.

Application where money is lew than 30jt.

claiming under them, as effectually as fines or common reooreties would do if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the powers of this act, for the purposes thereof, which shall belong to any corporation, feme covert, infant, lunatic, or person or persons under any other disability or incapacity aforesaid, such money shall, in case the same shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account there ex parte the said mayor and burgesses, to the intent that such money shall be applied, under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, to be signified by an order made upon a petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in the purchase of the land tax, or towards the discharge of any debt or debts, or such other incumbrance, or part thereof, as the said court shall authorize to be paid, affecting other houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or to the like use *, intents or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like direction and approbation of the said court, in the purchase of other houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like uses, trusts, iutents and purposes, and in the same manner as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time and until such purchase shall be made, the said money shall, by order of the court of chancery, upon application thereto, be invested by the said accountant general, in his name, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities; and in the mean time, and until the said bank annuities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said consolidated or reduced bank annuities shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to tr.e rent and profits of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such purchase or settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or beieditaments purchased, taken, or used for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any corporation, or to any person or persons under disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall (at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, in case of infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective bands) be paid into the bank, in the name and with the privity of the said accountant general of the high court of chancery, and be placed to his account as aforesaid. In order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like option) to two trustees, to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved of by the said mayor and burgesses (such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties) in order that such principal money and the dividends thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direction or approbation of the court of chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That where such money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than twenty pounds, then and in ill such cases the same shall be

Market-Place,

Class II.]

159

applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said mayor and burgesses shall think fit; or in case of infancy or lunacy, then to bis, her, or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the conveyances of any such estate or interest of any feme covert to the said mayor and burgesses, or any person or persons in trust for them, by indenture or indentures of bargain and sale, sealed and delivered by such feme covert in the presence of and attested by two credible witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and enrolled at the register office in andf or the East Riding of the county of York and town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, within six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such feme covert in the premises, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law; and further, that all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said mayor and burgesses by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like force, effect and operation in law, to all intents and purposes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever would have had, if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premises in trust for such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

XXII. Provided also, and he it further enacted, That where, by reason of any disability or incapacity of the person or persons or corporation entitled to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be purchased under the authority of this act, the purchase money for the same shall be required to be paid into the court of chancery, and applied in the purchase of other lands, tenements or hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for the said court of chancery to order the expences of all purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this act, or so much of such expence as the said court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said mayor and burgesses, who shall from time to time pay such sums of money for such purposes as the said court shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons whomsoever having or claiming any right, title, interest, use, property, claim and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder or expectancy, into or out of any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which by virtue and for the purposes of this act shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned or intended to be conveyed to the said mayor and burgesses, or any person or persons in trust for them, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the enrolment of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of such their right, title, interest, use, property, claim and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the town clerk of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, which book the said town clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry he shall be entitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the east riding of the county of York is by law entitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words; and all and every person and persons whomsoever, not entering such right, claim and demand within such time and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the name, and not prosecuting such their right, claim or demand with effect within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, hall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, into, upon, or out of the said premises, and every part thereof, and the said mayor and burgesses, and those claiming by, from, or under them, ball be quieted in the possession of all such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises; any law, statute, usage, matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

41 Geo. III. c. 65.

Bargain* and Sale* to hair the Force of Fine* end Recoveries.

The Court of Chancery may order reason able Expencrsof Purchases to he paid by the Mayor and Burgesses.

Persons having any Right, fee. to enter their Claims within a limited Time, or be barred.

L.

Market-Place.

[Part 111.

41 Geo. III. c. 65.

But may recover the Purchase Money, iic. from Persons receiving the same.

Tenant at Will, |lcc. to deliver Possession on Six Months Notice.

Mortgagees, on Tender of Principal and Interest to convey.

On Refusal, Interest to cease.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any person

or persons barred of any right, title, estate, interest, claim, or demand whatsoever, into or out of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, by virtue of this act, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt, or for money had and received to bis, her, or their use, against any person or persons, or the legal representatives of any person or persons who shall have received all or any part of the purchase money arising from such sale of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises aforesaid; and that in every such case the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would enable them to recover such houses, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises which they would have been entitled to recover in case this act bad not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every tenant at will, or lessee for a year, or any other person or persons in possession of any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, and who shall have no greater interest in the premises than as tenant at will, or as lessee for a year, or from year to year, shall deliver up the possession of such premises to the said mayor and burgesses, or to such person or persons as the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall appoint to take possession of the same, upon having six calendar months notice to quit such possession from the mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or the person or persons so authorized by them; and such person or persons in possession shall, at the end of the said six calendar months, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premises to the said mayor and burgesses, or the person or persons authorized by the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled to take possession thereof; and that in case any such person or persons so in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace for the said town and county of the said town of Kingston-upon-llull, to issue his precept or precepts to the sheriff of the said town and county, to deliver possession of the premises to such person or persons as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said sheriff is hereby required to deliver such possession accordingly of the said premises, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts on the person or persons so refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall have any mortgage or mortgages on such houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments, not being in possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall, on the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together with the amount of six calendar months interest on the said principal money, by the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such mortgage or mortgages to the said mayor and burgesses, or to such person or persons as they the said mayor and burgesses in common council shall appoint; or in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing from the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or such person or persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the principal money and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages at the end or expiration of six calendar months, to be computed from the day of giving such notice, that then at the end of the said six calendar months, on payment of the principal and interest so due, such mortgagee or mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their interest in the premises to the said mayor and burgesses, or such person or persons as shall be appointed in trust for them: and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

Class II.] Market-Place.

161

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into the bank, at the end of six calendar months from the day of giving such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagees, the cashier or cashiers shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in case* of other payments into the bank, and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim and demand of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of all and every person and persons in trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said mayor and burgesses, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual possession of the premises comprized in such mortgage or mortgages to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXYT1II. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money, or other consideration, recompence, or satisfaction to be paid or made pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, or in discharge of any such mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the party or parties entitled to the samr, or paid into the bank of England as aforesaid, before the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or any person or persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any house or houses, or other erections or buildings comprized in or affected by such agreement, verdict, or mortgage respectively, or to use the ground for any of the purposes of this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any justice of the peace for the said riding shall have power from time to time to impose a reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, on such sheriff or his deputy, bailiffs or agents respectively, making default in the premises, and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their verdicts, and also on any person or persons who shall be summoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend (unless for some sufficient excuse) or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their evidence, and on any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their duty in the premises, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and from time to time to levy such fine or fines, by order of the said justice respectively, by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners; and that a copy of the order of the said justice, signed by the clerk of the peace of the said East Riding or his deputy for the time being, shall respectively be sufficient authority to the person or persons therein to be appointed, and to every other person or persons acting, or aiding or assisting therein to make such distress and sale; and all such fines shall be paid to the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, to be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled to sell and dispose of, and by indenture under their common seal to grant and convey in fee, either for a sum orRums of money in gross or for an annual rent, or to mortgage or demise for a term of years, all such of the said messuages, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments which shall he purchased by and conveyed to the said mayor and burgesses and their successors, as shall not be wanted for the purposes of the said intended new street, or the said dock or landing place, or any part or parts thereof, for such sum or sums of money, or under such yearly rents, and to be reserved or limited iu such manner, as the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall from time to time judge proper; and that all such grants, conveyances, mortgages and demises shall be valid and effectual in the law, any thing herein contained or any other law, statute or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon payment of the money which shall arise by the sale or sales, mortgage or mortgages, of such messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part or parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the treasuier or treasurers for the time being of the said mayor and burgewe* to sign and give receipts for the money for which the same shall be sold, which receipts shall be sufficieut discharges to the purchaser or purchasers, mortgagee or mortgagees, for the money for which such premise* shall be so sold or mortgaged, or for so much thereof as in such receipt* shall be

x

41 Geo. HI. e. 65.

Upon Payment of Principal and Interest into the Bank.

Monies tn be paid or tendered before any Use made of the Premise*.

Justice for the East Riding may fine Sheriff, Juries, or Witnesses, for not attending, See.

Mayor, fee. empowered to rw> ell Land, fee.

Mar ktl- Place.

IK

[Part III.

41 Ge«. III. c. 65.

And to use or sell old Material*.

Monies arising by Sales, flic, to be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act.

Mayor, &c. empowered to appoint Committees.

Person* inter. est*d not eligib!* on such Committee.

Direction for giving Notice of Contracts.

Acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such person or persons shall not be answerable or accountable for any losses, misapplication or non-application, of such purchase money or any part thereof: provided always, that the said mayor and burge.-ses, before they shall sell and dispose of such lands or buildings, shall first offer to re-sell the same to the person or persons from whom they shall have purchased such lands or buildings; and in case such person or persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the same, any affidavit to be made and sworn before a master extraordinary in the high court of chancery, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, by some person or pi rsons no way interested in the said lands or buildings, stating that such offer was made by or on behalf of the said mayor and burgesses, and that such offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the person or persons to whom the same was so offered, shall in all courts whatsoever be sufficient evidence and proof that such offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refused by the person or persons to whom it was made, as the case may be.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, shall and may use or cause to be used such of the old materials of houses and other buildings to be taken down, removed, or altered respectively pursuant to this act, in or about the making and finishing of the aforesaid new buildings and other improvements, or any of them, or the same materials, or any part thereof, shall and may sell or cause to be sold as they shall think fit.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all rents and other sum and sums of money to arise by the sale or letting of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements and hereditaments to be let or sold, or by sale of the materials of houses and buildings to be purchased and pulled down as aforesaid, shall be applied and the same are hereby appropriated to the purposes of this act, and to no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses in pommon council assembled, from time to time to appoint one or more committee or committees to manage and transact all or any of the matters or purposes which they the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled are hereby authorized and required to do, execute or perform; which committee or committees so to be appointed, shall have such or so much of the powers and authorities by this act given to the said mayor and birrgesses in common council assembled, as the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall think fit or proper to delegate to such committee or committees.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any person, being a member of any $uch committee, shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any contract which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of such committee, for or concerning any of the works to be performed or done in pursuance of this act, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, every such contract shall be void; and the person who, being a member of such committee, shall be so interested or concerned, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed, in which action or suit respectively, no protection, essoign, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to the making of any such contract, notice shall be given in one of the Hull newspapers, and by hand bills circulated in the said town of King6ton-upon-Hull, that such committee intend to make such contract, and that all persons willing to engage therein may make proposals to the said committee, at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified; and all contracts made or to be made in consequence of such notice, shall s lecify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the clerk for the time being of suck committee, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform

Market-Place.

Class II.}

i

such works respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by such committee.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, or such committee or committees as shall be appointed as hereinbefore is directed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively, from time to time to nominate and appoint such and so many clerks and other officers under them, as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the execution of all or any of the purposes aforesaid, and to make such allowances to the said clerks and officers respectively, for their care and pains in the execution of their respective offices, as they shall think reasonable; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every officer and officers, or other person or persons whomsoever concerned or to be concerned in the receipt of any money under or by virtue of this act, before he or they shall be permitted to take upon him or them the execution of any of the said offices, shall be bound with sufficient sureties to the said mayor and burgesses for the just and faithful execution of such office or employment, in such reasonable sum or sums of money as by the said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled shall bethought fit, having regard to the trust reposed or to be reposed in such officer or officers.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Tha* if any such officer or officers, or other person or persons as last above-mentioned, shall after receipt of any of the monies aforesaid divert or misapply the same, or any part thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then such officer or person respectively as aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said money, shall forfeit treble the sum so diverted or misapplied, with full costs of suit; which said forfeitures shall be recovered by the said mayor and burgesses by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, w herein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed. *

163

41 Geo. HI. c. 65.

Mayor, kc to appoint Oii'icrrs.

Otflrpr* C' n-

crriM'ii in tha ltercipt of Moiiry to {five Set urity.

Pernltv on Mie-

a|)|iltr«lioil of Moiiiim.

THE SCHEDULE TO WHICH THIS ACT REFERS.

In the Fish Shamble Alleys.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of William-Thorley.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Robert Stoakes.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of William Middleton.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Frances Peat.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of John Daggitt.

Three small tenements or dwelling-houses, in the several occupations of John Bean, William Brigham, William Petre.

A dwelling-house in the several occupations of Elizabeth Forth, Christopher Smith, Daniel Foley, Matthew Soloman, and Willet.

Two small tenements or dwelling-houses, in the several occupations of Jonathan Ackrell, Alexander Wright, Susannah Myers, and Edward Kirby.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Peter Watson.

Two small tenements or dwelling-houses, and several out-offices, in the several occupations of Thomas Dunn, Mary Daniel, and others.

In the Butchery.

A shop in the occupation of William Barrow.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of Edward Stennit.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of George Wilson

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of John Ferraby.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of David Mills.

Several small tenements or dwelling-houses, and a warehouse, behind the hereditaments and premises occupied by the said Peter Watson, George Wilson, John Ferraby and David Mills, in the several occuoatiotis of the said David Mills and his under tenants, Widow Ellis, Ann Taylor, Henry Burrill, Widow Giliard, John Redmore, John M'Kay, William Leak, John Savage, John Moody #nd Robert Brady.

8m sect. 48, 49, 50, 51; title '* Ferryboat Deck," pent

Market-Place.

[Part III.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Matthew Weyllandt, and a small tenement behind the same, in the occupation of John Robinson.

Three dwelling-houses or tenements, in the several occupations of Thomas Peck, Alexander Mills, Matthew Aby, John Walker, George Askew and Robert Blake.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of the said John Walker.

A dwelling-house and shop, partly in the Butchery and partly in Black-friargate, in the occupation of Edward Chapman.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of John Drew.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of George Watson.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of John Walker.

A dwelling-house and brewery, lately occupied by James Hopwood, but now untenanted.

Three small tenements or dwelling-houses behind the last-mentioned premises, in the several occupations of James Warren, Elizabeth Hall, Richard Bailey, George Dinsdill, John Harpon and Richard Hutchinson.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of Ambrose Metcalfe.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of William Sissison.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation o'f John Hodgson.

A dwelling-house and shop in the several occupations of Walter Lockhart and Robert Porter.

A shop or warehouse in the occupation of George Watson.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of Joseph Shiner.

A Dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of James Hatfield.

A dwelling-house and shop partly in Blackfriargate and partly in Queen-street, in the occupation of Richard Parker.

A workshop, buildings and ground adjoining, in the occupation of the said Richard Parker.

A dwelling-house and bakehouse in the occupation of Ambrose Fox.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Christopher Wadsworth.

A dwelling-house and tenement in the several occupations of Roger Banks, Thomas Wray and John Hardcastle.

Six small tenements or dwelling-houses in the several occupations of Elizabeth Waite, William Johnson, Edward Whitehouse, John Mills, Nelly Godfrey, John Ward, Williatn Dick, Cornelius Ripley, John Graham, John Sugden and William Chapman.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Elizabeth Linroth, widow.

Six small tenements or dwelling«houses in the several occupations of John Long, William Berridge, William Gumston, Francis Reast, John Batchelor, Widow Sugden and Ann Lented.

A dwelling-house in the several occupations of Robert Watson, Alexander Ramsey and Thomas Tennott.

A dwelling-house in the occupation of Francis Carter and Elisabeth Lewis.

A dwelling-house partly in Fore Ropery and partly in Back Ropery, or Humber-street, in the occupation of Ralph Morton.

A dwelling-house partly in Fore Ropery and partly in Bads Ropery, or Humber-street, in the occupation of John Baxter.

Two dwelling-houses or tenements in the several occupations of Dnneaa Furguson and John Ferrier.

In and on the north side of Blackfriargate.

In and on the south side of Blackfriargate.

In Queen-Bteeet.

In and on the north side Fore Ropery.

In and on the south side of Fore Ropery.

Ctailll.]

Gaol.

165

In the Back Ropery, or Humbertstreet.

A dwelling-house in the several occupations of John Graburn and John Davison.

A dwelling-house and shop in the occupation of John Ward.

CLASS III.

GAOL.

23 Geo. III. Cap. 55. 1783.

An Act for building a New Gaol, &c. (for Title see page 3

WHEREAS the common gaol of the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, is a very ancient building, of small dimensions, and in great decay, and standing in the middle of the said town, and in a close and confined situation, without the advantage of any adjacent ground, is attended with many inconveniences to the health and safe custody of the prisoners:

II. And whereas the grand jury, at the assizes and general gaol delivery held for the said town and county, have presented the said gaol as insufficient:

III. And whereas the building of a new gaol for the said town and county, in a more airy and commodious situation, in some other part of the said town or county, will greatly contribute to the health of the prisoners, and render the custody of them more safe, and will also be a general convenience to the said town and county, and an advantage to the public:

IV. And whereas it is just and reasonable that the charges of building the said gaol should be borne and defrayed by and out of the estates within the said town and county, in a fair and equal degree:

VIII. But forasmuch as the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament; may it please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall be lawful for the mayor, recorder, and one alderman of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, James Smith, Edmund Popple, Thomas Wasney, John Bowman, Henry Legard, and William Brocklebank, Esquires, or the major part of them, as soon as conveniently may be next after the passing of this act, to contract for and purchase some convenient piece or pieces of ground, tenements, or hereditaments, within the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or either of them; and that the same, when purchased shall he conveyed to the mayor and burgesses of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and their successors, for the purposes intended by this act concerning the said gaol.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all persons whatsoever, seised of, interested in, or entitled to such piece or piece* of ground, tenements, or hereditaments abovementioned, and also for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, husbands, guardians, trustees, and feoffees in trust, committees, executors, administrators, and all other trustees whatsover, not only for and on behalf of themselves, but also for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons whatsoever, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seised or interested in their own right, and to and for all and every person nod persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or in-

8«* GvmtsI Gaol let, 4 Geo. IV. e. 6i.

The Gaol of

Kmjri«ton-upon.

Hull in Decay, and inconveniently situate.

Presented by the Grand Jury.

Building a Gaol, of Adranlage.

And that the charge shonld b* borne by the town See.

Mayor, Stc. of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull authorized to purchase Ground;

To be conveyed to Trustees

Incapacitated

Persona empowered to sell Land*.

166

23 Geo. III.

c. 55.

If they do not agree, a Jury to determine the Value.

Witnesses may be examined upon Oath.

Verdict of Jury to be final.

Sheriff to summon a Jury.

Jurors may be challenged.

Trustee* may lmp*is* a Fine on Sheriff, See. making Default

On Payment or Tender of the Money, Premises to be vested in Trustees.

Gaol. [Part III.

terested in such piece or pieces of jp-ound, tenements, or hereditaments abovementioned, to convey the same respectively unto them the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, for the purpose of building a new gaol for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and in case the said mayor, recorder and aldermen of the said town or borough, James Smith, Edmund Popple, Thomas Wasney, John Bowman, Henry Legard, and William Brocklebank, or the major part of them, and such persons as aforesaid, cannot agree upon a sum to be paid for the said piece or pieces of ground, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, then the said mayor and other persons hereinbefore appointed trustees for purchasing the ground for the said new gaol, or the major part of them, shall cause the value of the said estates to be enquired into and ascertained by a jury of twelve disinterested men of the said town and county of the town of Kingston* upon-Hull; and in order thereto, the said trustees, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, as occasion shall be, to summon and call before such jury, and examine upon oath, all and every person and persons whomsoever, w ho shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the premises (which oath any two or more of such trustees are hereby empowered to administer; ) and the said trustees, or the major part of them, shall, by ordeiing a view, or otherwise, use all lawful ways and means, as well for their own as for the said jury's information in the premises; and after the said jury shall have enquired of and assessed such value and recompence, they the said trustees, or the major part of them, shall thereupon adjudge the sum or sums of money so assessed by the said jury to be paid to the said person or persons, according to the verdict of such jury; which said verdict shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against all parties and persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such juries, the said trustees, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered to issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff of the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent jury of twenty-four men of the said town and county, but not being justices of the peace, to appear before the said trustees, or the m^jor part of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and such sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such number of persons accordingly, and out of the persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such summons, the said trustees, or the major part of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve men, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient number of jurymen, the said sheriff, or hia deputy or deputies, shall return other honest and disinterested men, not being justices of the peace, either of the standers-by or that speedily can be procured to attend that service, to the number of twelve; and all persons concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the array; and the said trustees, or the major part of them, shall have power from time to time to impose any reasonable fine or fines on such sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, making default in the premises, and on any of the persons that shall be summoned and returned on such jury and shall not appear, or that shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give or not giving their verdict, or in any other manner wilfully neglecting their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and on any of the persons who being required to give evidence before the said jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined, or to give evidence; which fine or fines shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds upon any one person, and shall be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of any two or more of such trustees, and shall be applied for the purposes of this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the money so agreed to be paid for such purposes, or to be assessed as aforesaid, or upon tender thereof to such persons as aforesaid, or to their agents, and in case of want of opportunity to tender, or of refusal to accept the same, then upon leaving the same in the hands of the town clerk of the said town and county of the

GaoL

Class 111.]

1(7

town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or his deputy, to be applied to and for the 23 Geo. III. use of such person and persons as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said c g-mayor and burgesses of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and their successors, their surveyors, workmen, or agents, to take possession of the said piece or pieces, of ground, tenements, or hereditaments; and that For tUp Purpose the same, and every part thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby nf building a declared to be, vested in the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, for the purpose of building, erecting, and making, a common gaol for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the confinement of criminals, debtors, and others, and also proper places for the residence of the gaoler, his officers and assistants, and for such other conveniences, accommodations, and purposes, as may be necessary or expedient.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the said piece or pieces of Power to build a gTound, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be purchased, it shall be lawful new G»ol. for the justices of the peace for the said town and county, or the major part of them, at any general or special sessions assembled, to cause to be built, erected, made, and finished upon the same, a sufficient and convenient gaol, for the confinement of criminals, debtors, and others, and other proper places, for the residence of the said gaoler, and his officers and assistants, and such other buildings, yards, places, wells, reservoirs of water, and conveniences, as shall be judged requisite by the said justices at their said general quarter sessions, or at any other of their sessions as aforesaid, for the reception, safe custody, and reasonable, heathful, and proper accommodation of such persons as shall by law be committed to, or confined in, the same; which gaol, when built and finished, shall be, and is hereby declared to be a public and common gaol for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and shall, from time to time, be maintained, supported and repaired by the mayor and burgesses of the said town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull; and the sheriff of the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, shall have the keeping of the said gaol, and shall have power, and is hereby required, when the said gaol is made fit for the reception and safe custody of prisoners, to remove thither all such prisoners as shall then be in his custody; which removal shall be lawful, and shall not be deemed to be an escape; and that after such removal, it shall be lawful for the said justices at their 01<J Gioj to said general quarter sessions, or such other of their sessions as aforesaid, to uken down, cause the present gaol for the said town and county to be taken down, jua«eri»l« how to and the materials thereof either to use, or cause to be used, in or about the be deposed of. building or finishing such new gaol, or to sell, or cause the same to be sold; and also that it shall be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, to sell the ground on which the present gaol stands, and apply the money arising as well from the sale of the said materials in case the same shall be sold, as from the sale of the said ground, towards the expence of building and finishing such new gaol.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the sheriff of the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull fheauoe Prlvi. for the time being, his officers and assistants, from time to time, and at all legesas formerly, times, to have, use, exercise and enjoy, in respect of the said new gaol, all such rights, privileges and customs, as have been heretofore used, exercised or enjoyed, or lawfully claimed, by the sheriffs of the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, in respect of the old gaol, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And for the raising money to purchase the ground, tenements, and juices; o Ae«. hereditaments for the building, erecting, making, and finishing such new sion*empowered gaol, buildings and conveniencies as aforesaid, and other the purposes of to Money this act respecting the said gaol, and also one third part of the charges and

expences in passing this act: Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at their next general or quarter sessions to be held for the said town and county, after the passing of this act, or at any other subsequent general or quarter sessions, to conclude and agree upon, and to make such several assessments as shall be judged expedient, on all the occupiers of houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments within every town, hamlet, place, or other division in the

Gaol. '

[Part III.

23 Geo. III. c. 55.

Officer* paying the Kate *, may imem the Mine.

For empowering the Trustee* for the Gaol to lx»r. row Money upon the Rates.

Application of Money.

said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the limits, precincts, and liberties thereof, to be settled, regulated, ascertained, and proportioned according to the value of all such houses, lands, tenements, and hereditaments within the same; which rates and assessments so directed to be made, shall not, in the whole, exceed the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, nor in any one year the sum of fourpence in the pound; and after such rates and assessments shall be so made, the said justices shall have power, and they are hereby authorized and required, to cause the same to be collected and paid; which assessment so paid by the occupier, shall be allowed to him by his landlord in his first rent and be accounted for by the persons making such collections, in such manner, and by such means, with such power of levying and enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and of punishing all persons w hose duty it shall be to collect and account for the same, and who shall make default therein, as any county rate whatsoever may, by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act for the more ' easy assessing, collecting and levying of county rates," or by any other act or acts of parliament, or law now in being, be assessed, collected, received, levied, paid or accounted for; and such assessments when received shall from time to time be paid by the person or persons who shall hereafter for the time being be appointed as the treasurer or treasurers for the said town and county, to the said justices so assembled as aforesaid, or to such person or persons as they shall by order of court appoint to receive the same; and the receipt of such justices, or of such person or persons as shall be so appointed as last mentioned, shall be a full and sufficient discharge to such treasurer and treasurers for the payment of such money.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective parochial officers, or other persons, who shall pay, or be liable to pay the rates or assessments which shall be made or rated for the purposes of this act, upon any town, parish, hamlet, place, or division within the said town and county, or the limits, precincts and liberties thereof, and also all such parochial officers and persons upon whom any such rates or assessments shall be levied, shall and may, from time to time (after notice shall be given of the amount of the rate or assessment upon such town, parish, hamlet, place, or division, either before the payment thereof by such parochial officers or persons, or after the same shall have been actually paid by or levied upon such officers or persons) rate and levy such money, by a separate and distinct rate and assessment, upon every such respective town, parish, hamlet, town corporate, or place, in such manner and proportion, and with such powers for the recovery thereof, as any other county rate may be assessed or levied.

XV. And for as much as the money so to be collected by the receipts of the said rates or assessments by this act laid and made payable as last mentioned, may not immediately be sufficient for the purposes to which the same is to be applied; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices, or any two of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, by any writing or writings (without any stamp to be impressed thereon) under their hands and seals, to assign over the rates and assessments last mentioned to arise by virtue of this act, or any part thereof (the costs and charges of assigning or mortgaging the same, to be borne and paid out of such rates and assessments) as a security for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpose, to such person or persons as shall advance and lend the same, to secure the repayment thereof, with such interest as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum; which money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of as the said rates or assessments last mentioned are by this act directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the necessary charges and expences that have been or shall be sustained or expended in or about the procuring of this present act of parliament heTeiubcfore directed with respect to the said gaol, shall, in the first place, be satisfied and paid out of the money to be raised by virtue of the said rate or assessment; and that after such charges and expences, and the charges and expences of purchasing such ground, tenements and hereditaments as may be necessary for the

169

Class IV.] Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Ught Company.

purposes aforesaid, and of erecting, building, making, finishing, and com- 2 Geo. IV. pleting the said new gaol, buildings, and conveniencies, and all debts to be c 45 incurred thereby, shall be fully paid and satisfied, the surplus of the money to be raised and levied by virtue of the aforesaid rate or assessment, shall by order of the said justices so assembled at their general or quarter or other sessions, to be held as aforesaid, be returned and paid to the persons who shall have paid such rate or assessment, in proportion to what they shall have respectively paid thereto.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Thit no DwelL tained shall extend to enable the said trustees to purchase any dwelling- r°deli'wUhin

house, yard, or garden belonging to any dwelling-house within the said the Town and town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the purpose of bounty of the erecting the said Gaol thereon, without the consent and agreement of the J^nbe0'purchas. owners or proprietors thereof respectively; and in case of the infancy of any e(j for erecting* such owners or proprietors, without the consent of his, her, or their Gaolthereon, guardian or guardians.* C°n '

CLASS IV.

KINGSTON-UPON-HULL GAS LIGHT COMPANY.

2 Geo. IV. Cap. 45. Royal Assent, 19th April, 1821.

An Act for Lighting with Gas the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and certain places adjacent thereto.

WHEREAS the town of Kingston-upon-Hull. in the county of the same town; the lordship of Myton and liberty ofTrippett, both in the said county; and also the parish of Sculcoates, in the county of York; are large and populous, and it would be of great benefit to the inhabitants thereof and to the public at large, if the streets and other public passages and places therein were better lighted.

II. And whereas the mayor and burgesses of the said town are the lords of the soil of the market-place, and of the principal streets, lanes and other public places within the said town, and also lords of the manor or lordship of Myton aforesaid.

III. And whereas inflammable air or gas may be obtained from oil, coal and other materials; and coke, tar, pitch, asphaltum, aramoniacal liquor and essential oil, may be procured from coal and other substances.

IV. And whereas the said inflammable air or gas being conveyed by means of pipes, may be safely and beneficially used for lighting the several streets, squares, market-places, courts, yards, passages, lanes and other places within the said town, lordsnip, liberty and parish, and for lighting private houses, shops, counting houses, warehouses and public works, and manufactories and other buildings; and the said coke may be usefully employed as fuel, and the said oil, tar, pitch, asphaltum, ammoniacal liquor and essential oil may be used and applied in various ways with great advantage.

V. And whereas the several persons hereinafter named are willing and desirous, at their own costs and charges, to effect the several beneficial pur* poses aforesaid; but the same cannot be carried fully and completely into execution, without the aid and authority of parliament.

VI. May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Anthony Atkinson, John Alderson the younger, John Broadley, William

Sr* *c. 37, 62, 64, to, 66, 68, G9, 70, 71, 72 and 73; page 9, 10, and II, ante.

Y

170

Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. [Part III.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Company ircor-porateii.

Their Style.

I'M ir-

..v.ijs, fltc.

Watson Bolton, Christopher Bolton, John Burstall, John Beadle, Richard Boyle, Samuel Cooper, William Spyvee Cooper, John Norman Crosse, Joseph Davis, Gardiner Egginton, Joseph Egginton, Thomas Fearne, Edward Gibson, Robrrt Garbutt, Robert Gleadow, John Harrison, Francis Hall, James Hewitson, Thomas Gowlaud Jones, Thomas Jones, Robert Kelab, George Liddell, John LeVett, Thomas Marshall, John Marshall, Richard Marshall, Joseph Robinson Pease, John Cowham Parker, William Purdon, George Schonsvvar, John Smith, John Storm, Benjamin Stocks, James Kiero Watson, Thomas Ward, Charles Whitaker, and William Wes* terdale, and all and every such other person and persons as shall from time to time become a subscriber and subscribers, and be duly admitted a proprietor and proprietors, as hereinafter mentioned, and their respective successors, executors, administrators and assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be, one body politic and corporate, by the name of " The Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company," and by that name shall have perpetual succession and a common seal, and by that name shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at law or in equity, and shall and may prefer and prosecute any bill of indictment against any person or persons who shall commit any felony or offence indictable by the laws of this realm; and the said company shall be established for the purpose of producing inflammable air or gas, coke, tar, pitch, asphaltum, amraoniacal liquor and essential oil, and other products from oil, coal or other substances, and for lighting the .said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the said lordship, liberty, and parish or plr.ces with gas; and shall have full power from time to time to make contracts or agree with the commissioners, assessors or other persons acting under the authority of any act or acts of parliament, which now is, or are, or which shall hereafter be in force for lighting or otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them, or with any other persons or person, body politic, corporate or collegiate, or corporation aggregate or sole, who may be willing to contract or agree with the said company (and who are hereby respectively empowered to enter into contracts with the said company, but subject to and under the provisions, terms and conditions mentioned and contained in all or any of the said acts of parliament, with respect to the lighting of the said town, lordship, liberty and parish respectively,) for the lighting with gas the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them, or of any public streets, squares, market-places, courts, yards, passages, lanes, public buildings, manufactories, shops, counting-houses, warehouses or private houses, or other buildings of whatever denomination the same may be, or any of them, within the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them respectively, and to sell and dispose of such coke, oil, tar, pitch, asphaltum, animouiacal liquor and essential oil, and other produce as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the Said company to construct or make gasometers and other manufactories and works necessary for the purposes of this act, it shall be lawful for the said company, or their committee of management, to be appointed in pursuance of this act for the time being, and they are hereby respectively empowered to contract and agree for the absolute purchase of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, not exceeding in the whole the space of ten acres within the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or all, any, or either of them, with any body politic, corporate or collegiate, or any tenant or tenants for life, or in fee tail, general or special, or for any term or terms of years absolute or determinable, on any life or lives, or with any feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees for lunatics and idiots, or other trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, thajr heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts respectively, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons under any disability of acting for themselves, and also with all femes covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own right, or with any person or persons whomsoever, who shall be willing to sell the same, or his, her, or their right and interest in the same, for the uses and purposes of this act; and upon payment of the purchase money for any such lands, tenements or hereditaments to the parties or persons respectively entitled thereto, or upon payment thereof into

Class IV.] Kingsion-ttpon-Hull Gas Light Company.

171

the bank of England, in manner by this act directed, (as the case may be) such lands, tenements and hereditaments may be taken and used for the purposes of this act, and from thenceforth all parties and persons whomsoever, shall be divested of all right and title, claim or reversion to such lands, tenements or hereditaments which shall thereupon vest in the " Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company," and their successors; and it shall be lawful for the said company, and their successors, to hold such lands, tenements and hereditaments, and any term, right and interest therein so purchased as aforesaid, without incurring or being subject to any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statutes of mortmain, or of any other law or statute whatsoever; and alao at any time or times thereafter, to sell or dispose of the said lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and from time to time to purchase and hold other lands, tenements or hereditaments more suitable for the uses and purposes of this act, and again to sell the same in like manner.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, and all tenants for life or in fee tail, general or special, or for any term or terms of years absolute or determinable on any life or lives, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees for lunatics and idiots, and other trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts respectively, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots or femes covert, or other persons under any disability of acting for themselves, and also for all femes covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own right, and for all and every other persons and person whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any lands, tenements or hereditaments which shall be thought necessary by the said company to be purchased for the uses and purposes of this act, to contract and agree with the said company, or the said committee of management, for the sale thereof, or of any part thereof, and to sell and convey the same, or any part thereof, and all estate, right, title and interest whatsoever of, in, and to the same to the said company, and their successors, for the purposes of this act; and all contracts, bargains, sales and conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall without any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, or other conveyances or assurances in the law whatsoever, and without enrolment, be good, valid and effectual to all intents and purposes not only to convey the estate and interest of the party or parties so conveying, but also to convey all right, estate, interest, use, property, claim and demand whatsoever of their said several cestui que trusts, and of all persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all persons entitled in remainder or reversion expectant on any such particular estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such party or parties, and all estates tail and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder or expectancy, and the issue and issues of such party and parties claiming under them, or any of them respectively; any law, statute or usage or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all bodies corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, and all tenants for life or in fee tail, general or special, or for any term or terms of years absolute or determinable on any life or lives, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, trustees, and all other persons whomsoever, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for any lands, tenements or hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the powers of this act for the purposes thereof, which shall belong to any body corporate, collegiate or ecclesiastical, tenant for life or in tail, trustee, feme covert, infant, lunatic, or other person or persons under any disability or incapacity as aforesaid, such money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed, be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of theaecoimtant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, Exparte the Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company," to the intent that such money may he applied under the direction and with the approbation of the said court (to hr signified by an order made upon a

2 Geo. lv.

Pul.tic JJJ^oueied u,

Diroctinir application of Pur. chase

wlnm amounting to 2 MU ', and upwards.

C ' 3le

172 Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. [Part HI.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Application of Purchase Money, when leas than 200£. and ex. ceeding 20£.

Application of Money not exceeding 20£.

In case of questionable Title, Persons in Poeses-tion to be deemed the Owners.

petition to be preferred in a summary way by the party or parties who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, tenements and hereditaments) in the purchase of the land tax or towards the discharge of any debt or debts, or such other incumbrance, or part thereof, as the said court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same lands, tenements or hereditaments, or affecting other lands, tenements or hereditaments standing and being settled therewith to the same or the like uses, intents or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under and with the like direction and approbation of the said court in the purchase of other lands, tenements and hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like uses, trusts, intents and purposes, and in the same manner as the lands, tenements and hereditaments which shall be purchased for the purposes of this act stood and were settled and limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such purchase shall be made, the said money shall by order of the said court, upon application thereto, be invested by the said accountant general, in his name, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated, or three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said bank annuities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said consolidated or reduced bank annuities, shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the party or parties who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, tenements and hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such purchase or settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so contracted and agreed to be paid for any lands, tenements or hereditaments to be purchased for the purposes of this act, which shall belong to any body corporate, collegiate or ecclesiastical, tenant for life or in tail, trustee, feme covert, infant, lunatic, or any other person or persons under disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases, the same shall, at the option of the party or parties for the time being, entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements or hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees in cases of infancy, idiotcy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be paid into the bank of England in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, and be placed to his account in manner aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like option to two trustees, to be named by the party or parties making such option, and approved by three or more of the committee of management of the said company, (such nomination and approbation to be signified by writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties) in order that such principal money and the dividends to arise thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direction or approbation of the said high court of chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such money so contracted and agreed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases, the same shall be applied to the use of the party or parties who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements or hereditaments so to be purchased for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said committee of management, or any three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of infancy, idiotcy or lunacy, then to the guardian or guardians, committee or committees of the infants, idiots or lunatics entitled to such rents and profits to and for the use and benefit of such infants, idiots or lunatics respectively.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any question khall arise touching the title of any party or parties to any money to be paid into the bank of England in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery in pursuance of this act.

for the purchase of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or of any estate, right or interest in any lands, tenements or hereditaments to be purchased by the said company in pursuance of this act, or to any bank annuities to be purchased with any such money, or to the dividends or interest of any *uch bank annuities, the party or parties who shall have been in possession of such lands, tenements or hereditaments at the time of such purchase, and all persons claiming under such person or persons, or under the possession of such person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such lands, tenements or hereditaments according to such possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the satisfaction of the said court; and the dividends or interest of the bank annuities to be purchased with such money, and also the capital of such bank annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall appear to the said court that such possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other party or parties w-as or were lawfully entitled to such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or to some estate or interest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any disability or incapacity of the party or parties entitled to any lands, tenements or hereditaments to be purchased under the authority of this act, or by reason of such lands, tenements or hereditaments being held upon or under or subject to trusts then subsisting and undetermined, the purchase money for the same shall be required to be paid into the bank of England, and to be applied in the purchase of other lands, tenements or hereditaments to be settled to the like uses in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for the said high court of chancery to order the expences of making contracts for and completing all purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this act, or so much of such expences as the said court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said company, who shall from time to time pay such sums of money for such purchases as the said court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the money so contracted or agreed to be paid for the purchase of such lands, tenements or hereditaments by, the said company to the party or parties respectively entitled to the same, or their agents, or upon payment thereof into the bank of England, for the purpose of being disposed of in manner hereinbefore directed, as the case may be) and a receipt or receipts, certificate or certificates obtained for such payment or payments, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim and demand in law or equity of the party and parties, and person and persons respectively, to whom or for whose use the same shall be paid in, to, or out of such lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall vest in the said company, and their successors for ever, for effecting the uses and purposes of this act; and the said company shall immediately thereupon he deemed in law to he in the actual seisin or possession thereof to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every person having any estate in the premises had actually conveyed and assured the same lands, tenements and hereditaments unto the said company, their successors and assigns, conformably to the directions and according to the form herein prescribed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all sales, conveyances and assurances of any lands, tenements or hereditaments to be made to the said company and their successors, shall be made in the form or to the effect following; (that is to say,)

" I, [or, we, as the case may be]

" of in consideration of the sum of

" paid to me [or, us, or, into the bank of England, as the case may be] "by "The Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Companydo hereby " grant, release, convey and confirm [or, assign, as the case may be] " to the said company and their successors, all [describe the premises " to be conveyed] and all my [or, our] right, title, estate and interest " in and to the same and every part thereof: to hold the same to the " said company and their successors and assigns for ever, [or, as the " case may be, during all the remainder of my, or, our term, estate or interest in the said premises.] In witness whereof, I [or, we] have " hereunto set my hand and seal, [or, our hands and seals, or, our common seal, as the case may be] this day of

" in the year of our Lord

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Cos* of |*iir_ cha-e* to In* made* in lieu of tu'ttli d IvM.il *, to Im> defrayed by the Company.

On pnym-nt of

Pure-base Money, Premia* to be tested in the Company.

Form of Conveyance.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Rmle of Lands not wanted.

Capital Stock not to exceed 17,000jf.

The Company or their Committee, may borrow sums of Money not exceeding

4, 250£. in the

whole.

Subscribers to share in the Stock, in proportion to their Subscriptions.

Company's Effects answerable for the Debts owing therefrom, and the Share, holders to the amount of their Subscriptions.

Which sale, conveyance and assurance so made, shall at all times be good, valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, quoad the party or parties making the same, and his, her or their cestui que trusts, and all other persons claiming or to claim by, from under, or in trust for him, her, or them respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said company from time to time to sell and dispose of, and by indenture or indentures under their common seal, to grant and convey, by way of absolute sale in fee simple for a competent consideration in money, all or any part or parts of the lands, tenements or hereditaments which may have been so purchased, and which shall not be wanted for the purposes of this act, and upon payment of the money which shill arise by or from the sale or sales of such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or of any part or parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the treasurer, (if only one, or if more than one, for the treasurers, who, if engaged in partnership together, may sign in their style or firm, by any one of such firm) for the time being to the said company, to sign and give a receipt or receipts for the money for which the same shall be sold, which receipt or receipts shall be a sufficient discharge to any purchaser or purchasers for the money therein and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such purchaser or purchasers having bona fide paid the same and obtained such receipt or receipts for the same, hall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any loss, misapplication or non-application of such purchase money, or any part thereof.

XVII And be it further enacted, That the capital or joint stock of the aid company to be used and applied in establishing and carrying on the aid undertaking and the purposes aforesaid, shall not exceed the sum of seventeen thousand pounds, and that the said company shall not be authorized to enter upon the execution of any of the works for which powers are hereby given, until the sum of thirteen thousand and five hundred pounds hall have been first subscribed for that purpose.

XVJ1I. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said company, by their committee of management hereinafter mentioned, under the advice and direction of any general meeting to be held by the said company for that purpose, to borrow and take up on loan at interest any sum or sums of money for the use of the said company, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, and to grant, execute and deliver to and in favour of the lenders, or those having right to require the same, such bonds or obligations in writing as may be required or may be necessary, having the common seal of the said company set and affixed thereto, whereby the said company and their successors shall be bound or obliged for payment of the sum or sums of money so borrowed, with such interest (not being more than legal interest) as shall be agreed on.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, bodies corporate and politic, by or for whom any subscription shall be made or accepted, or any payment made pursuant to the orders of any general meeting, to be held by the said company for that purpose, for or towards the raising of the said capital sum of seventeen thousand pounds as aforesaid, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors and assigns respectively (no such subscription being less than twenty-five pounds) shall have and be entitled to a share of and in the said capital joint stock of the said company, in proportion to the monies which he, she or they shall have so contributed towards the same, and shall have and be entitled to a proportionable share of the profits and advantages attending the capital stock of the said company, and shall be admitted to be a proprietor or proprietors of and in the same.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the estate and effects of the said company shall at all times be liable and answerable for the just debts and demands of the creditors of the said company, and that the several persons and bodies corporate and politic composing the said company, shall respectively stand responsible for all just debts and demands of the creditors of the said company, rateably and in proportion to the number and amount only of their respective shares in the capital of the said joint stock: provided always, That whenever two or more persons shall have jointly subscribed for or shall be jointly possessed of any one or

175

more share or shares in the said undertaking:, such persons shall severally and respectively be answerable for the proportional amount of such share or dures, but not further or otherwise as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said sum of seventeen thousand pounds shall be divided into shares of twenty-five pounds sterling-each, and that no person or persons, or bodies corporate or politic shall be a subscriber or subscribers for a less sum than twenty-five pounds sterling-, nor hold more than twenty-five shares, unless the excess shall devolve to him, her or them by marriage or death; and all shares in the said undertaking, and in the net profits and advantages thereof, shall be deemed personal estate, (and not of the nature of real property,) and shall be trans-missable accordingly,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several persons and bodies corporate and politic, who have subscribed for or towards the said undertaking, or who shall at any time hereafter have or hold any share or shares in the same, shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay the sum or sums of money by them respectively subscribed and to be subscribed, or such parts or proportions thereof as shall from time to time be called for, pursuant to or by virtue of the powers and directions of this act, at such times and places, to such person or persons and in such manner as shall be ordered and directed by the said company, or their committee of management; and in case any person or persons, or bodies corporate or politic shall neglect or refuse to pay any such money, at such times and in such manner as'hall be ordered and directed by the said company or their committee of management as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said company to sue for and recover the same, by action of debt or otherwise, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with the lawful interest for the same, from such appointed time of payment and all costs of suit, from such person or persous, or bodies corporate and politic, respectively, or in cases where two or more persons or bodies corporate and politic shall have jointly subscribed for, or be jointly possessed of any one or more share or shares in the said undertaking, thsn from all, any or either of such joint subscribers.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said company shall and they are hereby required within three calendar months after the passing of this act, to cause the names and designations of the several persons and bodies corporate and politic, who have subscribed for or may at any time hereafter be entitled to a share or shares in the said joint stock, with the number rf shares possessed by each subscriber, and also the proper number by which every share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a book to be kept by the clerk to the said company, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned; and after such entry, a certificate under the common seal of the said company shall be delivered to every proprietor, or in case of more persons than one being jointly interested, then to any one of them upon demand, specifying the share or shares to which he, she or they is or are entitled in the said joint stock; and such certificate shall be admitted in all courts whatsoever as evidence of the title of such proprietor or proprietors, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns to the share or shares therein specified; but the want of such certificate shall not binder the proprietor of any such share from selling or disposing thereof; and in case such certificate shall not be produced or forthcoming, the said entry, or a true copy thereof, shall be deemed sufficient prim& fcci* evidence of title.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the corporation of mayor and burgesses of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, the corporation of the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots seamen of the Trinity-house of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the corporation of the dock company of Kingston-apon-Hul1, or any or either of them, shall at any time become proprietors of shares in the said undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, by the mayor for the time being, or by any one of the aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to be deputed by such mayor by writing under his hand, for the said guild or brotherhood, by the acting warden for the time being, or his deputy, or by any one of the elder brethren or assistants of the same guild or brotherhood, to be deputed by such warden or deputy warden, by writing under his hand, and for the said

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Slrw k to be divided into shares of 2r» £. serlm" each, and to l»e |»erv.nal Kstalc, and iio Subscriber to hold more than 2't Shares.

To compel payment of Subscriptions.

Names of Proprietors to be entered, and certificates of their Shares delivered to them.

The Corporations to vote by their Officers, to whom Notices are to be given.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

The Person who*; Name stands first as a Joint Proprietor with otheis, to be deemed the Owner, and entitled to vote.

Certain Proprietors may vote by Proxy, Lunatics by their Cora-mittew, and Minors by their Guardians.

dock company, by the chairman for the time being, or by one of the proprietors of the said dock company, to be deputed by such chairman, by writing under his hand, to represent the corporations to which they shall respectively belong, at any meeting of the said company, and for the said mayor, warden and chairman respectively or their respective deputies constituted as aforesaid, to vote at all or any such meetings, in respect of the shares possessed by such corporations respectively; and all notices hereby required to be given to the owner or proprietor of any share or shares of the said company, shall or may, as respecting the shares of the said three bodies corporate and politic, or any or either of them, be given or sent to the said mayor, warden and chairman respectively, and such notices shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient notice to the said bodies corporate and politic respectively, any thing herein coutained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever two or more persons not being any or either of the said bodies corporate and politic, shall be jointly possessed of or entitled to any share or shares in the said undertaking, the person whose name shall stand first in the books of the said company, as proprietors of such share or shares, shall, for the purposes of this act, be deemed and taken to be the owner or proprietor of such share or shares, and all notices hereby required to be given to the owner or proprietor of any share or shares in the said company, shall and may be given or sent to such person whose name shall so stand first in the books of the said company, and such notice to such person shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient notice to all the owners or proprietors of such share or shares, for all the purposes for which such notice is intended to be given to the owner or proprietor of any such share or shares, and such owners or proprietors shall be entitled to give their vote or votes in respect thereof, by the person whose name shall stand first in the books of the said company, as proprietor of such share or shares, and whose vote shall on all occasions be deemed and allowed to be the vote for, or in respect of the whole property in such share or shares, without proof of the concurrence of the other proprietor or proprietors of such share or shares.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no proprietor or proprietors, entitled to a share or shares in the said joint stock, shall be entitled to vote by proxy in respect of such share or shares, at any general or special general meeting of the said company (unless such proprietor or proprietors shall be a female or females, or a person or persons not residing within twelve miles of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull) in which case she, he or they shall or may, if she, he or they think proper, by writing under' her, his or their hand or hands, have full power and authority to give her, his or their vote or votes, at such meetings as aforesaid by proxy; provided that every such proxy shall be a member of the said company, and entitled to vote in respect of her, his or their own share or shares, and that no person shall deliver in proxies for more than two members, and the appointment of such proxies shall be produced at every such meeting, and shall be made in the form or to the effect following; (that is to say,)

" I, A. B. one of the proprietors of and in " The Kingston-upon-Hull Gas " Light Company," do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C. D. of also one of the proprietors of the said company, to

, f be my proxy, in my name and in my absence to vote and give my " assent to or dissent from any business, matter or thing relating to " the said undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at the " general or special meeting of the said company, to be bolden at " on next [here slate the particular

" meeting at which the vole is intended to be given] in such manner as " he the said C. D. shall think proper, according to his opinion and " judgment, for the benefit of the said undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand," the day of

A. B."

XXVII. Provided always, That in case any proprietor or proprietors, entitled to vote at any such meeting as aforesaid, shall be a lunatic or lunatics, or a minor or minors, such lunatic or lunatics shall or may vote u t such meeting or meetings by his, her or their committee, or any one of such

committee, and such minor or minors shall and may vote by his, her or 2 Geo. IV. their guardian, or any one of such guardians: provided also, That the ap- 45

pointment of such committee or guardian shall be produced at every meet* c' ing at which he may so offer to vote: provided always, That no person or persons, or bodies corporate or politic, shall hold and vote as a proxy or proxies, for more than ten shares upon any one occasion (except as hereinafter mentioned,) but such person or party may also vote in right of his own shares as well as committee of any lunatic or lunatics, and as guardian of any minor or minors on the same occasion: and in case any person or party shall vote or otherwise act as such proxy, committee or guardian, in respect of an appointment either unduly or improperly obtained, and the same shall be made appear to a general meeting of the said company, then and in that case the share or shares which the person or party so voting or otherwise acting as such proxy, committee or guardian, slia.ll appear to have or be possessed of, or entitled to at the time of such voting or acting, shall become forfeited, and shall vest in the said company for the benefit of the other proprietors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Shares may be several and respective proprietors of the said undertaking, their executors, transferred, administrators, successors and assigns, to sell and transfer any share or shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such transfer shall be in the form or to the effect following; (that is to say,)

" Know all men by these presents, That I, [or, we] the undersigned " of [as the case may require] in

u consideration of the sum of of lawful money current

" in England, paid to me [or, us] by do hereby

" bargain, sell, assign and transfer to the said the sum

" of capital stock of and in *' The Kingston-upon-Hull

" Gas Light Company," being my [or, our] share, [or, shares] number " [or, numbers ] therein:to hold to the said

" executors, administrators and assigns, according to the same

" rules, orders and restrictions and on the same conditions that I [or,

" we] the said held the same immediately be-

" fore the execution hereof: and I, [or, we] the said do

" hereby agree to take and accept the said share, [or, shares] subject 11 to the same rules, orders, restrictions and conditions. In witness " whereof I [or, we] have hereunto set my [or, our] hand and seal [or," bands and seals, or affixed the common seal of the said corporation," as the case may require] this day of in the

" year of our Lord Which transfer shall be executed by all the parties thereto, and deposited with the clerk of the said company for the time being, to be filed by him and kept for the use of the said company; but, for the security of the purchaser or purchasers, a duplicate of such transfer, executed as aforesaid, shall be made and kept by the purchaser or purchasers of such share or shares; and every such transfer which shall appear to be regular shall be registered in the books of the said company, by an entry of the date of such registry, and the date of such transfer, together with the names of the parties thereto, and the numbers of the shares transferred, with such other particulars as shall from time to time be determined on by the committee of management for the time being, for which entry or registering the sum of five shillings and no more, shall be paid to the clerk or other officer making the same, who after such transfer shall have been entered and registered as aforesaid, shall upon request of the purchaser or purchasers indorse a certificate thereof upon the duplicate of such transfer.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the passing of this act, no person or persons, or body corporate and politic, who shall purchase any share or shares in the joint stock of the said company shall be admitted to vote for the same, either by themselves or by proxy, until such person or persons, or body corporate and politic shall have been in possession of such purchased share or shares for the full term of six calendar months, to be computed from the date of registering the transfer thereof in the said books of the: id company; but this provision shall not operate to prevent or hinder any person

Transfers to be registered.

Purchaser* to have their Shares Six Months l»efore they can vote; but Proprietors not to he prevented voting in respect of

Z

Kingslun-upon-Hull Gas Light Company, [Part 111.

2 Geo. IV.

c. 45.

Shares accruing by Marriage or Death.

Registers and Copies thereof to be Evidence, and until Registry no Proprietor to be entitled.

No Share to 1m* sold after si Call, until the Money is paid.

Regulations for

Meetings of the Company.

Manner of voting.

or persons from voting immediately after the same shall have been registered for or in respect of the share or shares which shall devolve to him, her or them by marriage or death,

XXX. And be it further enacted, *That the register book of shares of the said company, or a copy of the entry or registry therein of the transfer of any share upon sale, or any other disposition or alteration in the proprietorship thereof, by marriage or death, or otherwise, to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed and authorized, (such copy being signed by the clerk or other officer of the said company, having the custody of the said book of registry,) shall respectively be sufficient evidence of every such sale, transfer or other disposition or alteration in the proprietorship thereof, and shall be accounted as such in all disputes and in all trials before any court, and by all judges, justices and others; and until such transfer, disposition or alteration shall be entered or registered in the books of the said company as aforesaid, no purchaser or purchasers, or other person or persons, or bodies corporate or politic claiming interest in any such share or shares in the said undertaking, or in the profits and advantages thereof, shall receive any interest or dividend for or in respect of such share or shares so purchased, disposed of or otherwise altered, nor be entitled to vote at any meeting or meetings as proprietor or proprietors of the said undertaking.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after a call for money shall have been made by virtue of this act, no person or persons shall sell or transfer any share or shares which he, she or they shall pones in the said undertaking, until the money called for, in respect of his, her or their share or shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and until such money so called for shall be paid, any such sale or transfer of any share or shares shall be void.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the affairs and concerns of the said company shall be conducted and managed under and subject to the several rules and regulations hereinafter contained; (that is to say) the proprietors of shares in the said undertaking, shall assemble together at the Guildhall of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon, within thirty days next after the passing of this act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then and there proceed in the execution of this act, and shall and may adjourn to or shall assemble at such other times and places as they shall be duly convened to, in manner hereinafter mentioned, and every such assembly shall be styled a general meeting, and two such meetings shall be held in every year, on the first Monday in the month of January, and the first Monday in the month of July, which shall be styled half-yearly general meetings, of which said meetings, as well as of any special general meeting to be called by the committee of management, as hereinafter provided, ten days previous notice shall be given; and that twenty-five or more of the said proprietors, bolding collectively not less than one hundred shares, may, by notice in writing under their bands (of which a copy shall be delivered to the clerk for the time being of the said company,) call a special general meeting, so as thd object for which such meeting shall be called, and the time and place where such meeting is intended to be held, be expressed in such notice, and so as such notice be given ten days at least before the day of meeting; and every general meeting and special general meeting may be adjourned from time to time, and from place to place, as shall be found expedient; and in case any adjournment of a general or special general meeting shall take place, three days previous notice shall be given, of the time and place when and where such adjourned meeting is intended to be holden.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at every general or special general meeting, a chairman shall be appointed, and all questions shall be decided by a majority of votes of the proprietors present in person, or by their respective proxies to be appointed as herein mentioned, or their respective committees or guardians, (who shall not decline to vote,) according to their respective number of shares, and every proprietor shall be entitled to one vote, for and in respect of every share of which he shall be pomessed, but no proprietor shall be entitled to vote either by himself or his proxy, committee or guardian, for or in respect of more than ten shares, except in the proprietor thereof, in consequence of such extra number of shares having devolved to, or became vested dn him, her or them by death or marriage, nr

179

Class IV.] Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company.

as proxy, committee or guardian for some other person or persons as herein mentioned, nor shall any person be entitled to vote at any general or special general meeting of the said company, or any adjournment thereof, in respect of any share or shares which he, she or they may possess in the said undertaking, unless such person shall have fully paid and satisfied all arrears of money which shall or may become due in pursuance of any call or calls made or to be made by the said committee of management, by virtue of this act, for or in respect of such share or shares; nor shall any person vote at any of the meetings of the said company, upon any question or questions relating to the concerns of the said undertaking, in which such person shall be interested, otherwise than as a subscriber or proprietor to or of the said undertaking; and upon any difference of opinion, any proprietor present may require the votes at any general or special general meeting of the said company, to be taken by ballot, but no ballot shall be kept open for more than two hours; and the chairman of every such meeting shall be entitled to vote; and in case the number of votes, including the chairman's vote, shall be equal, such chairman shall also have the casting vote; and if at any general or special general meeting, twenty proprietors in person shall not assemble and proceed to business in one hour from the time appointed in the notices to be given for such meeting, or if that number be not present when the whole or any part of the business to be transacted, shall be decided upon, the meeting shall be adjourned to the same day in the following week, or to some other day to be appointed by the said committee of management, or any three or more of them.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all notices hereinbefore directed to be given of any general or special general meet-tings or adjournments respectively, or upon any other particular occasion, and not herein otherwise provided for, or to any of the said proprietors, shall be given to the said several proprietors, or to such individual proprietors respectively, by letters from the clerk of the said company, sent by the post, to each and every of the said proprietors, and the same notices shall be deemed and considered the same as personal notices.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any general meeting especially called for the purpose, shall have full power to call for, examine, and settle the accounts of the said company, and at every half-yearly general meeting, which shall be holden in the month of July in every year, or some adjournment thereof, a yearly dividend or dividends shall be made out, of the interest, profits or advantages of the said undertaking, unless such meeting shall declare otherwise, and such dividend shall be at and after the rate of so much per centum for every share upon all and every the sum and sums of money paid to the said company by the said subscribers, their successors, executors, administrators or assigns, as such meeting or meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine; provided that no dividend shall be made whereby the capital of the said company shall in any degree be reduced or impaired, nor within eighteen calendar months after the passing of this act, nor shall auy dividend be paid in respect of any share or shares after a day appointed for payment of any call for money in respect thereof, until such call shall have been paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the receipt or receipts of the person or any one of the persons in whose name or names any share or shares in the said undertaking shall stand in the books of the said company, shall from time to time be a good and sufficient discharge to the treasurer or treasurers for the time being of the said company for any dividend or dividends, sum or sums of money which shall become due and payable and be paid for or in respect of such share or shares, notwithstanding any uses, trusts, intents or purposes upon, or to which such share or shares shall be then settled, limited, conveyed or assured.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said company shall have full power and authority from time to time at any of their general half-yearly meetings as aforesaid, to make such rules, orders and by-laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good government of the said undertaking, and for regulating the proceedings of their committee of management, and the conduct of all officers, workmen and servants, to be e mployed in and about the affairs and business of tin* said company, and for the superintendence and management of the said undertaking in all respects

How Notice: of Moeliiiss ami ii» Proprietors .ho to Ire gi\ru.

Accounts to be settled yearly.

Meetings to declareI) iv i-ilcnds.

Payments of Dividends, &c. to the Person hi whose Name tin* Share shall stand in the Company's Hooks to be good.

General Meetings may make Hy-l.aws.

180

Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company.

{Part 111.

2 Geo. IV c. 45.

whatsoever, and from time to time to alter or repeal such rules, orders and by-laws, or any of them, and to make others, and to impose and indict such reasonable fines and forfeitures, upon all persons offending against such rules, orders and by-laws, or any of them, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for any one offence, as to the said company, at a general half-yearly meeting shall seem expedient; and all rules, orders and by-laws so made as aforesaid (being reduced into writing, and the common seal of the said company thereto affixed,) shall be binding upon all such persons, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity to justify all persons who shall act under the same: provided always, That such rules, orders and by-laws be not repugnant to the laws of that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express directions or provisions of this act: provided also, that copies thereof shall be printed, and be fixed and continued in the office of the clerk for the time being, or other the buildings and premises of the said company, and all such rules, orders and by-laws, shall be subject to appeal in manner by this act directed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said company at the first general meeting of the said company, to nominate and elect by ballot, and to appoint under the common seal of the said company, some person or persons to be treasurer or treasurers, and some other person to be clerk to the said company, and from time to time to remove any such treasurer or treasurers and clerk of the said company, and to nominate, elect and appoint another person or persons in his or their room or stead: provided always, That the said company shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient security from every person who shall be appointed treasurer or treasurers, or receiver or collector, for any of the purposes of this act, for the faithful execution of their respective offices, before they shall enter thereupon respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or treasurers to be appointed by the said company, shall not issue any sum or sums of money on account of the said company, without an order or orders in writing, signed by the chairman for the time being of the committee of management, and three members at the least of the same committee, present at the meeting of the committee, which shall order or direct such issue of money to be made.

XL. And be it further enacted, That at the first general meeting of the said company, or at some adjournment thereof, fifteen members of the said company, shall be elected and chosen a committee of management for conducting and managing the affairs of the said company; and such persons so elected shall continue in office and be respectively members of the said committee until the half-yearly general meeting, which shall be held in the month of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, or until others or another be appointed in their or either of their stead, in pursuance of this act; and at the said half-yearly general meeting, or at some adjournment thereof, and also at the expiration of every succeeding year thereafter, to be computed from the said half-yearly general meeting, to be held in the month of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, a new committee of fifteen members shall be elected and appointed out of the proprietors of shares in the said undertaking, to be the committee of management, for conducting and managing the affairs of the said company, who shall continue in their office for the space of one year to be computed as last aforesaid, or until others or another shall be duly elected into their or any of their places: provided. That nothing herein contained shall render any one of the committee whose office shall have expired, ineligible to be re-elected a com-Diwjualifications mitteeman, if otherwise duly qualified: provided also, That no person shall to act. qualified to be elected nor to serve or act as a member of the said com-

mittee, who by sale or otherwise shall cease to be a proprietor in the said undertaking, or who shall hold any place of profit under the said company, or who shall be concerned or interested in any contract to be made or entered into under this act, or who shall offer to take, or shall actually participate in any manner, in any work to be done for the said company, whether by contract or otherwise.

For supplying XLI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any member of Vacancies in the committee of management to be elected by virtue of this act, shall die Committee. b 3 '

Officers of the Company to be api>ointcil at General Meetings.

Treasurer, &c. to give Security.

Treasurer not to issue Money without an Onlcr of Committee.

Committee of Management.

No Person t<k act a* Committee-man, unless txMeetBeU of Two Shares.

Meetings of the Committee, ami Regulations for their Proceedings.

or become disqualified, or shall refuse or neglect to attend the meetings of the said committee for the space of three calendar months, it shall be lawful for the said company, at any general or special general meeting, to be called and held pursuant to the directions of this act, to elect some other proprietor to be a member of the said committee; and every such proprietor so elected to fill any such vacancy, shall continue in his office as a member of the said committee, so long as the person in whose place or stead he was elected would have been entitled to have continued, if such death, disqualification, refusal or neglect had not happened.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be eligible to be elected one of the committee for managing the affairs of the said undertaking, unless at the time of the election he shall be entitled to two shares in the said undertaking.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said committee of management shall meet within seven days after being appointed, and at their first meeting shall elect one of the members of the said committee to be chairman, and another member to be deputy chairman respectively for the time such committee shall continue in office; but in case the chairman so to be elected shall be absent at any of the meetings of such committee, the deputy chairman shall preside; and in case he shall likewise be absent then the members present at such meeting, shall, before they proceed upon any business, elect from among themselves a chairman pro tempore; and the said committee shall hold their meetings at such place and as often as they shall think proper, but at least once in every month, and may adjourn their meetings from time to time, and from place to place, as they shall think fit; and all questions, matters and things which shall be proposed, discussed or considered by the said committee of management at any of their meetings, shall be decided and determined by the majority in number of the members then present, the number present not being less than five; and in cases of an equal number of votes upon any question, including the vote of the chairman for the time being, such chairman shall have the decisive or casting vote: and if on the day appointed for any meeting of the said committee, five members qualified to vote shall not attend, then and in every such case the meeting shall be adjourned to the following day, if not a Sunday, and if the following day shall be a Sunday, then to the next day following, by the member or members then present; and if no member be present, then by the clerk of the said company, or such other person as shall attend in his place; and the chairman for the time being of the committee, or any five or more members thereof, may at any time when he or they shall think fit, call a meeting of the committee, by notice in writing, signed by such chairman, or by such five or more members, to be sent by the post or otherwise, to the residence or place of address of every member of such committee.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the committee of management Power of for the time being shall have the custody of the common seal of the said Committee, company, and shall have full power and authority to meet and adjourn from time to time and from place to place as aforesaid, and also at any time to call special general meetings of the said company, for any purpose they may think proper, and to appoint the time and place of holding the general meetings, as well as any special general meetings, and to direct the affairs and business of the said undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving and laying out or disposing of all sums of money to be issued or received, laid out, or disposed of for the purposes of the same, as in contracting for and purchasing messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, materials, goods and chattels for the use of the said undertaking, and in making and entering into contracts or agreements for lighting the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or any or either of them, or any of such streets, squares, marketplaces, lanes, ways, and public or private houses or buildings as aforesaid, and nominating, appointing, electing, placing or displacing any officer, engineer, agent or servant of the said company, (except the treasurer or treasurers and clerk hereinbefore directed to be appointed by a general meeting of the said company,) with such salary, gratuities or recompence as to the said committee shall seem proper; and in ordering, directing and employing the works and workmen, and in selling and disposing of all articles provided, produced or manufactured under the authority of this

Kingston-upon-Hull Light Company.

[Part HI.

Proceedings to be entered.

Committee to make Culls.

On Non-payment of Calls Shares to be forfeited.

No Share to be forfeited until Notice published in a Kingston. upon-Hull News, paper.

act, and in making enforcing and rescinding all contracts and bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such orders, bylaws, rules and regulations as shall be duly made by the said company, in restraint, controul or regulation of the powers and authorities by this act granted.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said company to appoint the person who may be appointed to act as their clerk in the execution of this act, or the partner of any such clerk, the treasuier for the purposes of this act, or to appoint the person who may be appointed treasurer, or the partner of any such treasurer, the clerk to the said companyand if any person shall act in both capacities of clerk and treasurer, for the purposes of this act, or if any person being the partner of any such clerk, shall act as treasurer, or being the partner of such treasurer, shall act as clerk in the execution of this act, every person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit or information, wherein no essoign, protection or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the orders and proceedings of every meeting, as well of the general and special general meetings of the company, as of the committee of management, shall be entered by the clerk in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and such orders and proceedings so entered and signed by the clerk of the* said company, and by the chairman of each respective meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original orders and proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in evidence in all courts, and before all judges, justices and others; and no business shall be transacted at any special general meeting, besides the business for which it shall have been called; and no other business shall be transacted at any adjourned special general meeting than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which such adjournment took place.

XLVIF. And be it further enacted, That the said committee of management shall have full power to make such call or calls for money from the several proprietors of the said undertaking, their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, as such committee shall from time to time find requisite and necessary for the purposes of the said undertaking, so that no one such call do exceed the sum of five pounds for or in respect of any one share of twenty-five pounds, and so that no calls be made but at the dis-stance of two calendar months at least from each other; and that the sum or several sums of money, so to be called for, shall be paid into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers to the said company for the time being, at such time and place as shall be appointed by such committee, of which time and place ten days previous notice shall be given in such manner as the said committee shall direct or appoint in that behalf; and if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their proportion of the money to be called for by the space of twenty days next after the time appointed for payment thereof, together with lawful interest for the same from such appointed time of payment, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said company, at some general or special general meeting to be held after such neglect or refusal, to declare all and every or any of the share or shares of such person or persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid to be forfeited; and from thenceforth the said share or shares so declared to be forfeited, and all the profit and benefit thereof, shall be vested in the said company, their successors and assigns, to and for the uses and purposes of this act.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no share or shares of and in the said undertaking shall be forfeited, or vested in and accrud to the said company, until notice shall have been published iti some one or more of the newspapers published and circulated in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, thirty days at least before the holding of such general or special general meeting, in which notice shall be contained a statement and account of the money due from such person or persons for such call or calls, in respect of his, her or their share or shares in the said undertaking, exclusive of the interest thereon; and no such share or shares shall be for-

Class IV.] King$ton-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. 183

feited to or vested in the said company, if the owner or owners of such share or shares shall, before the holding of such general or special general meeting, pay what shall be due thereon for such call or calls as aforesaid, and legal interest for the same, and all the expences attending the application for and advertising of the same as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when any share or shares of the said undertaking shall by virtue of this act have become forfeited to or vested in the said company as herein mentioned, then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said company, or their committee of management for the time being, to sell or cause to be sold by public auction or private contract, and by writing under the common seal of the said company, to assign and transfer such and so many of the share or shares so become forfeited, as the same company, or their said committee of management, shall from time to time find necessary and direct to be sold, unto such person or persons as shall become the purchaser or purchasers thereof, his, her or their executors, administrators and assigns, and such assignments and transfers shall be good, valid and effectual against the previous owner or owners of every such share or shares so forfeited to or vested in the said company, and sold as aforesaid, and all persons claiming under him, her or them: provided always, That in case the money produced by the sale of any such share or shares as shall be forfeited by reason of the non-payment of any call or calls as herein authorized, shall be more than sufficient to pay all such arrears or calls as aforesaid, and legal interest thereon, and the expences attending the sale or sales, the surplus of such money shall be paid to the person or persons to whom such share or shares shall have belonged, on demand: provided also, That the said company, or their committee of management, shall not by virtue of this act, sell or transfer, ot direct to be sold or transferred any more of such shares of such defaulter or defaulters in payment of calls, than shall be sufficient, as near as may be, at the time of such call to pay the arrears due from such defaulter or defaulters for or on account of such call or calls, and the interest and expences attending the same; and from end after payment of all and every such call or calls, and the interest and expences as aforesaid, any share or shares vested in the said company as aforesaid which shall remain in their bands unsold, shall revert to and again become the property of the person or persons to whom such share or shares shall have belonged, immediately before such forfeiture as aforesaid, in such manner as if such calls had been duly and regularly paid.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, proprietor or proprietors of any share or shares in the said undertaking, shall die before payment shall have been made by him, her or them of the full sum to be called for, in respect thereof, as herein mentioned, without having made any sufficient provision by will or otherwise, in what manner such share or shares shall be disposed of, and how the future calls in respect thereof shall be answered; or in case any proprietor or proprietors of any share or shares in the said undertaking shall become lunatic before payment shall have been made by him, her or them, of the full sum to be called for in respect thereof, as herein mentioned; or in case any proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid shall be a minor or minors; then and in such case the executors or administrators of such deceased proprietor or proprietors, and the committee of any lunatic or lunaties, and the guardian or guardians of any minor or minors, shall and he and they is and are hereby authorized to raise and levy out of any funds or effects vested in him or them respectively, to or for the use or benefit of such deceased proprietor or proprietors, lunatic or lunatics, minor or minors, or of the party or parties entitled under him, her or them respectively, to such share or shares, so much money as shall from time to time be requisite and necessary to answer and pay the call or calls which shall be made on the owner or owners, proprietor or proprieters, of such share or shares, under the authority of this act; and such executors or administrators, committee or committees, guardian or guardians, shall be, and he and they is afid are hereby indemnified against his and their respective cestui que trusts, and all other persons whomsoever, for raising or levying and pacing any money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of such share or shares.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Company empowered to ?*ell forfeited Shares.

If the Purchase Money for such Shares shill he more than sufficient to pay the Arrears of Calls, and Interest and Ux pence* thereon, the Surplus to be paid to the Owner on demand.

Executors, Administrators, Committees and Guardians, indemnified in paying Calls.

i

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

For ascertaining the Proprietorship of Shares in certain Oases.

Proofs required where flights accrue by Marriage or Death.

LI. And whereas in case any original holder or proprietor, or holders or proprietors, of one or more share or shares in the said undertaking, shall die, beoome insolvent or bankrupt, or go out of the kingdom, or shall transfer his, her or their right and interest to some other person or persons, and no register shall have been made of the transfer thereof with the clerk of the said company, it may not be in the power of any officer acting for the said company, to ascertain who is or are the owner or proprietor, or owners or proprietors of such share or shares, in order to give him, her or them, or his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns, notice or notices of calls to be made on such share or shares, or to maintain any action or actions, suit or other proceedings against his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns, for the recovery of the same; Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where the right and property in any share or shares in the said undertaking shall pass from the original subscriber or subscribers, or any proprietor or proprietors thereof, to any other person or persons, by any other legal means than by a transfer and conveyance thereof, in the form and manner herein specified, or herein otherwise provided, an affidavit shall be made and sworn to by two credible persons, before a master or a master extraordinary of his Majesty's high court of chancery, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, staling the manner in which such share or shares hath or have passed to such other person or persons, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns, and such affidavit shall be delivered to and left with the clerk of the said company, to the intent that he may preserve the same, and enter and register the name or names of every such other proprietor or proprietors in the register book, or list of subscribers and proprietors of the said undertaking, to be kept in the office of the clerk to the said company; and in all or any of the said cases, after three calendar months notice in writing shall have been given by the said clerk to the person or persons stated in such affidavit to be the owner or owners of such share or shares, or left at his, her or their last or usual place of abode, to pay his, her or their proportion of money so to be called for, and such person or persons, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns, shall not have paid such his, her or their proportion as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said subscribers and proprietors, at any general meeting after the expiration of such notice, to declare the same share or shares to be forfeited, and in such case the same shall become forfeited, and shall and may be sold and disposed of in such manner as the said subscribers or proprietors at any meeting or meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the general fund of the said company.

LII. And be it further enacted, That when any person or persons shall claim any part or share in the joint stock of the said company or the profits thereof, in right of marriage, an affidavit containing a copy of the register of such marriage, or the purport of such register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible person, before a master or a master extraordinary in chancery, or one of hfe Majesty's justices of the peace, and shall be delivered to and left with the clerk for the time being of the said company, who shall preserve the same, and make an entry thereof in the book or books which shall be kept by the said clerk for the entry of transfers and sales of shares in the said undertaking; and the said clerk shall be paid for every such entry, the sum of five shillings and no more, before such person or persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such share or shares, or to claim payment of any dividend or dividends in respect thereof; and when any person or persons shall claim any part or share in the joint stock of the said company or the profits thereof, under or by virtue of any will or bequest, or in a course of administration, the probate copy of the will, or the letters of administration, in case the proprietor shall have died intestate, respectively issuing out of one of the ecclesiastical courts of the province of York, shall lie produced and shewn to the said clerk, who shall make an entry of such will, or of so much thereof as shall relate to the disposition of the share or shares of the testator, or the letters of administration, in case the proprietor shall have died intestate; and the said clerk shall be paid for every such entry, the sum of five shillings and no more, before any person or persons shall be entitled to sell and assign such share or shares, or to claim payment

Class IV.] Kingston-upon-Hull Light Company.

185

of any dividend or dividends in respect thereof: 'provided nevertheless. That no bequest or clause in any such will contained, shall bind or affect, or be construed to bind or affect the said company, with notice of any trust or disposition of any share or shares in the joint stock of the said company, or the gains and profits thereof, but the registry of any such share or shares shall be in the name or names of the executor or executors, who shall prove the will of such testator, or the administrator or administrators of his effects, whose receipt or receipts to the said company for the gains and profits thereof, and to any purchaser or purchasers, for the amount of the purchase money paid upon the sale and conveyance of such share or shares, shall be good and effectual, and shall bind the cestui que trusts, and all other person^ claiming interest under such testator, any rule of law or equity to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said company, and their successors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered by their servants, agents, workmen and others, from time to time to make and erect such retorts, gasometers, receivers and other buildings, cisterns, engines, machines or other apparatus, cuts, drains, sewers, watercourses, reservoirs, and other works and devices, and to sink and lay pipes, and to erect and fix them against any walls of such construction and in such manner as the said company shall think necessary or proper for carrying the purposes of this act into execution; and also to break up the soil and pavement of any streets, squares, market-places, courts, yards, highways, roads, ways, lanes, passages and other places, or any part of them, and to dig and sink trenches and drains, and lay mains or pipes, and put stop cocks, syphons, plugs or branches from such pipes, in, under, across and along such places as aforesaid, and in such manner as shall be necessary for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, or supplying any such light as aforesaid, and from time to time to alter the position of and to repair, relay and maintain such pipes, stop cocks, syphons and plugs or branches, and also to carry, fit up and furnish any pipe or pipes, cocks or branches, or other necessary apparatus from any main or pipe laid in any street, square, market-place, court, yard, highway, road, way, lane, passage or other place by the said company by virtue of this act, in, to, or through any dwelling-house or houses, manufactories, public or private buildings, for the purpose of lighting the same, or any public or private lamp from any of such mains or pipes, and to erect and set up any machine or other apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to any dwelling-house or houses, manufactories, public or private buildings a proper and competent supply of gas, or for measuring or ascertaining the extent of such supply, and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect work which shall have been placed or which shall be injured or damaged in such dwelling-house or houses, manufactories, public or private buildings, and to do all such other acts, matters and things as the said company, and their successors, shall from time to time think necessary and convenient for completing and amending, repairing, improving, supplying and sustaining the same, provided that the same be done with as much dispatch as possible, and that a proper compensation be made for any damage done thereby: provided also, nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said company to carry or lay any pipe or pipes to, through or against any dwelling-house or houses, manufactories, private buildings, yards or grounds, for the purpose of lighting any other dwelling-house or houses, manufactories, private buildings, or any other place or places, without the previous consent of the owner and occupier of every such dwelling-house or houses, manufactories, private buildings, yards or grounds, through which any such pipe or pipes may be carried or laid for the purpose aforesaid.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any pipes, cocks or branches, shall be carried or laid from any main or pipe of the said company, into or through any private dwelling-house, manufactory, building, yard or gTound, for the purpose of lighting the same, or any other dwelling-house, manufactory, building, yard or ground, in pursuance of, aod conformably to the powers and authorities in this act contained; and the owner and occupier of any such private dwelling-house, manufactory, building, yard or ground, into or through which such pipes, cocks or branches shall pass or be laid, shall be desirous that the same pipes, cocks

a a

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Power to break up the Soil and Pavements of Streets, to lay Pipes and light Houses, fitc.

Company to remove Pipes, Sic. on private Property, on Notice.

186

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Thi* Act not to affect tile property of the Dock Company or the Public Streets, fee lighted by them, without previous Consent

This Act not to affect the Powets of Commissioners, Assessors, fcc. in Hull and Sc u Iconics.

Workmen in laying Pipes, to make good the Pavement.

Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. [Part III,

and branches shall be altered or removed, and taken away, and of such their desire shall give notice in writing unde? their hands to the said company, then and in every such case the said company shall, at the costs and charges of the parties requiring the same, within fourteen days after receipt of such notice, alter or remove and take away, or cause to be altered, or removed and taken away, all or any such pipes, cocks and branches, as shall have been so introduced and laid therein or thereupon, from any such main or pipe of the said company as aforesaid; and in default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such owner and occupier, or any other person or persons acting under their authority, to cause such pipes, cocks and branches to be altered or removed, and taken away, as the case may require: provided always, That if by the altering, or removing and taking away of any such pipes, cocks or branches, as last mentioned, any damage, loss or in jury shall be done, accrue, or be sustained to or by the said company, either by losing the lighting of any public or private lamp or lamps, or otherwise, then and in every such case such damage, loss or injury shall be made good and paid to the said company, by the owner and occupier requiring such pipes, cocks or branches, to be so altered or removed, and taken away as aforesaid.

LV. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the said gas light company, their servants, agents, workmen or others, to enter into or upon any of the streets, squares, courts, yards, passages, lanes and other places, or into or upon any lands or ground* within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, the said lordship of Myton and liberty of Trippett, and the said parish of Sculcoates, or any or either of them, which are the soil and freehold of the said dock company, to break up the soil and pavement of the said streets, squares, courts, yards, passages, lanes, places, lands and grounds, or to dig and sink trenches and drains, or to lay mains or pipes, or put stop-cocks, syphons, plugs or branches, from such pipes, in, under, across and along such last-mentioned roads, places and grounds, or any of them, or for carrying the purposes of this act into execution, therein or thereupon, without the authority in writing of the said dock company, under their common seal, for that purpose first had and obtained, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in thi* act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, abridge, alter, lessen, obstruct, or in any manner interfere with the powers and authorities of the commissioners or assessors for lighting, paving, draining, cleansing, and otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or any or either of them, or the rights and powers of any person or persons lawfully authorized to make, enlarge, widen, deepen, repair, cleanse, scour or amend, any vault, drain or sewer, within the said town, lordship, liberty and parish respectively.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the workmen employed in laying or repairing any such mains, pipes, plugs, cocks, syphons or branches, shall do as little damage as may be, and shall forthwith fill in the trenches and make good the pavement and roads, and carry away the rubbish occasioned thereby; and if after such pavements or roads shall have been so repaired and made good, the same shall within six months thereafter give way or require relaying or repairing, in consequence of such pavements or roads having been broken up for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, the same shall forthwith be done and performed by and at the expence of the said company: and the said company shall and they are hereby required to repair any damage arising from any drains, sewers or cuts which may be made for carrying off the washings or waste liquids without Lny delay; and shall in the mean time fence or guard and affix lights during the night at or near the place or place* where any ground shall be opened, in such manner as to prevent accidents to passengers, cattle and carriages: and by and according to the directions and provisions contained in all or any of the acts of parliament now in force for paving, lighting and improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or for preventing nuisances therein: provided also, That if there shall be any wilful or negligent delay in the said company of proprietors,

Class IV.] Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company.

or any of their agent* or servants, or any other person or persons, acting by or under their authority, in filling in any such ground, or removing rubbish, or making good any such pavements or roads; or in case the same shall be imperfectly repaired; or in case the ground so opened shall not be fenced or guarded and lighted, then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, in whom the right of soil of such pavements or roads shall be, or to and for the commissioners for paving or otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or his or their surveyor or surveyors, or any other person or persons acting by or under their authority, or the surveyors of the highways within the said town, lordship, liberty and parish for the time being, to fill in such ground and remove such rubbish, and to repair and make good the pavement of any street, square, market-place, court, yard, highway, road, way, lane, passage or other place so broken up, and the reasonable costs and charges thereof shall be paid by the said company or their treasurer or treasurers; and in default of payment thereof for thirty days next after the amount thereof shall have been agreed on or ascertained, as herein provided, and demand made for the payment thereof (proof of such demand being made by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the town and county of the town of Kingston upon-Hull, or for the East Hiding of the county of York, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require,) a further sum not exceeding five pounds by way of penalty, shall and may be charged upon the said company, and recovered in the same manner as such costs and charges are hereinafter authorized and directed to be recovered.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall For protecting extend or be construed to extend to authorize and empower the said l*'e lVdU:r company or any other person or persons acting under their authority, or in any way whatsoever, to interfere with or abridge the rights or privileges of any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, having any right, privilege or power to supply the inhabitants of the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them respectively with water; and the said company shall be and they are hereby made answerable for any damage, spoil, injury or mischief which shall be done to any of the pipes, works or property of such person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, or the pi|>es or branches of any person or persons communicating with such pipes, works or property, or which shall or may be sustained by them, or any or either of them, by reason or in consequence of any act, matter or thing, to be done or executed by the said company, or any of their agents, servants or workmen; and the said company shall and they are hereby required to p.<y the amount of such damage, spoil, injury or mischief, on demand: provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enlarge or diminish any of the rights or privileges which any person or persons, or bodies corporate or politic, may have or enjoy for supplying the inhabitants of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, lordship of Myton, liberty of Trippett, and parish of Sculcoates, or any or either of them with water.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the said company, or their servants, agents or workmen, shall dig or sink any For the retrench or trenches, for laying any pipe or pi|>es for the conveyance of gas or, ' n "* u'a, ' other apparatus, or shall open any ground for the purposes of this act, in, soil

upon or near to which any water pipe or pipes belonging to the proprietors ii.-tn i».i. for the time being of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, for conveying bn.k.o water into, through or about the said town, lordship, liberty and pari>n, any or either of them respectively, or any branch or service pipe or pipes, for the supply of any dwelling-house or building shall be laid, the said company, their servants, agents or workmen, shall, and they are hereby required to give twenty-four Lours previous notice thereof in writing to the manager or chief clerk or engineer for the time being of the proprietors of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, to be left at the dwelling-house f>r office of the said manager or chief clerk or engineer; and on every such occasion the said com]>any, their servants, agents and workmen, shall under the inspection of the manager or chief clerk or engineer for the time being

187

Kingston-upon-Hull Light Company.

[Part ill.

Liberty to

Sroceed without irection of the Proprietor* of the Water Works, after Notice.

Gas Pipes to be laid Four Feet from the Water Pipes, and in a particular man-

of the said water works, protect and secure such water pipe or pipe* from any injury or damage, and shall also repair and make good any damage that shall or may be done to any such pipe or pipes, on any such occasion; and in default of repairing and making good any such damage, the said company shall for each and every such default forfeit and pay to the manager or chief clerk for the time being of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, for the use of the proprietors thereof, any sum not exceeding five pounds, and also the costs and expences which shall have been incurred by the said proprietors for the time being, in and about the protecting and securing of any such water pipe or pipes, or in and about the repairing or making good any injury or damage that may have been done thereto by the means aforesaid; such costs and expences to be ascertained by any justice of the peace for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or for the East Riding of the county of York, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, and to be recovered in the same manner as any expences or penalty under this act may be recovered.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the proprietors for the time being of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, or their manager, chief clerk or engineer for the time being, shall, at the expiration of the notice hereinbefore directed to be given to them or him as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to inspect the digging or sinking of any trench or trenches for laying any pipe or pipes therein, or the opening of any ground for the purposes of this act, as hereinbefore authorized, to be executed and performed under their inspection as aforesaid, then the said company, or their committee of management for the time being, are hereby fully authorized to do and perform the works specified in such notice, without the inspection of the said proprietors, or other persons so acting as aforesaid, or their manager, chief clerk or engineer for the time being: provided also, That the regulations hereinbefore contained, shall not extend or be construed to prevent the said company, or their said committee of management, from doing all such repairs and renewals as shall from time to time be requisite and necessary to be done in or about any of their works, which shall have beeu originally executed under the inspection or with the consent of the said proprietors, or such other person or persons acting as aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pipes or other conduits hereafter to be laid or used for the conveyance of gas, in, under, through, along, across or round any street, square, market-place, court, yard, highway, road, way, lane, passage, or other place in the town, lordship, liberty and parish aforesaid, any or either of them, shall be laid at the greatest practicable distance (and wherever the width of the carriageway in such street, court, way or place will allow thereof, at the distance of four feet at least) from the nearest part of any water pipe already laid down, or hereafter to be laid down, by or by the order of the proprietors for the time being of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, for the conveyance of water in, under, through, along, across or round any of the said streets, squares, market-places, courts, yards, highways, roads, ways, lanes, passages, or other places in the town, lordship, liberty, and parish aforesaid, except in cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the gas pipes across any of the said water pipes, in which cases the said gas pipes shall, wherever practicable, be laid over and above the said water pipes at the greatest practicable distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right angle as near as the situation will admit, and in such cases, the said gas pipes so crossing the said water pipes, shall be at least nine feet in length, so that no joint of any of the said gas pipes shall be nearer to any of the said water pipes than four feet at least, where the width of the street, square, market-place, court, yard, highway, road, way, lane, passage or other place will admit, and that such gas pipes so crossing the said water pipes, shall for the whole length thereof, be sufficiently bedded in with good sound clay, of a proper consistence, and well worked and rammed into the trenches all round the said gas pipes, and that in laying down the said gas pipes, the said company shall in no case join two or more gas pipes together previous to their being laid in the trench, but shall lay each pipe as near as may be in its place in the trench, and shall in such trench pro-

160

Class IV.] Kingston+upon-Hull Gas Light Company.

perly form the jointing with the other pipes to be added thereto, with proper and sufficient materials, and also wherever practicable lay and well and sufficiently bed each and every of the joints of the said main gas pipes, and also the joints or screws of the branch or service gas pipes connecting with the main gas pipes, and also the joints of the service or branch pipes for conveying the gas from the main gas pipes to the houses and other buildings, and all other joints, inlets, apertures or openings, which are or shall or may be made in any of the said gas pipes, with such clay as aforesaid, all round the said several and respective joints, inlets, apertures or openings, and for twelve inches in length each way, from the centre of each and every of the caps or joints in the main pipes, and of the inlets, apertures, screws or joints connecting the service pipes with the maiu pipes, and all other joints, inlets, apertures or openings therein, and for six inches at least, from the centre of each of the joints in the service pipes, so as to make and keep all and every such pipes, and the screws, joints, inlets, apertures or openings therein respectively, air-tight, and to prevent the said gas from escaping therefrom.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said gas shall be found to escape from any of the said company's pipes to be laid as aforesaid, so as to contaminate or affect the water supplied by the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, to the town, lordship, liberty and parish aforesaid, any or either of them, the said company shall immediately, on notice thereof, to be left at the office or usual place of transacting the business of the said company, by the manager or chief clerk or engineer for the time being of the proprietors of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, or by any inhabitant of that part of the said town, lordship, liberty or parish, any or either of them, where the water so supplied shall be contaminated or affected as aforesaid, cause the most proper and speedy measures to be taken to stop and prevent such gas from escaping; and in case the said company shall not within twenty-four hours next after each and every such notice, so left as aforesaid, of any such escape of gas, effectually stop or prevent the same from further escaping, and wholly and satisfactorily remove the cause of every such complaint, then and in every such case the said company shall, on each and every complaint of the said water being tainted, contaminated or affected by such gas as aforesaid, forfeit and pay on demand to the manager or chief clerk or engineer for the time being, of the proprietors for the time being of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, for the use and benefit of the same proprietors, the sum of forty shillings, for each and every day that the said water shall in each and every instance be and remain so contaminated, tainted or affected by a continued escape of such gas as aforesaid; and in default of payment thereof as aforesaid, such penalty or penalties shall and may be recovered by information on the oath or affirmation of one credible witness, to be exhibited by and in the name of the manager or chief clerk or engineer, or other officer or servant, for the time being, of the proprietors, for the time being, of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, or by such inhabitant as aforesaid, against the said company, before any justice of the peace of the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, with costs, to be ascertained by such justice, and to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said company, together with the charges of $uch distress and sale, by warrant under the band and seal of such justice, which warrant such justice is hereby empowered to grant; and such penalty or penalties and costs, when so levied, shall be paid to the manager or chief clerk or engineer for the time being, of the proprietors for the time being, of the Kingston-upon-Hull water works, for the use of the said proprietors: provided nevertheless, That if it shall appear to the justice, before whom such complaint shall be exhibited, that the said company shall have used all due diligence within the twenty-four hours after such notice shall have been so left as aforesaid, and shall thenceforth continue to use all such due diligence, until the said complaint shall be effectually removed, then and in every such case the said company shall not be subject or liable to the aforementioned penalty.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any gas shall be found to escape from any of the pipes which shall be laid down or set up by the

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Company to prevent Gas escaping, fee. or Water Company to have certain Power*.

For stopping tbs Escape of Gas.

2 Geo. IV. e. 45.

Company to raise, ink or alter Pi pea, kc. upon Not ire, «r may take same away.

said company in pursuance of this act, the said company shall at their own expence immediately after receiving notice by parole or in writing, of any such escape of gas, from any person or persons whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual measures to be taken to stop and prevent such gas from further escaping; and in case the said company shall not within twenty-four hours next after such notice by parole or in writing being given of any such escape of gas, effectually stop and prevent the gas from further escaping and wholly and satisfactorily remove the cause of complaint, then and in every such case the said company shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for each and every day after the expiration of twenty-four hours from the time of giving any such notice during which the gas shall be suffered to escape as aforesaid, which penalty shall from time to time be recoverable, in a summary way, on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, by information to be laid and exhibited by such person or persons signing such notice as aforesaid, before some one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, and shall and may be recovered with all reasonable charges by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said company, by the warrant of any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, to be granted in like manner and subject to the like provisions as are herein directed, touching other penalties to be recovered from the said company; and the same shall, when recovered, be paid one half to the person or persons so giving such notice as aforesaid, and the other half to the guardians or overseers of the poor of the parish in which the escape of such gas shall take place.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if for the purposes of more effectually lighting, cleansing, draining, paving or otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them, or preventing nuisances therein, it shall at any time or times be deemed necessary or expedient by the said mayor and burgesses or dock company, or any commissioners or other persons acting under the authority of any act of parliament, or any person or persons having the right of soil of such pavements, roads or ways, or the surveyors of the highways in the said town, lordship, liberty or parish respectively, to require the said company to move, raise, sink or alter the situation of any of the mains, pipes, stop cocks, plugs, syphons or branches which shall be laid down for the purposes aforesaid, the said company shall, within seven days next after being required so to do, by notice in writing to them given by the person or persons aforesaid, having the right to give the same, or their clerk or other officer or manager thereunto authorized, commence moving, raising, sinking, or altering such mains, pipes, stop cocks, plugs, syphons or branches according to such notice, in such manner and in such place or places as the aid mayor and burgesses, or dock company, or such commissioners, surveyors, or other person or persons authorized as aforesaid, shall think right and proper, and with all possible dispatch complete the same; or at the option of the said company, they shall and may remove and take away such mains, pipes, stop cocks, plugs, syphons or branches, and all or any of the lamp posts, lamp irons, and other materials ai.d things belonging to the said company, connected or communicating therewith, the costs and charges of which said moving, raising, sinking, altering and removing, as well as of filling up the trenches, and making good the roads and pavements which shall have been opened, excavated or dug up for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be paid and borne by such party or parties, as one or more justice or justices of the peace of the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, shall adjudge and determine to bear and pay the same; and which said justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and directed to decide and determine within seven days after application shall be made to him or them by either party; and in case the said company shall neglect or refuse to conform to such notices, or to remove and take away such mains, pipes, stop cocks, plugs, syphons or branches, and to fill up the trenches, and make good the Toads and pavements which shall have been opened, excavated or dug up for any of the purposes aforesaid, then and in either of such cases, the said company shall after conviction thereof, before any one or more justice or

191

Class IV.] King ston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company.

justices of the peace for the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, of the delivery of such notice or notices, and the neglect or refusal of the said company to comply therewith, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings for every day that such neglect or refusal shall be mide or continued.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall lay or cause to be laid any iron, leaden or other pipe to communicate with any pipe belonging to the said company, without the consent of the said company, under their common seal, first had and obtained, nor use burners of larger dimensions than he, she or they respectively shall contract or pay for, or supply any inhabitant or other person with any part of such gas, on pain of forfeiting and paying to the said company the sum of five pounds for each and every day such pipe shall so remain, or such excess be so committed, or such supply furnished, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under the band and seal, or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, and which warrant such justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required and empowered to grant, and the surplus, after such penalty or forfeiture, and the charges of such distress and sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon demand, to the owner of such good* and chattels; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, or such forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the house of correction or common gaol of the said town and county or riding, as the case may require, there to remain without bail or mainprize for such time as such justice or justices shall direct, not exceeding three calendar months, unless such forfeiture and all reasonable charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the said company of proprietors, if they shall so think fit, to take off the gas from the house and premises of the person so offending by laying such pipes, committing such excess or furnishing such supply of gas as aforesaid, notwithstanding any contracts or agreements which may have been previously entered into.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said company to make such sewers or conduits into the public sewers and drains already made, or which may hereafter be made in the said town, lordship, liberty or parish, any or either of them, and where no such public sewers or drains are or shall be made, then the said company shall and may at their expence make such sewers or cuts of such breadth, depth and dimensions, and in such manner as they shall think expedient, under the streets, ways, lanes and avenues and places within the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them respectively, for the purpose of carrying off the washings and other waste liquids which may arise in the prosecution of the works aforesaid, the said company doing as little damage as may be. In making the said sewers, conduits and cuts, and immediately repairing at their own expence all such damage; provided that such washings or other waste liquid matter, made in the process of manufacturing such gas, shall be conducted or conveyed in and through the nearest public drains or sewers in the said to^n, lordship, liberty or parish, unless the same shall be found noisome or injurious, in which case the said company shall, upon being required so to do by any justice of the peace for the said town and county or riding where the same may be situated, cause the sewers or cuts to be made by them, and communicating with the said public drains and sewers, to be removed therefrom, and conducted or conveyed in a different channel underground, without openings to the air, into some proper receptacle; provided also, that no such washings or other waste liquid, or other matter or thing arising or made in the manufacture of such gas, shall be conducted or conveyed into any of the docks, or any brook or stream of fresh water whatsoever.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said company or their successors, servants, agents, workmen or others, shall not by any work to be done by virtue of this act, damage or injure any public ewer or drain, within the said town, lordship, liberty or parish; and if any damage or injury shall unavoidably be done to any such sewer or drain.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

No Pipes of Comm unicat ion to he laid without Consent of the Company.

Power to convey Washings.

Company not to injure Public Drains.

192 Kingston-upon-Hutt Gas Light Company. [part 111.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Power to contract for lighting with Gy.

Service Pipes to l>« kept fully charged with Gas.

If Contracts be not duly performed, they may be voided on giving Notice.

In case of Determination of Con. tracts. Streets, Re. to be made good by the Cora | any.

Remedy for Recovery of Rente

the said company, or their successors, shall forthwith well and sufficiently repair and make good every such damage or injury, and in default thereof then such damage shall be recovered by the commissioners for draining' the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or the surveyors of the highways therein for the time being, in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said company from lime to time to treat and negotiate with any body or bodies corporate and politic, as well as any commissioners for the time being, or persons acting in execution of any act or acts of parliament, having local authority, or empowered thereto by this act, and to enter into and execute any contracts which may be agreed upon, for lighting with gas any lamp or lamps in the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them, or any part thereof, but subject to such and the like coo-troul and direction as is or are reserved and contained in the said act or acts of parliament, or any of them, for lighting or otherwise improving the same town, lordship, liberty and parish, or any of them.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the branch or service pipes which shall be put up by the said company for lighting the streets, squares and other public places of the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them, under any contract or agreement with the said commissioners, or other persons thereunto authorized, shall be kept fully charged with gas, and the stop cocks shall be so formed and turned as not to impede or prevent the said branch or service pipes being completely filled with gas during the time the same shall he lighted.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if the said company shall contract with any such commissioners, assessors, or any party or parties as aforesaid, for lighting the said town, lordship, liberty, parish or place, or any part of the same respectively, or any public or other buildings therein, and shall not duly perform such contract, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for such commissioners, assessors, party or parties to determine such contract, giving three calendar months notice thereof, and then and in such case, and also at the expiration of any contract so to be made, it shall be lawful for the said company, at the expiration of such contract or determination thereof, by such notice, to remove the mains, pipes, cocks, plugs, branches, lamp posts, lamp irons, and other materials belonging to the said company, and employed in lighting such town, lordship, liberty, parish or place, or any buildings herein as aforesaid.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all and every case where the contract or contracts so to be made, and entered into by the said company, shall he determined as aforesaid, and the mains, pipes, cocks, plugs, branches, lamp posts, lamp irons, and other materials belonging to the said company, shall he taken away and removed by them, the said company shall make good and repair the pavements and roads which shall have been opened or broken up by them for that purpose, without delay, or in default thereof the same shall and may be repaired and made good by the commissioners acting in execution of the said acts, for paving the said town, lordship, liberty or parish, or the surveyors of the highways for the same, or other person or persons having the right of soil in such pavements or roads, and the costs and charges attending the same, shall be paid by the said company, and be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

LXX11. And be it further enacted, That in case any party or parties who shall contract with the said company, or agree to take, use or enjoy the benefit of the said gas in their private dwelling-houses, shops, counting-houses, inns, taverns, manufactories or other buildings, shall refuse or neglect, after the space of ten days after demand, to pay the sum or sums of money then due for the same to the said company, according to the tenan and stipulations with the said company, it shall be lawful for the said company, or their clerk or superintendent, or any person or persons acting by or under their authority, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two of the justices of the peace for the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, to levy the said sum or sums in respect whereof such refusal or neglect shall happen, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party or partie* so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to such party or parties so refusing or neglecting, after the necessary charges

103

of making such distress and sale shall be first deducted; or the same, with costs of suit, may be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt or on the case, bill, plaint or information wherein no essoign, protection or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously remove, takeaway, destroy, damage or injure any, or any part of any pipe, post, plug, lamp or other apparatus, matter or thing belonging to the said company, or shall wilfully or maliciously waste or improperly use any of the inflammable air or gas supplied by the said company, or shall wantonly or maliciously hinder or interrupt the said company or their deputies, agents, workmen or servants, or any of them, in doing or performing or attending any of the works or in exercise of any of the powers and authorities by this act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, (other than and except under or by virtue or in execution of all or any of the said acts now in force for lighting, paving, draining, cleansing or otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, or of all or any of the powers and authorities hereby reserved to or for the said mayor and burgesses or dock company, and the said commissioners, assessors or other persons lawfully authorized by the said acts, or any of them, proper compensation being made and given to the said company for any damage or injury which shall happen or be occasioned thereby,) every person so offending in any of the respective premises, (other than and except as aforesaid,) and being thereof lawfully convicted on the oath or affirmation of one credible witness, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said town and county or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, shall forfeit and pay to the said company, any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds, and three times the amount of the damage done or occasioned by such conduct, the same to be ascertained by such justice or justices; such penalty and damage, together with reasonable costs, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, returning the overplus (if any) on demand to the owner of such goods and chattels; or such offender shall and may be committed to the house of correction or the common gaol of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or East Riding of the county of York, as the case may require, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace, touching any matter contained in any information or complaint for any offence against this act, either on behalf of the prosecutor, or on behalf of the person or persons accused, and (after having been paid or tendered a reasonable sum for his, her or their costs, charges and expences, if the same shall be required by such witness or witnesses) shall refuse or neglect to appear from time to time at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for his, her or their refusal or neglect to appear, or shall refuse to be examined upon oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer,) and to give evidence before such justice or justices, then and in every such case, such person shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding ten pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any costs, charges, damages, compensations or expences, are by this act directed to be paid or received by the said company, to or from any body corporate or politic, commissioners, assessors, or other person or persons, and the amount of such co6ts, charges, damages, compensations or expences shall not be agreed on by or between the parties, and is not herein or hereby otherwise directed or authorized to be ascertained and recovered, the same shall be settled and determined by any two or more justices of the peace (having jurisdiction in the place where such costs, charges, damages, compensations and expences shall arise or be incurred,) and who are hereby authorized and required, within seven days next after complaint or application shall be made to them for that purpose, by the party aggrieved or entitled to claim compensation, to inquire into, and upon the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, ascertain and determine the same in a sum-

R b

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Penalty for damaging Pipes.

For compelling the attendance of WitncsBea.

For ascertaining and compelling payment of Coots Damages and Expences.

Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. [Part III.

mary way; and In case the amount of such costs, charges, damages, com* pensations and expences, so to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, shall not be paid and discharged within ten days next after the same shall have been so ascertained and determined, and demand of payment having been duly made, the amount thereof, or of so much thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with any penalties which may then have been incurred in consequence of such non-payment, shall and may, upon proof by the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, of such demand and neglect of payment, be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party or parties to whom it shall belong, to pay the same, together with the costs of such distress and sale by warrant, under the hands and seals of two or more justices of the peace (having jurisdiction,) which warrant they are accordingly hereby authorized and directed to grant; and for the purpose of being executed in a different jurisdiction to that in which such warrant shall have issued, such warrant shall and may be indorsed by the justice or justices of such other jurisdiction, in the like manner as warrants of distress and sale are now permitted and authorized; and the amount which shall be recovered and received under such warrant, shall be raid to the party or parties authorized to claim and receive the same, under the provisions herein contained, who after deducting the necessary charges of making such distress and sale, shall pay over the surplus thereof (if any) to the party or parties so refusing or neglecting, or the amount which shall be so ascertained and determined as aforesaid, may be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, wherein no essoign protection or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures for all and every the offeuces in this act mentioned, in relation to which the manner of convicting the offenders, or recovery of such penalties or forfeitures is not particularly mentioned or directed, shall be adjudged by and recovered before any justice of the peace for the said town and county, or riding, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, in a summary way, and who is hereby authorized and empowered to convict the offender or offenders upon information, by the oath or affirmation of any person or persons, or on the confession of the party offending (which oath or affirmation such justice is hereby authorized to administer; ) and in default of payment of such penalties or forfeitures, the same shall be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained (the reasonable charges of such distress and sale being first deducted; ) and one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof shall be paid to the guardians or overseers of the poor of the parish wherein such offence shall be committed, to be by them applied towards the relief of the poor of such parish; and in case such penalties and forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon conviction, then it shall be lawful for such justice to order the offender or offenders so eonvicted to be detained and kept in safe custody, until return can be conveniently made to such warrant of distress, unless the offender or offenders shall give sufficient sectfttty to the satisfaction of such justice, for his or their appearance before such justice on such day or days as shall be appointed for the return of such warrant of distress, such day or days not being more than twenty-one days from the time of taking any such security, and which security the said justice is hereby empowered to take by way of recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the return of such warrant, it shall appear that sufficient distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender or offenders to the house of correction or common gaol for the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or for the East Riding of the county of York, as the case may require, for any time not exceeding three calendar months.

LXXVII. And for the more easy conviction of offenders against this act. Be it further enacted, That a conviction in the form or to the effect following, shall be good without alleging more than the substance of the offence, viz.

19 *

Town of Kingston.upon-Hull, -x " Be it remembered, That on the

and county of the same Town, / day of in the year of our

[or, East Riding of the County [" Lord is [or, are] convicted

of York, (to wit) u the ease \ " before me [or, us, as the case may be]

may require ] " of hj8 Majesty's justices of

" the peace for the said town and county of Kingston-upon-Hull u [or, the said East Riding of the county of York, as the case u may require] by virtue of an act of parliament passed in the ' second year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled, u [here insert the title of this act] of having [specifying the " offence and the time and place when and where the same was " committed, as the case shall 5e] contrary to the said act, and " for which offence, I [or, we, as the case shall be] do adjudge the said to have forfeited the sum

" of Given under my hand and seal [or, our

* hands and seals] the day and year first v. .»ove written."

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate shall be subject or liable to the payment of any of the penalties or forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this act, for any offence or offences against this act, unless information respecting such offence or offences shall have been lodged before a magistrate, within six calendar months next after such offence is committed.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party nr parties making the same a trespasser or trespassers on account of any defect or want of form in any of the proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any subsequent irregularity in the party or parties so distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved may recover by action on the case full satisfaction for the special damage by him or them sustained in consequence of such irregularity; but no person or persons shall recover in any such action, if tender of sufficient amends shall, before such action brought, have been made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity as aforesaid, or shall have been guilty of any trespass or other wrongful proceeding; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court in which any such action shall be pending, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders and judgments shall be had, made and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any person or persons from proceeding by indictment or otherwise, against the said company, or against any of their officers, servants or workmen, in respect of any works of the said company, or the method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such lights as aforesaid, as a public or private uuisance, or from bringing any actions against the said company, or any of their officers, servants or workmen, for any injury sustained by reason of any such works or method of lighting, whether such injury shall proceed from the nature of such method of lighting, or the carelessness or want of skill in the persons employed therein.

LXXJCI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, annul, alter or otherwise affect all or any of the provisions or enactments contained in the said acts for lighting, paving, draining, cleansing and otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty or parish, or any or either of them, nor to exempt, excuse or discharge the said company, their officers, servants or workmen, from all or any of the fines, penalties, forfeitures, punishments, costs, charges or other matters or things imposed or charged , or which may be recovered or levied under or by virtue of the said acts of parliament, any or cither of them, for or by reason of the neglecting or omitting to light, or insufficiently lighting all or any of the lamps to be fixed, erected

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Form of Couvicliou.

Proceedings l»e within Six cairn-dar Mouths.

Distress not to lie deemed unlawful for waut ol' lorut.

Nothing in thin Act to pre\cnt Company from

Ihiii. indicted

for a Nuisance.

This A« t not to alteet I he Acts for PaYinjT, bifcht. in£, Si.e. no I In exempt the Company from the Penalties.

106 Kingston-upon-Hull Gas Light Company. [part Hi.

2 Geo. IV. c. 45.

Appeal.

Directing what shall be deemed Service of Notice, Ac. on the Company.

General Saving of all Rights.

and placed by the said company, in all or any of the public streets, squares, market-places, courts, yards, highways, roads, ways, lanes and passages in the said town, lordship, liberty or parish respectively, or for or in respect of the breach and non-performance of all or any of the contracts which shall or may be made and entered into by the said company, to or with the said commissioners, assessors or others, acting in execution of the said acts of parliament, or any of them, for lighting the said town, lordship, liberty or parish with gas, under or by virtue of this act, or for or by reason of any nuisance, obstruction, annoyance, offence or other matter or thing to be done or committed by the said company, their officers, servants or workmen, contrary to all or any of the provisions and enactments in the said acts or any of them, expressed and contained in anywise howsoever.

LXXXU. And be it further enacted, That if the said company, or any person or persons, shall think themselves, himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, or by any by-law, rule or order to be made in pursuance hereof, (and for which no particular mode of relief is hereinbefore appointed,) the said company, or such person or persons, may appeal to the justices of the peace, at the general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the town and county, riding or place, where the cause of appeal shall have arisen, within the space of four calendar months next after the cause of appeal shall have arisen, such appellant or appellants first giving or causing to be given, fourteen days notice at least of his, her or their intention to bring such appeal, and of the cause thereof, to the said company or other the respondent or respondents^and within ten days next after such notice given, enter into a recognizance before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, riding or place, or other justice or justices having jurisdiction, as the case may require, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at such general or quarter sessions, and to abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such sessions; and the said justices at such sessions, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the cause and matter of such appeal, iu a summary way, and shall award such costs to either party as they shall think proper; and the determination of the justices at such sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all parties.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein it may be requisite or necessary for any person or persons, party or parties, to serve any notice or notices upon the said company, or any writ or writs, or other legal proceedings, the service thereof upon the chairman of the said committee of management for the time being, or left at his last or usual place of abode, or upon the clerk of the said company for the time being, or at the office of such clerk, or left at his last or usual place of abode, or at the office of the said company; or in case the same respectively shall not he found or known, then service upon any member of the committee of management for the time being, or left at his last or usual place of abode, or upon any agent or other officer employed by the said company, or left at his last or usual place of abode, shall he deemed good and sufficient service of the same respectively on the said company.

LXXXIV. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to the mayor and burgesses of the said town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and their successors, and to the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, and their successors, and to the said dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull, and their successors, and to the commissioners, assessors or others, acting under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force for cleansing, lighting and watching and otherwise improving the said town, lordship, liberty and parish, any or either of them, or any part thereof, and to any other person or persons having the lawful controul, direction or management of lighting or paving the said town, lordship, liberty or parish, or either of them, or any part thereof, their respective rights, privileges, powers, authorities and trusts, franchises and immunities, as fully and completely in every respect as they respectively enjoyed the same before the passing of this act.

Class V.] Playhouse.

197

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the costa, charge and expences attending the applying for, obtaining and passing this act, shall be paid and discharged out of the monies already subscribed, or out of the first monies which shall be subscribed for the purposes of this act.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

9 Geo. III. c. 17.

Expence* of the Act, how to lie paid.

Public Act.

CLASS V.

PLAYHOUSE.

9 Geo. 111. Cap. 17. 1708.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to Licence a Playhouse in the city of York; and in the town and comity of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

WHEREAS a licenced playhouse is much wanted in the city of York; and in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That so much of an act of parliament which passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars and vagrants, into one act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent; whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence from the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty's household for the time being, except within the liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty 4i residing for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed with respect to the said city of York, and town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull respectively: and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said city of York, and within the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull respectively; both which playhouses shall be intitled to all the privileges, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

Preamble.

Clause in Act 10 Geo 11. repealed with re^wet to the City of York, and Town of Kiojpton-upon-

The Crown era.

Kwared to grast tters Patent for establishing a Theatre in each of those Places.

Improvement of Sculcoates.

[Part 111

CLASS VI.

STREETS, LIGHTS, WATCHMEN AND IMPROVEMENT OF

41 Geo. 111. Cap. 30. Royal Assent, 21st May, 1801.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places within the parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the county of York, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments and obstructions; and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, coal carriers and water carriers, trucks, carts, and other carriages within the said parish.

WHEREAS the several streets, squares, lanes and other public passages and places already made and built, and which are now making and building within the parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the county of York, are in many parts incommodious and unsafe for passengers, very ill paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions, and other streets, squares, lanes, passages, and public places are intended to be, or may be made or built within the said parish, which may be subject or liable to the same or similar inconveniences; and it would greatly tend to the convenience, benefit, and safety of the public, as well as of the owners and inhabitants of houses already built or building, and of such other houses as may hereafter be built therein, and to all persons resorting thereto, if such streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched and regulated, and all nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions removed and prevented; and it would also greatly tend to the convenience and benefit of the public if a sufficient number of hackney coaches and chairs, and of porters, coal carriers, and water carriers, trucks, carts, and other carriages were licensed, and the same were put under proper regulations: but the several purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament.

II. May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That John Alder.sod, doctor of physic, Anthony Atkinson, Jonas Brown, William Bolton, Richard Baker, William Barnes, George Brown, John Barkworth, Robert Cross, Henry Coates, John Carlill, Thomas Dikes, clerk, Thoma9 Dawson, Gardner Egginton, Joseph Egginton, William Fowler, Philip Green, Simon Horner, Benjamin Holland, John Hall, John Hay, Francis Hall the younger, John Bevor Lambert, Peter Middleton, John Newbald, William Osbourne, Thomas Osbourne, Joseph Robinson Pease, John Richardson, Francis Taylor, John Thompson, John Todd of Wincolmlee, John Todd of Savile-Street, Richard Thompson, John Watts, Abraham Whitaker, John Whitaker, Benjamin Wright, Nicholas Walton, and their successors, to be elected in manner hereinafter directed (being respectively duly qualified as hereinafter mentioned, and taking the oath or affirmation in the words or to the purport hereinafter mentioned and required) shall

SCULCOATES.

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. 199

be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners for putting this act in* 41 Geo. III. execution. 30

III. And be it further enacted, That tins act shall commence and take c* effect upon the third Wednesday after the passing thereof, if a general

meeting of the said commissioners shall be then had as hereinafter directed, Commencement and if no such meeting shall be had, then on the first subsequent day on of the Act, and which such general meeting shall be had, at some convenient place in the Appointment of parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the *he Me*1 '

forenoon, and such meeting shall consist of five at least of the said com- nff' missioners, when and not before this act may and is hereby required to be proceeded on in the execution thereof; and a general meeting of the commissioners shall be held for carrying the same into execution on every Wednesday afterwards, at the same hour and place, unless some other hour, day or days in the week or year, or some other place within the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, shall be appointed by the commissioners assembled at the said first meeting or any subsequent meeting at which there shall be five commissioners assembled; and if at the time when the said meetings are hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be held, there hall not be at each such meeting five commissioners present, then each such meeting shall stand adjourned to the next day on which a meeting in pursuance of this act would otherwise be held, or at a prior meeting shall have been appointed to be held as aforesaid; and no act, order, rule, resolution, or proceeding of the commissioners shall be valid or effectual unless had, made, or done at a meeting or meetings to be held in pursuance of this act; and that all the powers and authorities by this act granted to or vested in the said commissioners, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major part of the commissioners present at any meeting to be holden by virtue of this act, the number of commissioners present at such meeting not being less than five, except any other number is herein particularly mentioned; and that at such first meeting for putting this act in execution, one of the commissioners present thereat shall be appointed chairman, to whom any one other of such commissioners shall, and is hereby authorized and required to administer the oath or affirmation in the words or to the effect hereinafter made, and such chairman shall immediately afterwards administer the like oath or affirmation to the other commissioners then present, and at every other meeting a chairman shall in like manner be appointed, and the chairman for the time being shall, and is hereby alone authorized and required to administer the oath or affirmation hereby required to be taken by the said commissioners and their successors; and in all cases where there shall arise a difference of opinion, the question shall be decided by a majority of votes of the commissioners then present, and if upon any question there shall be an equal number of votes (including the chairman's vote) then the chairman shall have another or casting vote; and that no order, rule, resolution, or proceeding had, made or done at any meeting held in pursuance of this act, at which there shall have been five commissioners present, shall be revoked, suspended, or altered, unless at some subsequent special meeting to be held for that purpose, (which any nine or more of the commissioners are hereby empowered to call) and of which seven days previous notice of the time, place, and purpose shall be given and inserted in two at least of the daily or weekly newspapers circulated in the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, and affixed on the door of the parish church there, a greater number of commissioners than were present at the meeting or meetings at which such order, rule, resolution, or proceeding, proposed or intended to be revoked, suspended, or altered, shall have been made, shall be present, and shall concur in the revocation, suspension, or alteration thereof, and in such case no other meeting for the execution of this act shall be held until after the day expressed in such notice; and that at every meeting the commissioners present thereat, shall pay their own expences. rrmi.i.m for

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if there be calling Special any particular occasion to bold a meeting before the time at which a meet- Mooting of the ing is hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be held, then Coinuiiwioneia. and in such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any five

or more of them, or for their clerk for the time being, and they or he are and is hereby required to call a special meeting, of which seven days pre-

Improvement of Sculcoates.

[Part III.

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Q uni i 6 rat ion of Comminioncra,

Comrnmionera

Oatlu

Penalty on Peraona not qualified acting m Comm wooers.

Commissioner* may act aa Justices of the Peace.

Appointment of new Commissioners.

vious notice shall be given in the same manner as is hereinbefore mentioned in the case and for the purpose of calling a meeting to revoke, suspend, or alter a former order, rule or proceeding, and in like manner no meeting for the execution of this act shall be held until after the day expressed in the notice for such special meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, who is a victualler, or shall sell ale, wine, cyder, or any other spirituous liquors by retail, or during the time he shall hold or enjoy any office or place of profit under, or be concerned in any contract made by virtue of this act, or in any case wherein he shall be in anywise personally or beneficially interested in the matter in question (except as a creditor on the rates or assessments hereinafter required to be made and levied) or who shall not in his own right, or in the right of his then late or present wife, be in the actual possession, enjoyment, and receipt of the rents Lnd profits of messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments for an estate of freehold within the kingdom of Great Britain, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds (above reprizes and incumbrances) or who shall not be possessed of or entitled to a personal estate of the value of three thousand pounds, over and above the amount of his debts, and who shall moreover reside and be a housekeeper within the said parish; nor shall any person be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act (except in administering the oath or affirmation to the chairman of such first meeting as aforesaid) until he shall have taken and subscribed an oath or affirmation in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say)

" I A. B. do swear [or, being one of the people called quakers do solemnly " declare and affirm] that 1 am really and bona fide in my own right " [or, in the right of ray wife, late or present, as the case may be] now " in the actual possession, enjoyment, and receipt of the rents and profits of messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments for an estate of freehold, situate [or, being, as the case may be] in the township or " parish, or townships or parishes [as the case may be] of '* in the county of within the kingdom of Great Britain,

" of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, above reprizes and " incumbrances, or possessed of or entitled to a personal estate to the " amount or value of three thousand pounds, over and above what will pay all my just debts, and that I do reside, and am a housekeeper within the said parish of Sculcoates, and that I will truly and " impartially, according to the best of my skill and judgment, execute " and perform the several powers and authorities reposed in me as a u commissioner, by virtue of an act passed in the forty-first year of the " reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the " title of this ac<.] " So help me God/ '

And if any person not qualified in manner hereinbefore mentioned to act as a commissioner, shall presume to act as such in the execution of the powers hereby given, or any of them, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered on the information or prosecution of any person or persons whomsoever, with full costs of suit, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoign protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he was at the time of acting qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, without any other proof or evidence being given on the part of the plaintiff or prosecutor, than that such person had acted as a commissioner in the execution of this act; and the money so to be recovered shall, after payment of the costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, be paid one moiety to the informer or prosecutor, and the other moiety be applied to the purposes of this act: provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such of the commissioners who are or shall be in the commission of the peace for the East Riding of the said county of York, to act as justices of the peace in or relating to the execution of this act, notwithstanding their being commissioners under this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, refusal, or incapacity to act of any of the commissioners hereby appointed or to be appointed as

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. 201

hereinafter mentioned, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining commissioners, or any two or more of them, from time to time as occasion shall require, by writing under their hands, to nominate so maDy persons qualified as aforesaid as shall be double the number of the then vacancies, and the said commissioners shall return a list of such persons so nominated to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said East Riding of the county of York; and the justices at such sessions shall and they are hereby required, out of such number of persons, to elect and appoint so many to be commissioners as shall supply the then vacancies; and the commissioners so elected and appointed, shall have and are hereby vested with the same powers and authorities for putting this act in execution in all respects whatsoever, as the commissioners in w hose room they shall be appointed were invested w'ith.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time be found expedient that the number of commissioners for the purpose of executing this act should be increased, then and in such case it snail be lawful for the justices of the peace assembled at any of the general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the East Riding of the said county of York, and they are hereby authorized and required from time to time, upon application being made to them by the majority of the commissioners for the time being, to nominate and appoint, within three calendar months next after such application shall be made, so many and such persons as they in their discretion shall think fit and proper, to be commissioners for the purposes of this act; and the commissioners so to be appointed, are hereby vested with the same powers for putting this act in execution, as if they had been respectively named commissioners in or by this act.

VIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the said commissioners shall be reduced to a less number than fifteen, and by reason thereof a meeting of the said commissioners cannot be procured, then and in such case any two or more of the remaining commissioners, or any ten or more householders of the said parish, qualified as aforesaid, are hereby directed and authorized to make application thereof in writing to the justices so assembled, as often as any such event shall happen; and that it shall be lawful for the said justices, and they arc hereby authorized and required, upon due proof being made of the matter stated, to elect and appoint such and so many person or persons, being householders of the said parish, and qualified as aforesaid, as shall upon such application and evidence appear to be wanting, to the intent and meaning that the number of commissioners for executing the purposes of this act shall at all tiroes hereafter be and remain fifteen at least.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the said commissioners, or any justice or justices of the peace are authorized to examine any person or persons on oath or affirmation, it shall be lawful for such commissioners and justices, and they are hereby required and empowered to administer such oath or affirmation.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, by writing under their hands, to elect and appoint a treasurer and clerk, and also an assessor or assessors, collector or collectors, receiver or receivers of the rates or assessments to be raised and levied, and the several monies to be received by virtue of this act, and by whom such rates, assessments, and monies may from time to time be paid to the treasurer for the time being, or other person or persons appointed for that purpose in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and also all auch surveyors, scavengers, rakers, cleansers, and lighters of lamps, watchmen, or such other officer or officers, deputies and assistants, for the execution of this act, as they shall from time to time think proper; and from time to time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such officers or other persons as they shall see occasion, and appoint others in the room or place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, or in the room of such as shall die or resign their offices, and also from time to time, by and out of the monies to be raised or received by virtue of this act, to pay such wages or salaries, and make such allowances to such officers, and to all other persons by the said commissioners employed in the execution of this act, as they shall think reasonable or proper; and the said commissioners shall and are hereby required to take security from every such

cc

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

For increftting the Number of Comtniflrinners.

Two Comm in. nioncnt or Tea Householders to make Application to Justices when Commissioners are reduced under Fifteen.

Power of ad-mi nisi ring Oaths, and taking Affirmations.

For appointing Officer*.

Commiwionrrs ta take Security

202

Improvement of Sculcoates. [Part III.

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

from every Officer for the due Execution of his Office;

Who are to deliver proper Accounts.

Commissioners may bring Actions asainst Officers making Default of Payment of Money in their Hands.

Officers not paying Balances,

Or refusing to deliver up Papers, may be committed to Prison.

treasurer, clerk, collector, and other officers so to be appointed as aforesaid for the due execution of their respective offices or duties, as the said commissioners shall think proper; and every person who is hereby made liable to pay the several rates or assessments hereby directed and required to be raised and levied, or to pay any sum of money which is directed by this act to be applied to the purposes thereof, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the same to such collector or other persons as shall be so appointed to collect and receive the same in pursuance of this act, which collector or collectors, or other persons, shall not at any time retain in his or their hands more than the sum of twenty pounds, upon pain of forfeiting* to the said commissioners any sum not exceeding ten shillings per day, for every twenty pounds collected and retained beyond the sum of twenty pounds, and so after the same rate for every less sum than the sum of twenty pounds; and all such officers and persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall upon demand, at such time and times, and in such manner as the said commissioners shall direct, deliver to such commissioners, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect accounts in writing, signed by them, of all monies, matters, and things received and committed to their charge by virtue and for the purposes of this act, and how much of the monies has been paid and disbursed, and for what purposes, together with the proper vouchers for such payments, and also the books, papers, and writings in their respective custody or power relating to the proceedings to he had under this act, and shall pay all such monies as shall appear upon balance of their accounts to be due to the treasurer to be appointed as aforesaid, or to such person or persons, and at such time and place as the said commissioners shall appoint; and every such officer and person so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon oath (or affirmation, being a quaker) verify such accounts, and in default of any of the several matters aforesaid, for the space of eight days after being thereunto required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, an action or actions m any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name of their clerk as hereinafter mentioned for the time being, against the officer or officers, person or persons making such default as aforesaid, for the recovery of the monies which shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively, with the full costs of suit; or if complaint be made by the said commissioners, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint to make complaint of any such default as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the county or place wherein the party making default shall be and reside, such justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said officer or officers, person or persons so making or having made default, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing or not appearing (except for some reasonable excuse) to hear and determine the matter of complaint in a summary way; and if upon confession of the party, or by the testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath (or affirmation, being a quaker) it shall appear to such justice that any of the monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this act, shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons, or unaccounted for, then such justice may, and is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order the payment thereof, and upon non-payment thereof to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively, offending or making default as aforesaid; and if no goods or chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of distraining and selling the same, and the other expences attending the requiring or compelling such payment as aforesaid, or in case of refusal to account as aforesaid, or that it shall appear to such justice by the confession of the party so offending or making default as aforesaid, or by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, that any books, papers, or writings relating to the execution of this act, or to the proceedings to be had under the same, shall be in the custody or power of any such officer or person, and he shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the cases aforesaid, such justice shall commit every such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of

203

the county or place where such offender shall be and reside, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he shall give or make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said commissioners, and shall have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint, or until such person shall have delivered up such books, papers, and writings as aforesaid, or given satisfaction in respect thereof: provided always, that no person who shall be committed for want of sufficient distress, shall be committed for any longer space of time than six calendar months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That as often as any collector or receiver of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, shall die, or be incapable, or neglect to perform his duty, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, though not assembled at a meeting pursuant to this act, by any writing under their hands, to appoint another person to collect the same, who shall give security for the due execution of his office during his continuance therein, as the said commissioners shall think proper, until the said commissioners shall, at a meeting to be holden in pursuance of this act, appoint a collector or receiver of such monies; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be appointed treasurer, clerk, assessor, collector, receiver, surveyor, or any other officer or servant who shall be in anywise employed by the said commissioners in putting this act, or any of the powers thereof in execution, shall exact, take, or accept any fee, profit, or reward whatsoever, other than such salaries, allowances, and rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said commissioners, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of this act, or on* any account whatsoever relative to putting the same in execution, or shall directly or indirectly be concerned or interested in any sale, purchase, bargain, or contract made or to be made by or by the order of the commissioners for the putting this act in execution, unless with the consent or approbation of such commissioners, every such person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed in any matter under this act; and shall, over and above, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, within six calendar months after the offence committed, with full costs of suit, in which suit or prosecution no essoign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector or receiver, or other person employed by the commissioners, who shall have received any sum of money by virtue or for the purposes of this act, shall die before he or they shall have paid and satisfied all the money so received by him, then and in every such case the executors or administrators, executrixes or administratrixes, or other person or persons possessing the estate and effects of every such person so dying, shall be liable to pay and make good all such sums of money by such collector or receiver, or other person who have so received and not paid, and the same shall be recoverable by action or suit in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, against such executors or administrators, person or persons as aforesaid, Cor the recovery of the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause proper books to be provided and kept, in which they shall, either by themselves or by their clerk for the time being, make or cause fair and regular entries to be made of the several meetings held in pursuance of this act, and of the commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the nomination of all officers and persons to act in the execution thereof, and of all acts, orders, rules, resolutions, proceedings, matters and things relative to the execution of this act, and also an account of all monies to be assessed or raised, and to be received or made% payable by virtue hereof, and of the payment and application of the same, and of all contracts made by any person or persons by virtue or in pursuance of this act, all which said accounts shall be examined, adjusted, and settled by the commissioners assembled at any meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, quarterly at least or oftener; and the said commissioners so examining, adjusting, or settling such accounts, and also their clerk for the time being, shall sub-

41 Geo. m. c. 30.

Commissioner! may appoint Officers occasionally in case of Death or Removal.

Penalty on Officers taking any Fee or Reward besides the Salary.

Balance of Money received and not paid over at the Time of the Receiver's Death, to he paid by the Executors of the Deceased's Estate.

Bonks to be kept

of Proceedings.

204 Improvement of Seulcoates. Lamps. [Part III.

41 Geo. III. scribe (heir bands to the same; and such commissioners assembled as aforesaid, and their said clerk, shall also subscribe their names at the end of their proceedings at every such meeting; and all entries in their books of such proceedings being signed by the commissioners assembled thereat, and making or ordering the same in virtue or pursuance of this act, and by their clerk, shall be deemed originals, and the same, or attested copies thereof, shall be admitted to be read in evidence in any court whatsoever, in all causes, suits, or actions, and upon all occasions whatsoever, touching any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this act; and such books shall be kept by the clerk for the time being to the said commissioners, or by such other person or persons, and at such place as the said commissioners shall direct, and the same shall respectively at all convenient and seasonable times, be open and liable to the inspection of the said commissioners, and of all persons rated and assessed for the purposes of this act, or otherwise affected thereby, without fee or reward.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the name of their clerk for the time being, and that, all actions or suits that may be necessary or expedient to bring for the recovery of any penalty or sum of money due or payable by virtue of this act, or for or in respect of any matter or thing relating to this act, shall be brought in the name of the said clerk; and that no action or suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or against such commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this act, in the name of their clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the death, suspension, or removal of such clerk, or by any act or default of such clerk done or suffered, without the consent or direction of the said commissioners but the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being shall be always deemed plaintiff or defendant in every such action or suit (as the case may be:) provided always, that every such clerk in whose name any action or suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended, in pursuance of this act, shall always be reimbursed, and paid out of the monies to arise by virtue of this act, all such costs, charges and expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made plaintiff or defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the payment of the same, or any part of them, unless such action or suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful neglect or default, or have been brought or commenced, or be defended without the order or direction of the commissioners.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said com-LatuM*0 l*rov, d missioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to

time, to cause lamp irons or lamp posts to be put up, affixed into, upon, or against the ground adjoining to, or the walls or pallisadoes of any of the houses, tenements, or buildings already built or hereafter to be built within such part of the said parish of Seulcoates (except in such parts of the said parish as the dock company at the town of Kingston-upon-Hull are by act of parliament, covenant, or otherwise, authorized or obliged to provide with lamps and other requisites for lighting the same) as they the said commissioners shall from time to time think proper and convenient, and also to cause such number of lamps, of such sizes and sorts, to be provided and fixed, or put upon such lamp irons or lamp posts, and to cause the same, when so provided and fixed, to be altered, taken down, or removed, as they shall from time to time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the said part of the said parish of Seulcoates as last aforesaid, and also to cause such lamps to be lighted at such time or times, and to be kept lighted during the whole or such part of the night, as they the said commissioners shall Penalty on think proper; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously persona wilfully break, throw down, displace, take away, extinguish, damage, or spoil any lamp or lamps put up or to be put up by virtue of this act, or wilfully damage nop* the posts, irons, or materials belonging thereto or used therewith, or shall

so damage, break, or destroy any fire engine or fire engines, or any buckets, or any other of the materials or utensils thereto belonging or used therewith, which by virtue of this act shall be provided, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the said commissioners or officers employed in the execution of this act, in his or their respective duty, every person or persons so offending in any of the matters aforesaid (which shall be taken and deemed distinct and separate offences) shall, upon being convicted thereof before the said commissioners, by the oath, qr affirmation being a quaker (which oath or

Action to be in the Name of the Clerk,

Who shall be re; rabursed hie Expences.

affirmation tucli commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) of one or more witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the party before the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, forfeit and pay for the first offence any sum not exceeding five pounds, for the second offence any sum not exceeding ten pounds, and for the third and every other offence any sum not exceeding ten pounds, over and besides making such satisfaction in money for the lamp or lamps to be broken, thrown down, displaced, taken away, extinguished, damaged, or spoiled, as such commissioners shall think reasonable and shall order to be paid; the said several penalties and satisfactions as aforesaid, to be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, before whom such conviction shall be had or made; or in case the person or persons so offending and convicted shall have no goods and chattels whereon the same can he levied, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain any time not exceeding one calendar month nor less than fourteen days, to be reckoned from the day of commitment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners from time to time, at any of the said meetings, to contract and agree with any person or persons for a sufficient number of lamps necessary to be fixed and set up in such part of the said parish, as the said dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull is not authorized or obliged as aforesaid to light, and for lamp irons, posts, and other materials necessary or convenient for fixing the same from time to time, and for furnishing and providing the same lamps with all requisites, and for lighting, supporting, amending and repairing the same; and also with any person or persons, to be and act as scavenger or scavengers within the said parish of Sculcoates, to sweep and cleanse the same, except as last aforesaid, in an effectual manner, when and as often, and at such times as the said commissioners shall from time to time appoint: and immediately after such sweeping take and carry away the dirt, dust, dung, ashes, and other filth thereby gathered and collected, according to the purport of this act; and also to contract and agree with any person or persons to make and furnish, and to repair and keep in order one or more water cart or water carts, engine or engines, proper for watering the said parish of Sculcoates, and also one or more fire engine or fire engines, together with a sufficient number of leathern buckets, and other matters and things relating thereto, as the said commissioners shall think proper, and to purchase, lease, or otherwise agree for a proper and convenient place or places for keeping the said water cart or water carts, fire engine or fire engines, and buckets and other things relating thereto, and also for depositing the dirt, dust, dung, ashes, and other filth, to be from time to time swept, gathered and collected as aforesaid, until the same shall be fit for sale; and the said commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to sell and dispose of, by auction or private contract, all such dirt, dust, dung, ashes and filth, so to be swept, gathered, collected, and deposited as aforesaid, and to apply the money arising therefrom to the purposes in this act mentioned, or such of them as they shall think proper; and no person or persons shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any dirt, dust, dung, ashes or other filth whatsoever in or upon any street, square, lane, or other public passage or place in the said parish of Sculcoates, or any of the rivers, brooks, or watercourses within the same parish (except the dirt, dust, dung, ashes and filth to be collected together by the scavengers to be employed by virtue of this act as aforesaid, and except as hereinafter is mentioned) upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence any sum not exceeding five shillings, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of as hereinafter is directed, but shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective houses or yards, until the scavenger, or other officer thereto appointed, shall come by or near their houses or doors with a cart or carts, or other conveyances, to carry away the same, upon pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding five shillings for every such offence; and that the scavenger or scavengers, or other person or persons employed, or contracting for

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Commissioner* mjy Contract for Lamp*.

For Water Carts, for Fire Engines, and other Necessaries.

And sell the Mnnure from the Streets.

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

L*t mentioned Penalty not to extend to Rubbish occasioned by building or repairing House *, fee.

Lamps, Uc. vested in Commissioner*.

cleansing the said parish of Sculcoates, shall twice in every week or oftener, if the said commissioners shall so direct, and on such days and times as the said commissioners shall appoint, bring or cause to be brought a cart or carts, or other conveyances, into all the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places within the said parish of Sculcoates, where such cart or carts, or other conveniences can pass, and shall, at or before their approach, by sound of bell, loud voice, or otherwise, give notice to the inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like notice in every court, passage, or place into which the said cart or carts, or other conveniences cannot pass, and abide and stay there a convenient time, so that the inhabitants or persons concerned respectively may bring forth their dirt, dust, dung, ashes, and other filth (except filth from any privy or necessary house) to the doors of their respective houses and premises, and there deliver the same to the scavenger or other person or persons aforesaid, or then immediately take and put the same into such cart or carriage, all which dirt, dust, dung, ashes, and other filth (except as aforesaid) as well as all such dirt, dust, dung, ashes, and other filth as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid, the said scavenger or other officer appointed for that purpose, shall immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away or cause to be carried away to the place or places appointed for depositing the same as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding twenty shillings for every such offence or neglect, and every person acting as such scavenger for the time being, shall cause the words " Scavenger's Cart" to be painted in large roman letters on the front or other conspicuous place of their carts or carriages used for the purposes aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding twenty shillings for any such neglect therein; and no person or persons whomsoever shall take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, any dirt, dust, dung, ashes, or other filth so to be swept up, gathered, and collected as aforesaid, besides such scavenger or other officer to be appointed by the said commissioners for that purpose as aforesaid (except and unless the same shall be taken or carried away by the person or persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, either for bis, her, or their own use, or by his, her, or their order or directions) before the time that such scavenger or other officer as aforesaid shall come to carry away the same, and no inhabitant of the said parish, or any other person, shall permit or suffer any dirt, dust, dung, ashes, or other filth by them or any of them brought out, in order to be loaded and carried away for their own use only, to continue or remain any longer time than from tun-rising to sun-setting before the same shall be carried away, on pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding five shillings for every such offence.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be subject to the last-mentioned penalty for any rubbish or dirt occasioned by the building or pulling down of any building or by the rebuilding or repairing any house or other building, so as there be convenient space left in the street, lane, or passage where such rubbish or dirt shall lie, for carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient way kept dean for foot passengers, by the person or persons laying or occasioning such rubbish or dirt to be laid, nor for the making up lime into mortar in any of the said streets, squares, lanes, public passages or places, so as such space be left for foot passengers and carriages, and so as such lime be inclosed before such house or building about which the same is to be used, and so as the owner or owners of such house or building before which such lime or rubbish shall lie, shall cause the same to be removed at his, her, or their own costs and charges, within a reasonable time, or upon notice in writing for that purpose being given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their said house or building where such rubbish or lime shall be, to be signed by the said commissioners or their clerk.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the property in the lamps, lamp posts, lamp irons, and materials which shall be fixed up by virtue of this act, and in the said engines, buckets, water carts, materials, implements, and other things belonging thereto, and in all the tools and implements of the watchmen, scavengers, firemen, and other persons employed by the authority of this act, which shall be purchased, provided, or gotten by virtue of this act, and in all the dirt, dust, dung, ashes, and other filth to be swept, gathered, and collected as aforesaid (except as to such part there-

C Was VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. Pavements. 207

of as shall be taken or carried away before the time that the scavenger or other officer shall come to carry away the same, and except such dirt, dust, dung, ashes and other filth as shall be brought out by the respective inhabitants of the said parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, for the purpose of leading and carrying away the same for their own use as hereinbefore mentioned) shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said commissioners, and such commissioners shall be one body politic and corporate, by the name of The commissioners for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching ', and regulating the parish of Sculcoates," and by that name shall have perpetual succession, and by that name shall and may bring or cause to be brought any action or actions, or prefer, or order and direct the preferring any bill or bills of indictment, as the case shall be or require, against any person or persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the same, or any part thereof, or disturb them in the possession thereof, or break or not perform any contract relating thereto, and in such action or actions, bill or bills of indictment, the thing or things stolen taken, carried away, detained, spoiled, injured, or destroyed, shall belaid generally to be the property of the commissioners for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the parish of Sculcoates, and in all actions upon such breach or non-performance of contract, the same shall be laid to be the damage and injury of the commissioners for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the parish of Sculcoates.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the more expeditious extinguishing fires that may happen in the said parish of Sculcoates, any of the said firemen, or any other person or persons, by order of any one or more of the said commissioners or their clerk, present at every fire, shall or may take up or break any of the pavements within the said parish, or any water pipe or water pipes laid or to be laid therein; and the said commissioners shall and may, from time to time, order and appoint such and so many plugs, called fire plugs, to be put and placed into the main or other pipes, to be laid along any part or parts of the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places in the said parish, and belonging to any person or persons, proprietor or proprietors whatsoever, for the better obtaining water for the working of the fire engine or engines, or otherwise extinguishing of such fires, but for no other use or purpose whatsoever; and that such pavements so to be taken up, and such pipes so to be broken, shall be repaired and made good by the said commissioners, out of the rates and monies to be raised as hereinafter mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby directed to cause the works to be done in pursuance of any such contract or contracts, to be inspected by their surveyor or surveyors, or by such other person or persons as they shall from time to time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true intent and meaning of such contract or contracts, or shall not be finished or completed at or within the time or times to be by sueb contract or contracts limited for completing the same, the said commissioners shall and may bring any action in any of his courts of record at Westminster, against any persons so contracting and neglecting to perform such contract or contracts, for any penalty or damage which shall be contained in such contract, or for any damage (offered or sustained on account of the non-performance thereof, and upon proving the signing of the said contract or contracts, and non-performance thereof the said commissioners shall be entitled to, and shall recover such penalty or damage, with full costs of suit; which penalty and damages, when recovered, shall be applied for the purposes of this act.

XXII. And, in order that the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places already made or built, as well as such as are now making or building, and may be hereafter made or built within the said parish of 8culcoates, may be properly flagged, paved, and cleansed, and that all annoyances, obstructions, nuisances, and encroachments therein may be removed, and the present and future drains, sinks, gutters, and watercourses, for conveying the water and filth out of the said streets, squares, lanes, public passages and places, into the common sewers or drains, may be amended, repaired, cleansed, altered, and scoured, and new

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Commissioners s Corporation.

Pavements, See. may be broken when Fires happen.

Fire Plug* to be put into the Water Pipe*,

And are to be

made good by tb« Commissioners.

Surveyors to inspect the Work*.

Streets, kc to be properly paved,

208 Improvement of Sculcoates. Pavements. [Part III *

41 Geo. III. ones (if necessary) be made, in such manner as the said commissioners shall 3Q think proper; Be it further enacted, That every owner or occupier (such

occupier to be reimbursed by the owner) of a house or houses, or other building- or buildings, ground or land within the said parish of Sculcoates, Inhabitant* chall from time to time» at b>s and their own proper expence, within

flat: ami pave twenty-eight days next after a day to be expressed in a notice given for that before their purpose by the said commissioners, or their surveyor or surveyors for the

llouw*. time being (such notice beiDg delivered or given at least ten days before

the day to be therein expressed) set out and make, or cause to be set out and made, with good flag stones, a road or way for foot passengers, six feet of assize in breadth at the least of such street, square, lane, public passage or place, as shall be in the front of such house or houses, building or buildings, ground or land, and also behind and at the side of such his or their house or houses, building or buildings, ground or land, as shall adjoin such street, square, way, lane, passage, or public place; and also shall pave or cause to be paved with paving or cobble stones, as much of the carriage way of the said street, square, lane, way, and public passages and places, from the curb stone of such last mentioned flagged or footpath way into the middle, or if the case shall require to the extremity in breadth of such street, square, lane, public passage or place and in length from the due extreme and party wall or boundary of such house or houses, building or buildings, ground or land, to the other extreme end, party wall, or boundary thereof, and shall» from time to time and at all times afterwards, at his or their own proper expence, and on a like notice being given to him or her as aforesaid, repair, amend, raise, lower, alter, or place, or cause to be replaced, amended, raised, lowered, altered, or placed the flagging and pavement of the same part of such footways and carriage ways, and the gratings or openings iu and over the same, with such materials, drains, gutters, sinks, or watercourses, for the purposes herein before mentioned, except such streets as by virtue of this act shall become public highways, and with such new or other grates or gratings on, from, or out of such footways or carriage ways, over or into such drains, gutters, sinks, or watercourses, and in such manner as shall be directed or required by the said commissioners, and shall be particularly expressed in such notice or notices, or by reference to any flagging or pavement, drain, gutter, sink, watercourse, grate or grating then done and approved of by the said commissioners, and in default thereof it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause to be paved, repaired, amended, raised, lowered, altered, made, or placed accordingly; and in case any such owner or occupier shall cause any such flagging or pavement, drains, gutters, sinks, or watercourses, grates or gratings to be done, repaired, amended, lowered, altered, made, or placed otherwise than according to the direction, requisition, or manner, for that purpose expressed in such notice or notices,

. then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such pavement, drains, gutters, sinks, watercourses, grates, or grating (as the case may be) to be taken up and relaid, made, or placed agreeably to such direction, requisition, or manner, or in such other manner as the said commissioners shall think proper or direct; and the charges and expencei attending or relating to the taking up, underlaying, making, or placing the same as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed to such commissioners by such owner or occupier making default as aforesaid, or causing the several matters and things aforesaid to be done contrary to such direction, requisition, or manner as aforesaid, and such charges and expences respectively, shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such owner or occupier, in like manner as the rates hereinafter directed or required to be raised and levied, are directed to be recovered, the overplus (if any) of the monies to arise thereby, after deducting such charges and expences as aforesaid, and also the costs and expences attending such distress and sale, being returned to such owner or occupier on demand.

Power to take in XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the new streets and new streets and ways which are already laid out and made, or which shall hereafter be laid He ^Highway^11*" out and made , n the ^id parish of Sculcoates as aforesaid (such streets y being thoroughfares) shall be well and sufficiently flagged and paved with such good and substantial sea cobbles, in the like manner as that part of the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, called Wincolmlee, is now paved with, and put in good order and repair to the satisfaction of the said commis-

209

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. Sewers.

stonera; and on application of the owner or owners of the soil, or of the owner or owners of the adjoining houses of such streets, or a majority of them, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby emjxjwered, from time to time, to declare the same to be public highways, and by writing under their hands, directed to the surveyor of the highways of the said parish of Sculcoates, where such new streets or ways are or shall be so laid out and made, as the case may be, to order such surveyor to repair and keep in good condition all such new streets and ways, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as the other highways in the said parish are respectively paved, flagged and repaired, and kept in order, under the laws now in being, concerning highways in general, and from and after such declaration made, and order to the surveyor for the flagging, repairing, and keeping in good condition such new streets and ways as aforesaid, the same and every of them shall be deemed and taken to be public highways to all intents and purposes, and repaired and kept in repair by the inhabitants of the said parish of Sculcoates, where such highways shall lie, and in all respects be subject to the laws now in being concerning highways in general, and shall be paved, flagged, and cleansed, and be in all respects managed and governed as the other parts of the said parish are by this act directed to be managed and governed: provided always, that the said commissioners shall not, by any thing herein contained, be empowered to accept any streets hereafter to be built upon (except in the case of such streets as are now laid out and actually built upon) unless the front streets be forty feet in width, including the flagging on each side, which flagging shall not be less than six feet wide, and the back street thirty feet wide, including the flagging on each side, which flagging shall not be less than five feet wide, with sufficient upper and under drains, and water grates.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners may cause such and so many uew sewers, drains and vaults, as they may think sufficient and necessary to be dug and made, in, along, or across any of the streets, squares, lanes, public passages and places, and along or across any yards within the said parish of Sculcoates, and also any of the sewers and public draius and vaults which now are or hereafter shall be within the said parish, to be enlarged, widened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as to them the said commissioners shall seem meet, and for any of the said purposes shall from time to time cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the said streets, squares, lanes, public passages and places, or any of them, such gravel, stonesi bricks, and other materials as they shall judge necessary, and also shall and may cause such and so many grates or openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off the filth, foul and other water from the houses built or to be built adjoining to such streets, squares, lanes, public passages or places in the said parish of Sculcoates, into the said sewers, public drains and vaults, as the said commissioners shall and may think necessary and expedient for that purpose, and the said commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized to purchase such ground as shall be necessary for making or enlarging such public drains and sewers, and the said commissioners are hereby empowered to charge the several owuers of such houses or buildings as now are or hereafter shall be built adjoining to and making use of such common sewer or sewers, with the payment of all such sum or sums of money as shall be by them the said commissioners paid, laid out, and expended in and about the making, enlarging, widening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, or scouring of such public drains or sewers, and on refusal or non-payment of such charges and expences to the treasurer for the time being to the said commissioners, then upon fourteen days notice in writing being given to such owners or other persons as aforesaid, or left at their, his, or her last or usual place of abode by their said clerk, such charges and expences shall and may he recovered in such manner as the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted, are hereby directed to be recovered.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this act shall authorize or empower the said commissioners to accept, alter, change, divert, or in any respect interfere with the public highways or streets, drains or sewers made or to be made in the said parish of Sculcoates by the dock company of Kingston-upon-Hull.

Dd

41 Geo. m. c. 30.

Sewers, Ice. to be made by Commissioners.

Commi«sioi, ers »i«>t U» interfere w tli Doc k Com-p-oiyS Dftins,

i:c.

210

Improvement of Sculcoates. Watchmen [Part HI.

41 Geo. 111. XXVI. And whereas there are at present several streets, lanes, courts.

and passages in the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, that are not public high-ways, nor repaired by the public highway act, ami the proprietors of the adjoining premises may refuse to comply with the requisition of this act,

rommi^ioner* an^ which, by reason of the narrowness and bad state of repairs of such p.»wtr io repair, streets, lanes, courts, and passages, are nuisances and offences to the iu-ckmiMe, *u\ habitants of the said parish, and may contribute much to produce contagious

Lauc *, Shttis, diseases; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said commissioners shall

be, and they are hereby empowered, on default or refusal of the proprietor or proprietors of the premises adjoining such streets, lanes, courts, and passages, as well those already built, whether the same pay poor or other rates or not, as those which hereafter may be built, to repair, cleanse, scour and drain such streets, lanes, courts and passages, and charge the several proprietors with the expence thereof, and on their refusal to pay or reimburse the said commissioners all such charges and expences which shall or may be occasioned thereby, the same to be recovered in like manner as the assessments or rates under and by virtue of the act passed for repairing public highways.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at their first or some subsequent meeting or meetings to be held as aforesaid, to divide the said parish of Sculcoates into such and so many divisions or districts as to them shall seem proper, and to apportion the number of watchmen to be employed in each district as to them shall seem proper, and to appoint what wages, salaries, gratuities, rewards, or payments shall be paid, given, and made to all such watchmen for their several attendances and services, and to alter the wages of such watchmen from time to time as shall be found expedient, and from time to time to alter such divisions or districts, and number of watchmen, as shall be found most convenient for the purpose of uppointipg and regulating the watch as hereinafter is mentioned; and the said commissioners shall, immediately after making such division, publish in the Hull newspapers an account thereof, stating what streets, squares, lanes, public passages or places, are comprized in each district, and shall also at the same time appoint a meeting for each district of the commissioners resident in such respective districts, and give notice in the said newspapers of the time and place of each such meeting, which shall not be less than seven days, nor more than fourteen days after such notice in the said newspapers; and the commissioners resident in each district respectively. shall and are hereby required to meet at the time and place so to be appointed, and to act in the appointing and regulating the watch in their respective districts as hereinafter is mentioned, and afterwards from time to time to meet on the first Wednesday in every month, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, at the same place, or at such other hour, and at such other place as they shall at such monthly meetings appoint, and also to adjourn such monthly meetings as they shall think fit; and at all such meetings every question shall be determined by a majority of the commissioners present: provided always, that no order shall be made or any business transacted at any such meeting, unless three commissioners resident in such district at least be present; and at such first and other meetings in each district, the commissioners resident in such district, and present at such meeting or meetings, shall appoint, by writing under their hands, such able bodied men to be employed as watchmen in the night time, to attend from time to time, and at all such times and places within the respective districts for which they shall respectively be appointed, and to perform such duty as the said commissioners of such respective districts, or any three or more of them, shall order, direct and appoint; provided, that in each such district they do not exceed the number directed or appointed to be apportioned for each such district by the general commissioners; and the said commissioners resident in each respective district, or any three or more of them, at any meeting for such district as aforesaid, shall and may remove all or any of such watchmen for such district from time to time as they shall see cause, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or be incapable of performing their duty, and shall and may make such orders and regulations, and give

211

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates.

such directions for the stationing and regulating the said watchmen, as they, or any three or more of them, shall from time to time think proper; and the general commissioners shall, by and out of the money to be raised in pursuance of this act, erect, hire, or otherwise provide proper watch houses, watch boxes, or places for the reception of the said watchmen, and proper coats, lanthorns, materials, and things suitable for their respective offices, and proper and convenient rooms, or other places of security wherein to lodge offenders until taken before a magistrate for examination; and all and every the said watchmen shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to use his and their best endeavours to prevent mischief by fire, and also to prevent murders, burglaries and robberies, and other felonies and misdemeanors, and to secure and apprehend all night walkers, malefactors, and all disorderly and suspected persons, and to detain and safely keep every such person in any of such watch houses or places to be provided as aforesaid, or in some or one of the lock-up rooms to be erected in pursuance of this act, until he, she, or they can be taken (which shall be done as soon as conveniently may be) before some justice of the peace for the said riding, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any victualler, publican, or other person selling spirituous or other liquors, shall entertain or harbour in his, her, or their house, habitation, or shop, any watchman to be appointed under this act, during any of the hours or times appointed for such watchman to be on duty in virtue or in pursuance of this act, then every such victualler, publican, or other person, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings for the first offence, and not exceeding forty shillings for the second offence, and not exceeding five pounds for the third and every other offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to constitute, ordain, and provide, from time to time, such by-laws, rules, and orders, as they shall think fit for licensing and authorizing a sufficient number of hackney coaches, sedan chairs, porters, porters carts, coal carriers, coal carts, water carriers, trucks, water carts, and all other carts and carriages to be let or plying for hire within the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, and for regulating and ordering such hackney coaches and sedan chairs, porters, porters carts, coal carriers, coal carts, trucks, water carts, and all other carts and carriages to be let or plying for hire as aforesaid, and in what manner the same shall be provided, and what number of persons may be carried and conveyed in each of such coaches, and touching and concerning the letters, messages, goods, parcels, and things to be carried and conveyed by such porters, or any of them, and touching and concerning the quality and measure of coals to be carried and con* veyed by such coal carriers, and for preventing frauds in the sale of coals and water; and for ascertaining, and fixing, altering, and removing their stands from time to time, and for trying, adjusting, and punishing the misconduct and misbehaviour of hackney coachmen and chairmen, porters, coal carriers, carmen, truckmen, or labourers, plying for hire within the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid; and for ascertaining what rates, fares and prices, as well for time as distance, shall he taken by such hackney coachmen, chairmen, and porters; and also for ascertaining what rates, fares, and prices shall be taken by the said coal carriers for the carriage of their coals, and water carriers for their water, and to what distance such hackney coachmen, chairmen, porters, coal carriers, truckmen, and water carriers, shall be obliged to drive, carry, go and come, in, through, and round the said parish, not exceeding for such coachmen and chairmen two miles, and not exceeding for such porters three miles, not exceeding for such coal carriers three miles, and not exceeding for such truckmen and water carriers two miles, and their rates, fares, and prices to be taken for the same; and also that the said commissioners shall and may, and they aie hereby authorized and empowered from time to time p> make such other by-laws, rules, and orders as to them shall seem necessary and expedient for carrying this act into execution (such by-laws, rules, and orders not being repugnant to any law or statute of this realm, or any thing herein contained; ) and the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at any meeting to be held as aforesaid, may from time to time, as they shall think fit, repeal, alter, or amend such by-laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them; and

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Penalty on Publican* harbouring Watchmen

during their

H'-ura of Duty.

Order* and Itv. I.«w« for Hackney C<».rlie *, Chair-men, (oal Carrier *, Water Carrier *, &c.

212

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Improvement of Sculcoates. Nuisances.

[Purl ill.

Persona not to be prerented from employing their own Servants,

&c. as Porters, See.

Owners of Hackney Coaches, Ac. to attix their Numbers, Stc. and leave Notice of their Places of Abode.

Direction touching Bog Houses.

Names of the Streets to be set of, and Houses numbered.

shall ascertain and set down what pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be incurred by persons breaking the same, or any of them; provided that no such penalty or forfeiture shall exceed the sum of twenty shillings for the first offence, nor the sum of forty shillings for every subsequent offence: provided always, That all such by-laws, rules, and orders so made by the said commissioners, shall be reduced into writing and laid before the said justices assembled at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for the said East Riding of the said county of York, and if approved of by them, but not otherwise, shall be binding and conclusive, and shall be inserted in some newspaper or newspapers printed or circulated in the said parish.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any person from employing occasionally his or her own servant, or the servant or servants of any other person or persons, or any labourer or person who does not follow the business of a driver of a licensed coach, or the business of a carrier, chairman, porter, or labourer, in or about the matters or things hereinbefore directed to be carried or done by any such licensed porter or labourer; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That within seven days next after the owner or owners of any hackney coach or sedan chair, and also after every such porter, coal carrier, and water carrier, and truckman shall be licensed, every such owner or owners of such hackney coach, sedan chair, porters cart.Voal cart, or water cart, shall affix and keep such figure or number as shall be respectively appointed by the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at any meeting as aforesaid, on some conspicuous part of such coach, sedan chair, porter's cart, coal cart, truck, or water cart respectively, and shall leave at the office of the clerk of the said commissioners for the time being, a true account in writing of his, her, or their place or places of abode, with the figure or number of each coach, sedan chair, porter's cart, coal cart, truck, or water cart, and so from time to time every such licensed owner or owners of such hackney coach, sedan chair, porter's cart, coal cart, truck, or water cart, shall within seven days after his, her, or their place or places of abode shall be changed, give the like account at the said office, upon pain that every such owner or owners of every such hackney coach, sedan chair, porter's cart, coal cart, truck, or water cart, shall, for every refusal or neglect so to do, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no necessary house or privy in the said parish, shall, from the twenty-second day of September to the twenty-second day of March in every year, be emptied or cleansed at any other time than between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening and eight in the morning, and from the twenty-second day of March to the twenty-second day of September in every year, at any other time than between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening and seven in the morning; and if any person or persons shall empty any such necessary house or privy at any other time (except in cases where the same shall be mixed with ashes or other manure, for the purpose of being immediately carted and carried away for the use of the owners thereof) or shall wilfully or negligently spill or drop any of the soil of any necessary house or privy in any of the streets, squares, lanes, alleys, passages, and public places within the said parish of Sculcoates, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay auy sum not exceeding twenty shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, at any of their meetings shall and may, and are hereby required to order and cause to be placed on some conspicuous part of some house or building at or near each end, corner, or entrance of the several streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages already or hereafter to be erected or made within the said parish of Sculcoates, the name by which every street, passage or places is usually, or shall be called or known; and also shall and may cause every house, shop, warehouse, or building in the same to be marked and numbered in such manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such inscription or number, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the

Class VIJ Improvement of Sculcoates. Nuisances. 213

one to be done, every such person or persons so offending1 shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, upon any of the present or any future pavements of the streets, squares, lanes, or public passages and places, now or hereafter to be made or built within the said parish of Sculcoates, and raised above the carriage way, and used as and for a footway only (except in any court or place which shall be appointed as a stand for sedan chairs, or where there is not nor shall be any carriage way) carry any sedan chair, not having a person therein, or shall carry upon such pavements any lighted flambeau, link, or torch, otheT than for the purpose of lighting any sedan chair, or for the purpose of lighting the public lamps within the same parish of Sculcoates, or shall ran, draw, drive, or carry thereon any truck, wheel, sledge, wheelbarrow, bier, handbarrow, or carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any cask other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, in, upon, from, or out of any carriage, or shall thereon wilfully ride, lead, or drive any cattle of any kind, or any beast, whether loaded with coal, vegetables, or other goods or wares for sale, or shall in any of such streets or places aforesaid, burn, dress, or cleanse any cork, or shall hoop, fire, cleanse, wash, or scald any cask, or empty any of the contents of any cask thereon, or set any cask, tub, pail, backet, or any other matter or thing on, or so as in any manner to cause any obstruction or impediment in the footway, or wash any linen, vegetables, or other things at any of the public pumps or conduits therein, or shall hew, saw, or cut any stone, wood, or timber, or bore any timber (except for the purpose of rebuilding, altering, or repairing any house or building in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, or for any of the purposes of this act required or authorized to be done, in which cases the same shall, if the commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in manner hereinafter mentioned) or shall make or repair any coach, wag-goo, sledge, or other carriage in any of such streets, squares, lanes, public passages or places (except such carriages as may want immediate repair from any sudden accident on the spot, or which cannot conveniently be removed for that purpose, or shall shoe, bleed, except in case of accidents, or torn loose any horse, ass, or other beast therein; or if the driver of any waggon, cart, sledge, or other carriage, shall, in any part of the said parish ride oo the shafts, or in or on any part of any such waggon, cart, sledge, or other carriage, without reins, or on any of the horses or cattle drawing the same; or if any person or persons having the care thereof, or driving the same, (not being a cart or caravan, driven by a person with reins and sitting therein) shall suffer any horse or cattle drawing the same to go any pace foster than a walk, or shall bait, drive, or worry any bull or bear, or other animal, with dogs or otherwise; or if any person shall drive any cattle, or ride or drive any horse or other beast within such part of the said parish, so furiously as thereby to cause a personal danger to any one whomsoever; or shall in any of the said streets or places shew or expose any stallion or stonehorse, or shall expose to sale any horse or other beast, or shall ride, drive, or lead the same in any carriage or otherwise by way of exercise, or for the purpose of breaking them in, or shall play at any game or games of football or fives, or any other games troublesome to the inhabitants, or make any bonfire, or let off any musket or pistol, or fire any crackers, squibs, or other fireworks, or shall suffer his, her, or their ferocious dog or bitch to go unmuzzled in any of such streets or places, after notice given by any person whomsoever to the owner thereof, or any of his or her servants to confine the same; or if any person shall sift, throw, cast, or lay any ashes (except in the time of frost only, and to prevent accidents) ox any dust, muck, dung, soil, filth, rubbish, refuse of garden stuff, blood, offal, carrion, or any other offensive matter or thing, in any of the present or future streets or places within the said parish, or shall bang up, place, or expose to sale any goods, wares, or merchandize whatsoever, or any fruit, vegetables, or garden stuff, butchers meat, or other matter or thing, on or projecting over the foot or carriage way of such streets or places, or so as to obstruct or incommode the passage of any person or carriage therein, or shall commit any other kind of obstruction or annoyance in any part of aay such streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places aforesaid, the same shall respectively be considered as an offjence or offences against this act;

41 Geo. UL c. 30.

Certain Acta not to be committed in the Streets.

214 Improvement of Sculcoates. Nuisances. [Part 11!.

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Bea«ts wandering; i»i »he Street* may be ini* pounded.

I

Nuimnces to be removed.

The Streets to be watered.

Drains not to branch into public Sewers.

or if any person or persons shall kill or slaughter, or shall singe, scald, dress, or cat up any animal, either wholly or in part, in any of such streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places within the said parish, or cause or permit any blood to run from any slaughter house, butcher's shop, or shambles, into the same or any of them, every person so offending in any of the matters aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding forty shillings. %

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any horse, beast, or other animal shall at any time be found wandering about any of the streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places, now made or hereafter to be made or built within the said parish of Sculcoates, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers, to be appointed by the said commissioners, and for any of the inhabitants of the same parish, by and with the consent and approbation in writing under the hand or hands of the lord or lords, lady or ladies of the manor of Sculcoates aforesaid, to seize and impound such beast, wine, or other animal, in the common pound of the said parish, or in such other place as the said commissioners shall appoint, and the same there to detain until the owner or owners thereof shall, for each beast or other animal impounded, pay a sum of money not exceeding twenty shillings to the treasurer for the time being to the commissioners, towards the purposes of this act, and also the sum of one shilling to the person impounding the same, besides the reasonable charges and expences of impounding and keeping the same; and in case the said sums, charges, and expences, shall not be paid within seven days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for the pound keeper, or such other person as shall be appointed by the said commissioners for that purpose, giving seven days previous notice of the intended sale to the owner or owners of such horse or other beast, or if the owner thereof cannot be found within three days after advertising the sat.ie in manner aforesaid, to sell or cause the same to be sold, and the money arising from such sale, after deducting the said sums and the charges and expences aforesaid, and of such notice and sale, shall be paid to the said treasurer, to be by him paid to the person whose property the beast or otb^* animal so sold shall appear to have been.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any slaughter house, hog-stye, necessary house, or other noisome or offensive building or matter whatsoever, within or adjoining any of the streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places which shall or may hereafter be made ot built within uch part of the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, as shall be watched, lighted, and cleansed in pursuance of this act, and also such parts thereof as are lighted by the dock company of Kingston-upon-Hull, and shall be offensive to any of the inhabitants thereof, or persons residing therein, the same shall be deemed a nuisance and an offence against this act; and it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners, upon complaint thereof to them made by any such inhabitant, or other person or persons, under the hands of the commissioners, or under the hands of their clerk for the time being, to order any such nuisance or offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within fourteen days after such notice given to the person or persons who ought to remove the same, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten shillings daily, for every day that the same shall continue unremoved after the expiration of the time mentioned in such notice.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall have full power and authority to cause the said streets, squares, lanes, and public passages or places to be watered as often as they shall think fit, and also to cause any well or wells to be dug and sunk, and any pump or pumps to be erected in such places as they shall think proper, within the said parish, for the purpose of watering the said streets or places, or for any other purpose, and to cause the same to be removed or altered, and the expences thereof to be defrayed out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall, without the leave or licence of the said commissioners, make or branch any drain or drains into any of the said public sewers, drains, or vaults, made or to be made by virtue of this act, upon pain that every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates, Nuisances.

215

pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name of the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being, in which action or suit no protection, essoign, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all private drains which now are, or by permission of the said commissioners shall hereafter be made within any of the public streets, squares, lanes, and public passages or places within the said parish of Sculcoates, and which do or shall issue into any of the public sewers, drains, or vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed under the inspection and direction of the surveyor or other proper officer of the said commissioners, at the costs and charges of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the lands or tenements to which the said private drains do or shall respectively belong.

XL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the commencement of this act, the water at the tops or roofs of all houses and other buildings now or hereafter to be made or built within the said parish, shall be conveyed by pipes to be tixed to the fronts or sides thereof respectively, into the common channel or drain, within three calendar months after a day to be expressed in a notice in writing under the hands of the said commissioners, or their clerk for the time being, to be for that purpose given to or left with the owners or occupiers of such houses or buildings; and that all penthouses, bow windows, shutters, signs, sign posts, shew boards, spouts, pales, rails, grates, steps, projections, or other matters or things whatsoever, as in the judgment of the commissioners shall be inconvenient to or incommode passengers upon any of the present or future footways or carriage ways of such streets, or places, shall, within fourteen days after a day to be expressed in a like notice to be for that purpose given to or left with the owner or occupier of the houses or other buildings, or laud to whom such matters and things aforesaid, or any of them, shall respectively belong, be taken down, tilled up, removed, or altered, by or at the expence of the owner or owners thereof under the inspection and direction of the surveyor or other proper officer of the said commissioners; and in case the respective owners shall neglect or refuse to obey such notices, and to observe and perform the several matters and things hereby respectively required to be done, within the time aforesaid, then such owner shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten shillings for every week the same shall so remain undone; and then also it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to cause the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, and fixed in the manner and for the purposes aforesaid, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective owners thereof, or to be left on the spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such owners, so much of such matters and things as aforesaid, as shall not be affixed or set up, or otherwise made use of in the alterations directed by this act; and the charges and expences attending the same, shall be recovered of the owners thereof respectively, in the same manner as the penalties or forfeitures inflicted by this act, are hereby directed to be recovered on non-payment; and if such owners shall cause such matters and things to be placed, erected, built, or made contrary to the directions of this act, every such owner for every week he shall so offend shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the commissioners as aforesaid, to order the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, or altered, in such manner as they shall think proper, without giving any notice to the owner or other person offending therein, and the charges and expences attending the same, shall or may be recovered of the person or persons so offending, in the same manner as is last hereinbefore directed; provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to projections made or to be made in the nature of bow windows, for the convenience of trade in any of the present streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places in the said parish of Sculcoates, in case such projections do not advance beyond the areas of the respective houses or footways, or in case there shall be no area, do not advance more than nine inches beyond the front wall of the premises to which such projections adjoin; Provided always, that in case such occupier or occupiers shall be required to make such alterations, matters, and things aforesaid, then it

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Private Drains to be cleansed.

Penthouses, Signs, and other Things projecting into the Street, or which are iucouvcnieiit, to be removed.

L.

21fl

41 Geo. HI. c. 30.

Pfrwns having greater Estate tiiau Tweoty-one Years deemed Owners for the Purpose of paying Ex pence* of Reparations.

The Ground of Houses taken down or building. and of Houses taking down to be inclosed.

Improvement of Scv/eoates. Nuisances.

[Pan 111.

Penalty on Persons neglecting or refusing to make such Fence.

Lights to be fixed for preventing Accidents.

shall be lawful for him or them to deduct or retain the costs, charges, and expences of doing thereof out of his, her, or their next rent, and such landlord or landlords is and are hereby required to allow the same accordingly.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all case* where any such alterations as aforesaid shall be made to any house or building wherein any person or persons shall have any greater estate, term, or interest than for twenty-one years, such person or persons shall be and be deemed the owner or owners of such house or building for the purpose of such alterations being made as aforesaid; anything herein or any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the ground or place whereon any house or houses, wall or building within the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, formerly or lately stood, and which is or are now, or at any time hereafter shall be wholly or in part taken down, and every house, wall, or building now making or building within the said parish, shall, by the owners or occupiers of such ground, place, house, or building, immediately after the passing of this act, be fenced and inclosed, and that the ground on which any house or building shall hereafter be built or taken down, either wholly or in part, till the same shall be rebuilt, shall likewise be fenced and inclosed at the expence of such owners or occupiers respectively, in such manner as the commissioners shall think proper or necessary, in order to keep the footways and carriage ways before or behind, or belonging to the same, as open and free from impediment as the nature of the case will admit of, and effectually to guard and protect all persons passing by or near the same, or any part thereof, from danger or accident, from or in consequence of any hole, vault, area, timber, stones, materials, or things made, brought, placed, or used, in, about, or relating to such ground, place, house, or building, now made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, which shall be taken down either in the whole or in part, or which shall be altered or repaired, or added to, or begun to be altered or repaired, or added to, whereby or in consequence whereof the carriage way and footway before, behind, or belonging to such house, wall, or building, or either of the said ways, shall be in any manner obstructed or rendered dangerous to or unsafe for, or expose any person passing by or near such house, wall, or building, or any part thereof, to danger or accident at last mentioned, shall be in like manner fenced and inclosed by and at the expence of the respective owners or occupiers thereof; and the fences and inclosures to be made in respect of any house, wall or building, which aball or may hereafter be taken down, altered, repaired, or added to, shall be made before such house, wall, or building shall be begun to be altered, repaired, or added to; and all the fences and inclosures hereby directed to be made for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be continued standing and in good condition during such time as the commissioners shall order and direct; and if the owner of such ground, place, house, wall, or building as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to erect and set up any such fence or inclosure as aforesaid, or shall not continoe the same standing and in good condition as aforesaid, then and in either of the said cases every such owner shall, for every day such offence shall be continued, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings; and moreover, in case of such refusal or neglect, it shall be lawful for the commissioners to cause such ground, place, house, wall, or building to be well and sufficiently fenced in and inclosed as aforesaid, or the fence or indorare then erected and set up, to be well and sufficiently repaired, as the case shall require, and such fence or inclosure to be so continued standing as aforesaid; and the person or persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall, over and above the said penalty, pay all such charges and expences of making such fences and inclosures, or repairing the same, upon demand made by the commissioners or by their clerk, and upon refusal may, together with the costs attending the recovery, be recovered in such manner as the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted as hereinafter directed and authorized to be recovered.

XLI1J. And be it further enacted, That if at any time hereafter any stones, timber, mortar, rubbish, materials, or other things shall be laid or placed in, or any hole or opening shall be made in any of the streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places already made or built, or which

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. Public Hall.

shall hereafter be made or built within the said parish of Sculcoateq* for aoy purpose whatsoever not prohibited by or contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, the owner of such stones, materials, or other things, or person or persons causing such hole or opening as af resaid to be made, shall, at his, her, or their expence, cause a light to be fixed in or near the same respectively, for securing passengers and cattle from accidents, every night from sun-setting to sun-rising, during the time such stone or other materials, hole or opening shall remain; and also if the commissioners shall think proper and direct, shall, at his, her, or their own expence, cause such stones, materials, or other things, holes or openings, or either, as the case may be, to be fenced and inclosed in such manner as the commissioners shall think proper, and continue the same so fenced and inclosed until the atones, materials, or other things, or hole or opening, as the case may be, shall be removed, and in default shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings for every day or night such neglect or default shall be continued; and the commissioners, on such default being made, are hereby empowered to cause such light to be affixed, and to fence and inclose such stones, materials and things, and continue the same so fenced and inclosed, and charge such owners or other person or persons as aforesaid with the expences thereof respectively; and to recover such expences, on refusal to pay the same to the commissioners, and the expences attending such recovery, in the same manner as is mentioned in the case of fences and inclosures to be made on taking down or altering any house or building as hereinbefore is mentioned.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times obstruct, hinder, or molest any of the commissioners, or any surveyor or surveyors, watchmen, beadle, constable, or other officer or officers, workman, person, or persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed, by virtue of this act, in the performance or execution of their duty, or of any of the matters and things to be done in virtue or in pursuance hereof, every such person so offending shall, ou conviction before a magistrate as aforesaid, for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

XI.V. And whereas it would be a great accommodation to the inhabitants of the said parish of Sculcoates, if a proper house and office within the same parish were provided, where the commissioners might from time to time meet for the purpose of putting this act in execution, and for the transaction of their business, and where the books, papers, and writings belonging to the said commissioners may be always safely lodged and deposited, and the inhabitants and other persons interested may from time to time resort to iu order to inspect the same; and also if a proper house or place were provided .where the principal or chief constable or other peace officer might reside or repair, and be ready to answer on all public occasions; and also if a proper building were provided within the said parish, where all persons whom the watchmen, beadles, constables, or other officers appointed by the commissioners, are hereby authorized and required to apprehend as aforesaid, might be safely kept and detained during and until such time as the same persons can or may be taken before some one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, in and for the said East Riding of the said county of Y ork, in the manner and for the purposes hereinbefore mentioned, and where all such persons who may be committed, or ordered to stand committed by virtue of this act, for any offence by them done or suffered to be done contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, may be imprisoned during the limited time to be specified in any commitment or commitments of any offender or offenders, and where an engine or engiues for extinguishing of fire, and for depositing or keeping any water carts for watering the said streets and other public places, and for the depositing of the materials, tools, or implements belonging to the said commissioners or their officers, and also one or more piece or pieces of land lying within or near to the said parish of Sculcoates, where the dirt, dust, rubbish, ashes, soil, and filth of the streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places to be cleansed in virtue of this act, and the soil from necessary houses may, under or by the order, permission, and direction of the commissioners, be removed, carried, and laid; and also for making a common pound for the impounding of all horses, beasts, pigs, sheep, or other animals found wandering in any of tlje

t e

217

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Penalty on Per. tons interrupting or asMuliing 'Workmen.

Power to provide a proper Place for the chief or principal Constable.

218 Improvement of Sculcoaies. Public Hall. [Part 111.

streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places within the said parish of Sculcoates, or found trespassing in the lands or grounds of any of the owners or occupiers of land within the same parish; Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, by and out of the monies to be raised or received by virtue of this act, to purchase, hire, or contract for, or otherwise provide a proper house or houses, room or rooms, or a piece or pieces of laud or grouud for the purpose of building a house or houses, room or rooms, or such other proper and convenient place or places in such situation in the said parish of Sculcoates, for all or any of the several purposes first mentioned, and also a piece or pieces of land, either within or without the said parish, for the purpose of depositing such rubbish and filth as last mentioned, as they shall think proper, such house or houses, room or rooms, or place or places, piece or pieces of land, and from 'time to time to surrender, give up, sell, exchange, or dispose of the same either by public auction or private contract, and to purchase, hire, take, or provide any other house or houses, room or rooms, place or places, piece or pieces of land, to be used, employed, and enjoyed for the purposes hereinbefore mentioned concerning the same respectively, as and when, and as often as they shall think proper; and the commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to -take a conveyance, grant, or assignment of such house or houses, room or rooms, place or places, piece or pieces of land, to them the commissioners and their successors for the purposes aforesaid, and in like manner to make a conveyance thereof respectively, or such of them respectively as they may think proper, to sell or exchange or dispose of as aforesaid, and such purchased house or houses, room or rooms, place or places, piece or pieces of land, as well as those which shall be taken or bad in exchange as aforesaid, shall be vested in the commissioners for the time being and their successors, for the purposes of this act; and the commissioners are hereby authorized to apply any part of the monies so to be raised in pursuance of this act, in the furnishing, repairing, altering, or adding to the house or houses, room or rooms, place or places so to be purchased or taken, or had in exchange as aforesaid, or in building or erecting convenient or necessary buildings on the piece or pieces of land or ground, for any of the purposes aforesaid, and shall also thereout pay and keep down all ground, or quit or reserved rents due or payable in respect of such premises, and all fines or renewals of leases (if any); and the monies which shall arise from the sale or sales of such purchased premises, or any part thereof, or of such furniture and buildings as aforesaid, shall be applied as the other monies to be raised and levied, or received in pursuance of this act, are hereby directed to be applied, or such of them as the commissioners shall Lands to be think proper or convenient.

purchased. XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall have

power and authority to agree with the proprietors of and persona interested in any lands, tenements, buildings, erections, and hereditaments, which the said commissioners shall judge necessary or expedient to be cut, digged, pulled down, thrown up, carried away, damaged, or otherwise made use of for the purposes of this act, for the purchase of such lands, tenements, buildings, and hereditaments, or for the recompence to be made to such proprietors and persons interested, for the damage they may sustain, and also to settle and ascertain in what proportion the sum or sums so agreed shall be paid to the several persons interested in the premises; and it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, husbands, guardians, trustees, and officers in trust, committees, executors, and administrators, and all other trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons; and to and for all femes covert, who are or shall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every other person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, to contract for, sell, and convey, assign and surrender unto the said commissioners, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, any lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, for the purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said commissioners for any recompence to be made for the damage which may be done to any such lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, by the execution of any of the powers of this act; and all

219

Class VI.] Improvement of Public Hall.

such contracts and agreements, sales, conveyances, assignments, surrenders, and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, estate, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or uoder them, any law, statute, usage, custom, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: and all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, and all persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, shall do in the premises pursuant to this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter or form whatsoever; but if it shall happen that any such body politic, corporate, or collegiate, trustee or trustees, or other person or persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall, for the space of fourteen days after notice in writing, signed by the said commissioners, or any of them, and given to the principal officer or officers of such body politic, corporate, or collegiate, Ar to such trustee or trustees, or other person or persons re-ipectively, or left at his, her, or their respective place or places of abode, or ai the house of the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of such lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, neglect or Tefuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said commissioners, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the tenements they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, then and in every such case, any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said East Riding shall, and be is hereby empowered and required, from time to time, to issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, to the sheriff of the county of York, or if such sheriff shall be interested in the matter in question, then to one of the coroners of such county, commanding such sheriff or coroner to impannel, summon, and return twenty-four men, qualified according to the laws of this realm, to be returned for the trials of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, to appear before his Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall be assembled at the then next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said East Riding, in order that out of them a jury of twelve men may be drawn, and be sworn to enquire touching the matters in question; and in case a sufficient number of jurymen shall not appear at such time and place, the said sheriff or coroner shall return other honest and indifferent men, who can speedily be procured to attend that service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said jury to the number of twelve, and all parties concerned may have their lawful challenges, against any of the said jurymen; and the justices of the peace for the said East Riding, and each of them, is and are hereby empowered and required, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals or hand and seal, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all such persons as shall be thought necessary to be examined as witnesses touching the matters in question; and the said justices of the peace for the said East Riding, or any one of them, may, on the application of either party, order and authorize the said jury, or any six or more of them, to view the places or matters in question, which jury upon their oaths, to be administered by the said justices, or any one of them (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said justices, or any one of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain the sum and sums of money to be paid for the purchase of such lands, tenements, boil dings, or hereditaments, or the recompence to be made for the damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and to settle and ascertain in what proportions the sum or sums of money so assessed, shall be paid to the several persons interested in the premises; and the said justices so assembled as aforesaid (not being interested in the matter in question) shall give judgment for such purchase monies or recompence so to be assessed by such juries; which said verdict, and the judgment thereupon pronounced by the said justices, shall he binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes, against all parties, bodies politic, corporate, and collegiate, and all person* whomsoever: provided always, that such justices inav adjourn such appeal

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

In case the Proprietors of 1-unls thall uot Sgree to sell, the Commissioners lo iraue a Warrant to the Sheriff lo summon a Jury to xeltle the Daiu; iges,

220 Improvement of Sculcoates. Public Hall. [part III.

41 Geo. 111. c. 30.

Penalty on Sheriff; Coroner, Jury, or Witness neglecting hi* Duty.

Contract!, Verdicts, Judgments, fcc. to be lodged among the Records of the Court of Quarter Sessions.

How Costs of Verdicts shall be paid.

Upon Payment or the Value asMssed the Estate to be conveyed.

When a good Title cannot be made, or legal Conveyances executed.

to any other sessions of the peace for the said East Riding, and finally determine the same at any of the said sessions, and give costs to either party, as they shall adjndge to be reasonable.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any sheriff, under sheriff, or coroner, shall make default in the premises, every such person shall for every such offenee forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds; and if any person so summoned and returned as a juryman sk.ll not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give his verdict, or in any other manner wilfully neglect his doty, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or if any person so summoned to give evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be rworn, or to affirm or give evidence, every person so offending respectively, having no reasonable excuse, to be allowed by the said justices, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay such sums of money as the said justices, or the major part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall appoint.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the agreements, contracts, sales and conveyances, and also all verdicts and judgments which shall be made and given in relation to any such lands, tenements, buildings or hereditaments as aforesaid (such verdicts and judgments being signed by any one of the justices of the peace, or by the clerk of the peace, or by the deputy clerk of the peace, who shall be present at the taking of such inquest) shall be copied into the book or books of the said commissioners, and be lodged for safe custody among the records of the court of quarter sessions, with the clerk of the peace for the said East Riding, or his deputy, who shall give to the said commissioners a receipt for the same when they shall be so lodged, which receipt shall be preserved by the said clerk to the said commissioners, and shall also be copied into the said commissioners book or books; and the said clerk of the peace, and his deputy, and clerk to the said commissioners, shall permit and suffer any person or persons from time to time and at all times within the office hours of attendance, to peruse and inspect the said originals and copies respectively, and to take copies thereof, or of any part thereof, upon paying for every such perusal, inspection, and taking of copies, the sum of one shilling, and no more.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any verdict shall be given for a greater sum or recompence than shall have been offered by or on the behalf of the said commissioners, before the summoning of any such jury, for or in respect of any such lands, tenements, buildings, hereditaments, or damages as aforesaid, that then all the expences of such jury, and the witnesses attending in consequence thereof, and of the taking of such inquest, shall be paid by the said commissioners out of the monies to arise by virtue of this act; but if any verdict shall be given for no more or a less sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the behalf of the said commissioners, then and in every such case such expences shall be paid by the owners of, or persons interested in the lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments in question, and shall and may.in that case be deducted out of the sum to be paid to them by the said commissioners.

L. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the sum or sums of money so to be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, after such deduction as aforesaid, to the person or persons to whom the same shall be so adjudged, for the purchase of the said lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, surrenders, assignments, and assurances in the law to the said commissioners and their successors, in trust for the purposes hereby intended; or any person or persons in trust for them, of the said lands, tenements, buildings, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so adjudged; and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, surrenders, assignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect title thereto, to the said commissioners and their successors, in trust for effecting the purposes hereby intended, and such conveyances, surrenders, assignments, and assurances shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall on the part of the said commissioners be required, and in case the person or persons to whom such sum or sums of money shall be adjudged as aforesaid

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. Public Hall. 221

hall not be able to evince and make out a good and sufficient title to the premises, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, and to make or procure to be made good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the said commissioners, or any person or persons in trust for them, or shall refuse so to do being thereto required and such sum or sums of money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, after such deduction as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to him, her, or them, on the making such title, and executing or prqcuring to be executed such conveyances, surrenders, assignments, oj assurances as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them; or in case any such person or persons to whom any sum or sums of money as aforesaid shall be so adjudged, cannot be found in the East Riding oi the county of York, or at his, her, or their accustomed place of abode within England; or in case that by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said commissioners what person or persons is or are entitled to the hereditaments in question, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, to order the said sum or sums so assessed and adjudged as the value and purchase money for the said lands, tenements, buildings, and hereditaments as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments (describing them) subject to the order, controul, and disposition of the said court of chancery; which said court of chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum or sums, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of proceeding, or otherwise as to the same court shall seem meet, to order distribution thereof according to the respective estate or estates, title or interest of the person or persons making claim thereunto; and to make such other order in the premises with respect to costs, or otherwise, as to the said court shall seem just and reasonable; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England who shall receive such sum and sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums of money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such persons as shall pay any such sum or sums into the bank as aforesaid; and such receipt or receipts shall be filed and certified in like manner as is usual on payments made into the bank, in the name of the accountant general, under orders of the court of chancery.

LI. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such verdicts, judgments, and proceedings of the said justices and juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, and after such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cashiers shall be given and filed as before mentioned, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of the lands, tenements, buildings, hereditaments, and premises, to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said commissioners and their successors, in trust for effecting the purposes hereby intended, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual seisin or possession thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every person, having any estate in the premises, had actually conveyed the same by lease and release, bargain and sale in rolled, feoffment with livery of sersin, fine, common recovery, surrender, or any other conveyance or assurance whatsoever; and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim, and demand of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all estates tail, and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and the issue and issues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as fines or common recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the powers of this act for the

41 Geo. HI.

c. 30.

Or the Parlies are not to be found.

Commissioners to older the Purchase Money to lie paid into the Bank, jkc.

Subject to tlje Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Immediately after Verdicts and Payments, Stc. Eatates to reat in the Lorain iauone re.

Application of CompeoaatloD Money when exceeding 900/.

41 Geo. 111. c. 30.

Application where the Com.

Sensation Money oes not exceed 200£. and above 20£.

Application where the Money is less than 20£.

purposes thereof, which shall belong to any corporation, feme covert, infant, lunatic, or person or persons under any disability or incapacity as aforesaid, such money shall, in case the same shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account ex parte the commissioners for executing this act, to the intent that such money shall be applied, under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, be signified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred in a summary way by the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments, in the purchase of the land tax, or towards the discharge of any debt or debts, or such other incumbrance or part thereof as the said court shall authorize to be paid affecting the same lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments, or affecting other lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the same or the like uses, inteuts, or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like direction and approbation of the said court, in the purchase of other lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon sock and the like uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, and in the same manner as the lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments, which shall be to purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the time of making such conveyance and settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect j and in the mean time and until such purchase shall be made, the said money shall, by order of the court of chancery, upon application thereto, be invested by the said accountant general, in his name, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities; and in the mean time and until the said annuities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said consolidated or reduced bank annuities shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such purchase or settlement were made.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any corporation, or to any person or persons under disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time.being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, in case of infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be paid into the bank, in the name and with the privity of the said accountant general of the high court of chancery, and be placed to his account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinafter directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like option, to two trustees to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved of by three or more of the said commissioners (such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties) in order that such principal money, and dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so for as the case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the direction or approbation of the court of chancery.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, buildings, or other hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of infancy or lunacy, then to his, her. or

i

i

their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the, use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the surrender or conveyance of any jucli estate or interest of any feme covert to the said commissioners, or any person or persons in trust for them, by indenture or indentures of bargain and sale, sealed and delivered by such feme covert in the presence of, and attested by two credible witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled iiMhe register office established at Beverley, in the East Riding of the county of York, for the registering of deeds, conveyances, and wills affecting freehold lands, tenements, and hereditaments lying in the said East Riding, within six calendar months next after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such feme covert in the premises, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law; and farther, that all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such lauds, tenements, buildings, and hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said commissioners, by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like force, effect, and operation in law, to all intents and purposes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons 6eised of any estate in the premises in trust for such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons whomsoever, having or claiming any right, title, interest, use, or property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of any lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, which by virtue and for the purposes of this act shall be purchased by, and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed to the said commissioners, or any person or persons in trust for them, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of the accruer of the title to the possession of the person or persons so claiming, enter a memorial of such their right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the clerk to the said commissioners, which book the said clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry he shall be entitled to such fee and no other, as the register for the register office for the said East Riding is by law entitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words; and all and every person and persons whomsoever, not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time and in such manner as aforesaid, or having eBteved the same and not prosecuting such right, claim, or demand with effect, within the space of twelve calendar months, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall for ever be barred of all right, title, use, equity, claim, and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of the said premises, and every part thereof, and the said commissioners and their trustees, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of all such lands, tenements, buildings, and hereditaments; any law, statute, umge, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any person or persons barred of any right, title, estate, interest, claim, or demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, by virtue of this act, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt, or for money had and received to his, her, or their use, against any person or persons who shall have received all or any part of the purchase money arising from such sale of the said lands, tenements, buildings, hereditaments, and premises aforesaid, and that in every such case the respective plaintiffs, in proof of such title as would have enabled him to recover such lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to the interest in the said premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises, which they would have been entitled to recover in case this act bad not been made.

41 Geo. 1IJ.

c. 30.

Birpainsand Salts to have the Force of Fines and Rteovcrics.

Persons having any Right to make Claim within a limited Time, or the . Riuhtto be bar* red.

But may recover the Purchase Money, &c. from Persons receiving the same.

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Tenant at Will,

Ac. to <Mi ver Pmecsainu.

For paying off Mortgage* on Lauda used by the Commissioners,

Purchase Money to be paid or tendered before any Uae made of the Estate.

Commissioners empowered to let, sell, tec. any Ground not neccsary for the Purposes of the Act.

Former pro. prietors to have

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every lessee or tenant for yean, or a year, or at will, or any other person or persons in possession of any such lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, shall deliver up the possession of such premises to the said commissioners, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to take possession of the same, upon having notice from the said commissioners, or the person or persons so authorized by them, to quit the same at such time or times as shall be required by such notice, they the said commissioners, or such person or persons making such recompence to every such tenant or lessee as aforesaid, in case such tenant or lessee shall be required to quit before the expiration of his, her, or their term in the premises, as the said commissioners shall deem just and reasonable; and in case any dispute or difference shall arise concerning the same, it shall and is hereby required to be referred to the determination of a jury, to be impannelled in manner aforesaid; and such person or persons in possession shall, at such time or times as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premises to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons authorized by them to take possession thereof; and that in case any such person or persons, so in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to issue their precept or precepts to the sheriff of the county of York, to deliver possession of the premises to such person or persons as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said sheriff is hereby required to deliver such possession of the said premises accordingly, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts, on the person or persons so refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any lands to be used for the purposes of this act, shall happen to be in mortgage to any person or persons, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, upon application being made to them by each mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their executors or administrators, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay such sum or sums of money, after the same shall have been so agreed for and adjusted, or assessed in manner aforesaid, for such lands in mortgage, in part of the principal money that shall be due upon such mortgage or mortgages, unto such mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their executors or administrators: provided always, that upon receipt of such sum or sums, such mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their executors or administrators respectively, shall acknowledge the receipt of such sum or sums of money, by an indorsement to be made upon the back of such mortgage or mortgages, and signed by such mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their executors or administrators respectively, in the presence of one or more credible witness or witnesses, in satisfaction of so much of the principal money due upon such mortgage or mortgages.

LX. And be it farther enacted. That all sums of money, or other consideration, recompence, or satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuant to any such agreement, surrender, conveyance, or verdict as aforesaid, or in discharge of any such mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the party or parties entitled to the same, or be paid into the bank of England as aforesaid, before the said commissioners, or any person or persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any house or houses, or other erections or buildings, or to make use of any lands comprised in or affected by such agreement, conveyance, surrender, verdict or mortgage respectively.

LXI. And whereas some part or parts of the lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, may happen to be more than necessary to be made use of for the purposes of this act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to let, sell, or dispose of, and convey or cause to be let, sold, or disposed of and conveyed, such part or parts of the said lands, tenements, buildings, and hereditaments, to such person or persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, rent, or purchase the same, and the money arising therefrom shall be paid and applied for the purposes of this act.

LXII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the former proprietor or proprietors of such part or parts of

Class Vi.]

Improvement of Sculcoates. Rates.

225

the same lands, tenements, buildings, or hereditaments, as may not be 41 Geo. III. necessary to be made nse of for the purposes of this act, shall have the pre- gQ

ference of taking, renting, or purchasing the same. ' t

LXIII. And, for raising money for answering and defraying the expences attending the obtaining of this act, and carrying into execution the several preference of purposes thereof (except those hereinafter mentioned and excepted) Be it taking, renting, further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby *>£ purchasing authorized and required, once or oftener in every year, as they shall see the, aIIie* occasion, to cause such sum of money to be raised by a rate or assessment Rates, upon the several tenants or occupiers of houses, warehouses, shops, cellars, vaults, stables, coach houses, brewhouses, granaries, malthouses, and other buildings which are already made or built, or shall hereafter be made or built within the said parish as aforesaid, and upon the several gardens, yards, or lands thereto respectively belonging and adjoining, and upon all gardens, orchards, paddocks, closes, tenements, and hereditaments adjoining to or upon any of the streets, squares, lanes, or other public passages or places which arc already made or built and making or building, and which ball hereafter be made or built within the said parish of Sculcoates, and which shall be lighted, watched, and cleansed by virtue and in pursuance of this act, according to the annual rent or value of the same respectively, not exceeding in any one year the sum of two shillings in the pound upon such annual rent or value, as the said commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for paying and defraying the several charges and expences attending the obtaining and passing of this act, and of cleansing, lighting, and watching such streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places aa aforesaid, and of purchasing and providing a sufficient number of lamps, lamp posts, and lamp irons, and of keeping the same in repair from time to time, and all other charges and expences incidental thereto, under the orders and regulations by this act provided, and directed to be observed and made, and all other charges and expences incidental to and attending the execution of this act, except so far as relates to the flagging and paving, altering, amending, or repairing the present and future footways and carriage ways of the same streets, squares, lanes, and other public passages and places, and which last-mentioned charges are not to be included in, or discharged or defrayed by such rate or assessment as aforesaid, such annual rent or value to be from time to time settled, ascertained, and fixed according to the respective rents which such houses, warehouses, shops, cellars, vaults, stables, coach houses, brewhouses, granaries, malthouses, buildings, gardens, orchards, paddocks, closes, tenements, or hereditaments, are or shall be rated or taxed at or for the relief of the poor; but if in any inch poor rates any person or persons shall be omitted to be rated, then the name or names of such person or persons so omitted shall be added to the rate or assessment hereby directed to be made, and he, she, or they shall be rated and assessed according to the just and true value or letting of the premises by him, her, or them occupied; and where any such premises lie intermixed, or are jointly held with any other premises that shall not be rated hi pursuance or in virtue of this act, then the same shall be rated and assessed in proportion as the whole premises are rated in any such poor rates; and in case of such omission as aforesaid, then in proportion to the jost and true value in letting of the whole premises; and where in any case the rates or assessments to be raised and levied as aforesaid, in respect of any of the premises hereby made liable to be rated, cannot be settled, fixed, or ascertained by either of the ways aforesaid, then the commissioners shall rate and assess such premises as last aforesaid, at such annual sum as they the said commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners yearly and every year, as often as they shall see occasion, by writing under their hands, to nominate and appoint one or more of the inhabitants of the said parish of Sculcoates (not being of the people called quakers) to be the assessor or assessors of such rates or assessments as aforesaid, and as soon afterwards as may be to issue their order thereupon to such assessor or assessors, who shall accordingly be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to make such rate or rates, assessment or assessments in all cases except where the rates or assessments so to be raised cannot be settled, ascertained, and fixed in either of the ways herein

F f

226

41 Geo. 111. e. 30.

Commissioner* in order to s&certsin the Rate *, may order (he Pariah Rate Books or Land Tax Books to be produced, and Copies (hereof made.

Improvement of Sculcoates. Rates. [Part III.

before mentioned; and the first year for which such rates or assessments shall be made, shall commence at, and be computed from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next after the passim? of this act, and the money so to be rated and assessed, shall from time to time be paid by such several tenants or occupiers as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to pay the same by half yearly payments to the collector or collectors to be appointed by the said commbsioners as aforesaid; but no rate or assessment to be made in pursuance of this act, shall be valid until the same shall be allowed, and signed by five of the said commissioners at the least; and the said assessor or assessors shall appear at such time and place as the commissioners shall, by writing signed by them, order and appoint, and then and there produce and deliver to them two copies or duplicates of the assessment made and subscribed by such assessor or assessors, and shall from time to time, upon reasonable notice to him or them given by the said commissioners, altend the said commissioners at any of their meetings, then and there to explain such rates and assessments; and that after such rate or assessment shall be made and allowed, and signed, settled, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, and the money thereby made payable shall be collected and received by the collector or collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, as soon as may be, of and from the respective persons who shall be so rated or assessed, and the said commissioners shall from time to time, as soon as may be after such rate or assessment shall be made, allowed, and signed, settled, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, cause a duplicate thereof signed by them, to be delivered to the said collector or collectors, and shall also issue their orders to the said collector or collectors, requiring him or them to collect and receive the respective sums of money made payable by such rate or assessment, and such collector or collectors is and are hereby authorised and required to collect and receive the same accordingly, and also once at least in every month or oftener, if directed so to do by the said commissioners, by writing signed by their clerk for the time being, to pay the money so to be collected and received by virtue of this act, to the treasurer for the time being to the said commissioners, or to such person or persons as the said commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the useB and purposes hereinbefore mentioned; and all and every such collector or collectors shall, and is and are hereby required, at the time of making every such payment of the money so respectively collected as aforesaid, to deliver to the person or persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact account of all sums of money received by them respectively, and also of such sums of money, rates, or assessments (if any) which shall remain uncollected, together with the reasons why the same have or had not been collected, to the end that it may appear whether such non-payment or non-collection happened through the insolvency of the person rated, or through the default of the collector or collectors; and if any person who shall be appointed, or accept the office of assessor or collector in virtue hereof, shall afterwards refuse or neglect to take upon himself and execute his said office, without showing some reasonable canse, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners for such refusal or neglect, or shall wilfully make default in the performance of the duty of his said office, or over-rate any person or persons, or collect more than the sum which shall have been so rated or assessed as aforesaid, or otherwise misbehave himself therein, he shall for every such refusal, neglect, default, or misbehaviour, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, to be recovered as other penalties are hereinafter directed to be recovered, and also be discharged from his said office, if tlio said commissioners shall think fit.

LXIV. And, in order to ascertain the rates and assessments to be made by virtue of this act, Be it further enacted, That the commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any of the books or assessments of rates towards the relief of the poor of the said parish of Sculcoates, and if they shall think fit, any of the books or assessments of the land tax to be brought before them, and to take copies of such books or assessments, or of any part thereof, without fee or reward; and if any person or persons in whose custody or power any of the said books or assessments shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said commissioners with such books or assessments, or to permit them to take copies thereof, then and in every such case such person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay apy sum not exceeding ten pounds.

LXV. And be it farther enacted, That if such assessor or assessors shall at any time or times hereafter, in any rates or assessments by him or them to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any person or persons liable to pay or to be charged with such rates or assessments, or shall in such assessments under-rate any such person or persons liable to pay such rates or assessments, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to rate and assess in the s: id rates or assessments, such person or persons so omitted to be rated or assessed, and to raise such person or persons so under-rated, or amend such rates or assessments as aforesaid, in such manner as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and that the said commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to strike out the name or names of any person or persons whom they shall determine not to be liable to the payment of the rates hereby directed to be made; and that all such additions to or alterations in the old or former rates or assessments, shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same bad been part of the original, or old or former rates or assessments; any statute, law, usage, or custom to the contrary in any wise notwith-sfcndirg. '

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the tenant or occupier of any n essurge, house, warehouse, shop, cellar, building, garden, land, tenement, or hereditament, upon or in respect of which any rate or assessment shan be charged or imposed by virtue of this act, shall at any time neglect or refuse to pay the rates or sums of money which shall be so rated or assessed as aforesaid, for the space of fourteen days after the same shall be due, and demand made thereof by notice in writing under the hand or hands of the collector or collectors of the said rates, to be delivered to such tenant or occupier, or left at his or her dwelling house, or usual or last place of abode, or at the tenement occupied, then upon pro f thereof upon oath (or affirmation being a quaker) before any justice of the peace for the said East Riding, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such tenant or occupier, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducting the sum or sums due in respect of such rates or assessments, and all charges and expences attending the recovery thereof, to the owners of such goods and chattels, upon demand.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That iu all cases where any person shall remove from or quit any messuage, warehouse, building, garden, land, tenement, or hereditament which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this act, such person shall be liable to pay such rates or assessments in proportion to the time that he or she occupied the same, in like manner as if such person or persons had not removed or quitted the same; and in all cases where any person shall come into or occupy any such messuage, warehouse, buildings, gardens, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, out of or from which any other person who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall be removed, or which at the time of making any such rate or assessment was or were empty or unoccupied, the same shall, for and in respect of his, her, or their occupation thereof, be liable to any such rate or assessment in proportion to the time that he or she shall occupy the same, in the same manner as if he or she had been originally rated or assessed for such messuage, warehouse, buildings, gardens, lands tenements, or hereditaments, which said respective proportions, in rase of dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said commissioners in such manner as they shall judge reasonable; and in case any person who having been so rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall quit his or her messruege. warehouse, building, garden, laud, tenement, or hereditament, before he or she shall have paid such rate or rates, or proportionable part or parts thereof, by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to pay the same when demanded, it shall and may he lawful for the said collector or collectors, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the sa; d East Riding of the county of York, or for the city, county, riding, division, liberty, town, or place where such person shall remove to or reside, or where any goods or chattels of such person shall Ik-found (which warrant such justice is hereby required to grant upon proof made of the sum so duo, hef-re him, upon juUi of a credible witness or wit-

41 Geo. 111.

c, 30.

If A«vsw>ni hnmi

tin* I tattrn improperly, (nmniii. tionrr* may amend or alter the old luu-a.

Te'innla to pay thv lUira.

If..v Itatej. to he p.nl l*y Tenants q-uttin - or entering.

rrroot w c *

228 Improvement of Sculcoates. Rates. [part 111.

41 Geo. 111. c. 30.

If more than om Tenant or Occupier toy One may be liable to pay the Rates.

Exemption from Rate*.

House*. &c. unoccupied not to be rated.

Dock Company'* Messuage *, &c. not rateable.

Exemption from Rates.

Commissioners with the Appro, bation of Justices, to adjudge what Houses, fitc. shall not be rated.

seises (or affirmation being a quaker) to levy such rate or rates, or proportionable part or parts thereof, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such person, rendering the overplus, and the goods and chattels remaining (if any be) upon demand, after payment of the money due in respect of such unpaid rate or rates, or proportionable part or parts, and all expenses attending the recovery thereof, unto the person or persons whose goods and chattels have been so distrained and sold.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any messuage, warehouse, building, garden, land, tenement, or hereditament, which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this act, shall be let or demised to more than one tenant or occupier, any one or more of such tenants or occupiers shall be deemed the occupier or occupiers thereof, for the purposes of this act, and the said rates or assessments shall be levied by distress and sale in manner last hereinbefore mentioned, of all or any of the goods and chattels in such messuage, warehouse, building, garden, land, tenement, or hereditament.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be rated, or pay the rates or assessments which shall be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, who shall occupy a house or houses within the said parish of less than the yearly value of eight pounds, and no rate or assessment shall, by virtue of this act, be charged or made payable by any peno* who, by reason of his or her own poverty only, is or shall be excused from paying any rate made for the relief of the poor, nor shall any person be charged or rated in or by such rate or assessment as aforesaid, in or on account of any lands whatsoever, which shall at any time of making any such rate or assessment be used as arable land, meadow or pasture ground only, and shall not adjoin to some street, square, lane, or other public passage or place which shall be watched and cleansed in virtue or in pursuance hereof.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no messuage, warehouse, building, garden, tenement, or hereditaments, hereby made liable to he rated or assessed, shall be charged or chargeable with any rate or assessment as aforesaid, during the time the same be empty or unoccupied.

LXXI. Provided likewise, and he it further enacted, That no messuage, warehouse, buildings, lands, or tenements, or any other of the possessions of the dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull, shall be charged or chargeable with any rate or assessment by virtue of this act.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be rated, or pay the rates or assessments which shall be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of purchasing such lamps and other requisites air tending the lighting thereof as aforesaid, for or in respect of any houses, warehouses, shops, cellars, vaults, stables, coach houses, brewbouses, granaries, malthouses, or other buildings, lands, and premises situate in such part of the parish of Sculcoates aforesaid, as the dock company of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid are, by act of parliament, covenant, or otherwise, obliged to provide or furnish with lamps, lamp posts, lamp irons, lamp oil, and other requisites attending the lighting thereof.

LXXIII. And whereas there are and may he several messuages, buildings, tenements, lands, and grounds, which by reason of their distance frocs the said streets, squares, lanes, or public passages or places, can receive little or no advantage from the general watching, lighting, or cleansing thereof, and others which are or may be so situated or circumstanced as to render it unnecessary or inexpedient to light, watch, or cleanse the same; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to adjudge and determine, with the approbation of two or move justices of the peace for the East Riding of the said county of York, not being commissioners under this act, how far it may be expedient to light, watch, or cleanse such distant place or places so situated as aforesaid, and which of the messuages, buildings, tenements, lands, and grounds, shall be liable to be rated and assessed as hereinbefore is directed, and that it thaH not be lawful for the commissioners to lay any rate or assessment on such messuages or other premises, as they shall so adjudge and determine, with such approbation as aforesaid, to be at such distance, or to be so circumstanced as not to receive adequate advantage from the general purposes of this act.

LXXIV. And be it farther enacted, That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or assessment, rates or assessments, which shall be made in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may first apply for relief to the commissioners, at the first or second meeting to be bolden next after demand shall be made of such rate or assessment, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think the person or persons aggrieved, to give such relief in the premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any person or persons so applying to such commissioners, shall not be satisfied with their order or determination, or such application shall not be attended to by the commissioners, at such first or second meeting as aforesaid, then such person or persons shall nevertheless be obliged to pay such rate, and theo and not before may appeal in the manner hereinafter mentioned to the general quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden in and for the East Riding of the said county of York, for relief in the premises.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the present and future footways and carriage ways of or belonging to any bridge or public building, now making or building, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said parish of Sculcoates, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the person or persons in whom such bridge or public building is or shall for the time being be vested, and that the present and future footways and carriage ways of or belonging to, or before, behind, and at the side of any building now made or erected, or which shall or may hereafter be made or erected within the said parish, and set apart or used for the amusement of the inhabitants thereof, or for the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or of the public in general, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the owners or proprietors thereof for the time being, and that the present and future footways and carriage ways of or belonging to, or before, behind, and at the side of any church or chapel now made or built, or making or building, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said parish, in ease of the parish church of Sculcoates aforesaid, and to the church yard or burial ground belong!ug to such church or chapel of ease, and belonging to the said parish, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the churchwardens of the said parish; but if such church or chapel or burial ground shall be built or made by any private person or persons, then tht same footways and carriage ways shall be paved and kept in repair by the owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors, for the time being of the same church or chapel, or burial ground; and that the present and future footways and caniage ways of or belonging to, before, behind, or at the side of any dissenting meeting house or meeting houses, yard, chapel, or burial place, or ground now made or built, or making or building, as well as such as shall hereafter be made or built within the said parish, shall be paved and kept in repair at the expence of the respective ministers and deacons, or other persons usually officiating therein, or having the care or management of the same; and all the same footways and carriage ways, and the flagging and paving thereof, shall be made, flagged, paved, repaired, amended, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and be subject to the same regulations and penalties respectively, and such penalties shall be recovered respectively in the same manner as is and are hereinbefore expressed, provided, and inflicted, concerning or with respect to the other footways and carriage ways, in or of the street, squares, lanes, and public passages and places, now made or built within some part of the said parish of Sculcoates.

LXXVI. And, for the more effectually enabling the said commissioners to execute the purposes of this act in the most expedient manner, Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and take up at interest any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole at any one time the sum of three thousand pounds, upon the credit of the rates or assessments to be made by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid, and by any writing or writings upon vellum or parchment, signed by the said commissioners, to assign the said rates or assessments, or a competent part thereof, to such person or persons as shall advance and lend such money thereupon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with lawful interest for the same, which interest shall be payable and paid half yearly, by the treasurer for the time being to

2»>

41 Geo. 111. e. 30.

Person* ag-greived by Rates nwy apply to the Comm i»et oners.

The Pavements of public Huild-inus to be under the same Regulations aa those of private ones.

CommMnneni empowered to borrow Money n the Credit of the Rates.

L.

4l Geo. III. c. 30.

F-'rm of the i-irant or Security.

Notice to be given before Money shall be borrowed.

Securities may be transferred.

Form of Ash to. *Mai or Transfer.

the commissioners, out of the monies to arise or be levied by or from the said rates and assessments; and all and every sum and sums of money so to be advanced and lent, and the interest thereof, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time, free from all charges, taxes, and deductions, out of the money arising from the said rates or assessments hereby authorized or directed to be made and levied as aforesaid, and of all charges, taxes, and deductions whatsoever of the same principal money, or the interest thereof; and all persons who shall be possessed of the said securities shall be creditors on the said rates or assessments in equal degree, without preference in respect to the time of his, her, or their advancing money thereon, or otherwise howsoever; and evry such grant, assignment, or security shall be in form or to the effect following; (that is to say)

" By virtue of an act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of King " George the Third, intituled [jef forth the title of this act] we " of the commissioners appointed by virtue of the said

" act, in consideration of the sum of advanced and

* paid by to the treasurer appointed

" in pursuance of the said act, upon the credit and for the purposes of the said act, do grant and assign unto the said

" his executors, administrators, and assigns, such pro-

" portions of the rates or assessments arising by virtue of the said act," as the said sum of doth or shall bear to the

" whole sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the credit of the same act, to be had and holden from this until the said

" sum of with interest at per centum per

" annum for the same, to be paid half yearly, shall be repaid and satis- fled. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals," this day of

And every such grant or mortgage shall be good, valid, and effectual in law.

LXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That before any such money shall be so borrowed at interest as hereinbefore mentioned, fourteen days notice, signifying the intention of borrowing such m< ney at interest as aforesaid, shall be given and published in the manner first hereinbefore mentioned with respect to other notices to be given by virtue of this act.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons entitled to any of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, administrators and assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to assign or transfer such securities, by indorsement, to any person or persons whomsoever, and the person or persons to whom such assignment or transfer shall be made, or the person or persons for the time being entitled to such securities, may in like manner assign or transfer the same; and every such assignment or transfer, after the same shall respectively be entered by the clerk for the time being to the said commissioners, in the manner hereinafter directed, and which he is required to do for such fee or reward as is hereinafter mentioned, shall entitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, or who shall be for the time being entitled thereto, and his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities so assigned or transferred; and the form of such assignment or transfer shall be in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say)

" I [or, wej being entitled to the

u sum of payable with interest, after the rate

u of payable to me [or, us] my [or, our]

* executors, administrators, or assigns, by virtue of a mortgage [or," assignment] bearing date the day of

" under the hands and seals of

M of the commissioners acting in the execution of an act, passed in the " forty-first year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled " [set forth the title of this act] upon the credit, or arising out of the rates or assessments arising by the said act, do hereby transfer all ray " [or, our] right and title in and to the same, and the money now due " and to grow due thereon, unto his executors, adminis-

Class Vh] Improvement of Sculcoaies. Mortgage of Rates.

trators, and assigns, subject to such right of redemption of the same " sum and interest as by the said act the same is liable or made subject " to. Dated this day of in the

year

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every grant, assignment, or mortgage which shall be made by virtue of this act, lor any sum of money which shall be borrowed by the said commissioners on the credit of the said rates or assessments as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be made liable or subject to, and may be redeemed by the said commissioners, at such times and in such manner as the said commissioners shall think fit, six calendar months previous notice having been given to the person or persoos entitled to such sum lent on the credit of such rates or assessments, by the said commissioners, of their intention of redeeming the same, and full payment of the principal sum so borrowed, and interest, after the rate at which the same shall be so borrowed, being made to such person or persons; and he, she, or they may and are authorized to call for the payment thereof as he, she, or they shall think fit, giving the like notice to the said commissioners or their clerk.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the interest for the said mortgages, or any part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the space of thirty days next after the same shall become due, and be payable as aforesaid, and have been demanded, then it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required, on application to them made by any creditor or creditora whose interest shall be so in arrear, by an order under their bands and seals to appoint one or more person or persons to receive the whole or any part or parts of the said rates or assessments, and that the money so to be received by such person or persons, shall be so received to and for the use and benefit of the person or persons to whom sueb interest in arrear shall be due, and shall be paid to him, her, or them accordingly; and when the interest so in arrear, as well as the interest which shall accrue and grow due whilst the person or persous so to be appointed as aforesaid shall be in the receipt of such rates and assessments, together with the costs and charges of recovering, receiving, and paying over the same in manner aforesaid, shall be fully satisfied and paid, the power and authority of such receiver or receivers for the purposes aforesaid shall cease and be it an end; or otherwise, if such creditor shall think proper, such interest so due and in arrear as aforesaid, shall and may be sued for and recovered by him, her, or them, with costs of suit, by an action of debt, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

LXXXI. And whereas it may happen that there may from time to time be in the hands of the treasurer for the time being to the commissioners, a sum or sums of money, or balance unapplied or undisposed of for the purposes of this act, which may be insufficient to make any considerable or general reduction of the rates or assessments to be made in pursuance hereof, or which it may be convenient or advisable not to apply in the reduction thereof: Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, if they shall think fit, to order such sum or sums of money or balance to be from time to time placed out or invested in the names of the said commissioners, or any eight or more of them, in the purchase of stock, in any of the public stocks or funds, or in government securities, the interest or dividends of which shall he from time to time applied as the same shall become payable, in the same manner at the monies to be received by the rates and assessments to be made as hereinbefore mentioned are hereby directed to be applied; and the said commissioners are hereby fully authorised and empowered to order, direct, and cause such stock or securities so to be purchased, to he from time to time altered, transferred, varied, or sold, and the produce thereof again iovested and placed in the like manner, or in the redemption of any grants or mortgages for sums of money lent on the credit of the said rates or assessments as aforesaid, or in the general reductions of such rates or assessments, or for any other purposes for which the said rates or assessments are hereby directed to be raised and levied, as to the commissioners shall seem expedient or proper; and such stocks and securities, and the interest and dividends, shall be charged with and liable to the payment of the monies

231

41 Geo. 111. c. 30.

I\!ortgu; r§ may be redemied by C'otnmitMoners.

Interest of Mnrt.

lit iw to be recovered.

Commissioners may order Money in the Hands of the Treasurer, undisposed of, to be laid out in the Purchase of Stock.

232

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

CWk tn enter all 8ecuriti«*« for Money borrowed.

Application of the Money re. ceired, and the Treasurer to pay the same as lire C ommtsu oners direct

For Recovery and Application of Costs. Penal, ties, and Forfeitures.

Improvement of Sculcoates. Penalties. [Part III.

to be borrowed on the credit of the said rates or assessments as aforesaid, in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed concerning such rates or assessments, and the commissioners, in whose names such stocks or securities shall have been purchased or invested, are hereby required, on ten days notice being given to them for that purpose, to alter, transfer, vary, sell, or dispose of the same in such manner and for such purposes as shall be required or directed in writing by the said commissioners, and if any such commissioners, in whose name any such stocks or securities shall have been purchased or invested, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the space of ten days after being thereunto required as aforesaid, the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, or other books in which such purchase or investment shall have been made or entered, being then open for the purpose of making transfers or sales thereof, then every such commissioner shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered and levied in like manner as other penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be recovered and levied.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk for the time being to the said commissioners shall enter in a book, to be for that purpose provided and kept, copies of all securities for money borrowed on mortgage by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and extracts or memorials of all assignments or transfers thereof, expressing in words at length the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions of all such persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such securities by mortgage, and also an account of all such stocks or securities which shall be purchased by or by the order of the commissioners, and in whose names the same shall have been so purchased, and of every transfer, alteration, sale, or other disposition thereof, to which book and books the person and persons interested shall at all seasonable times have access, with free liberty to inspect the same without fee or reward; and for the entry of every auch transfer of the grant or assignment of the said rates or assessments, the said clerk shall he paid, by the person to whom such transfer shall be made, the sum of two shillings and sixpence and no more; and after every such entry made of any such transfer, every such transfer so entered, shall entitle the person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their executor, administrator, or assign, to the benefit of the security thereby transferred.

LXXXIII. And be it farther enacted, That the monies to he received by virtue of this act, shall he from time to time applied and disposed of for the several purposes of this act (except as hereinbefore is mentioned) or in such other manner as the commissioners, shall direct, and the treasurer for the time being to the said commissioners shall and is hereby authorized and required to pay and apply all such monies as he or they shall respectively receive by virtue hereof, to such person or persons and in such manner, and at such time and times as the said commissioners shall from time to time, by any order or orders under their hands, direct and appoint; and the said commissioners are hereby empowered to make such order or orders accordingly.

LXXXIV. And be it farther enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act to be'incurred or imposed, the manner of levying and recovering whereof ii not herein otherwise directed, and all costs, charges, and expences allowed, ordered, or directed to he paid by the authority of this act, r of any rales, orders, or by-laws made or to be made in pursuance thereof, shall from time to time be levied, recovered, or ascertained, and settled as follows; that is to say, all such costs, penalties, and forfeitures, in case the same is or are not paid by the person or persons incurring the same, to the said commissioners, or their said treasurer or clerk, on demand, or on notice thereof in writing, signed by the said commissioners, or their said treasurer or clerk, being given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual place or places of residenoe or abode, shall or may be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons offending, or directed to pay the same, by warrant uoder the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting in and for the riding, division, liberty, town, or place where such offender or other person shall be and reside, or where his or her goods and chattels shall be found, which warrant such justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required to grant and issue, upon the confession of the party offending, or upon the

Class VI.] Improvement of Sculcoates. Penalties. 233

information of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath (or affirmation being* a quaker; ) and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, and such costs, charges, and expences, or any of them, shall not be paid on demand, it shall be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such person or persons to the common gaol or house of correction in and for the said county of York, or of the city, county, riding, division, liberty, town or place where such offender shall be or reside, as the case may be, or such person or persons may be committed to the place which shall be provided for persons offending against this act in manner hereinbefore mentioned, there to remain, without bail or roainprize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months nor less than one calendar month, unless such costs, charges, and expences shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and in all cases of distress and sale as aforesaid, the overplus (if any) of the monies to arise thereby, after deducting the costs and charges attending the re* covery of such penalties, forfeitures, and costs, and all other expences incident thereto, shall be paid, upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall have been so distressed and sold as aforesaid.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective penalties, forfeitures, and costs, when recovered by this act, shall be paid to the treasurer for the time being, to the said commissioners, or to such other person or persons as the said commissioners shall think proper and direct, and shall be applied and disposed of for the purposes of this act, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners from time to time, if they shall see cause, to pay and apply such part of the said penalties and forfeitures hereby made payable, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding one moiety Ihereof respectively, to and for the use of the informer or informers of any offence or offences against this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all notices and summonses which are directed or required to be given by this act, or which are or may be directed and required to be given by any rules, orders, or by-laws made or to be made in pursuance of this act, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying into execution any of the powers of the same, or any of such rules, orders, or by-laws, of which the manner of serving the same is not particularly directed by this act, the service of any such notice or summons, either on the person to whom the same ought to be given, or leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, signed by the clerk for the time being to the commissioners, at his or their dwelling-house, or usual or last place of abode, shall be good and sufficient service of any such notice or summons; and that iu all cases whatsoever where any such notice or summons ought to be given to two or more persons for or respecting any offence or offences against this act, or the joint act, omission, offence, or default of any persons who shall be in partnership or jointly concerned in such act, omission, offence, or default, the like service of any such notice or summons on any one of such partners or persons, shall be a good and sufficient service thereof.

LXXXVUT. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no person or persons shall be subject or liable to the payment of any of the penalties or forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this act, for any offence or offences against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law to be made in pursuance thereof, unless some proceedings, or notice of some intended proceedings, shall be had or given, according to the direction of this act, or of such rule, order, or by-law respecting such offence or offences, within six calendar months next after such offence committed.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or actions shall be brought by order of the said commissioners against any person or persons, for any thing relating to this act, or the powers herein contained, and a verdict shall be bad and given against the person or persons against whom such action or actions shall be brought, such person or persons shall pay double costs; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions shall have such remedy and remedies for recovering the same, as any plaintiff or plaintiffs may have for his, her, or theft* costs in any other case by law.

« S

41 Geo. nr. c. 30.

Directing the Application of Penalties, Forfeitures, sod Costs.

For rewarding Informers.

Directing the Manner of serving Notices.

Proceedioes tn be within Six Months.

In Cases of Verdict in favour, Persons convicted to pay Double Coats.

234 Improvement of Sculcoates. Penalties. [Part III*.

41 6«>. m.

c. 30.

DfHitring that Inhabitant* shall he competent Witness in all Actions con. crrnina the Execution of this Art Fr compelling the Attendance of Witnesses

Persons taking a false Oath to be guilty of Per-Jury.

Form of Conviction.

Distress not to be deemed nnlawful for Want of sons.

XC. And it is hereby further enacted, That in all actions, prosecutions informations, and causes of proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the execution of this act, or of any rule, order, or by-law made in pursuance thereof, any inhabitant of the said parish of Sculcoates shall and may be admitted to give evidence, notwithstanding his or her being such iu-habitant.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before the said commissioners, or any justice or justices of the peace in and for any county, riding, district, liberty, division, or place whatsoever, touching any matter of fact contained in any information or complaint for any offence against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law made in pursuance thereof, whether on the part of the prosecutors or of the person or persons complained of, and which summons the said commissioners and such justices as aforesaid are hereby authorised to issue, where and in such cases only am such commissioners, or such justice or justices as aforesaid, as the case may be, are made competent by this act to hear and determine the same; or if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the said East Riding of the county of York, or adjournment thereof upon auy appeal by virtue of this act, as hereinafter is mentioned, whether upon the part of the appellant or of the respondent, and any such person or persons so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, with a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their refusal or neglect, to be approved of by such justice or justices, commissioners, or other person or persons hereby authorized to receive such evidence, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath (or on solemn affirmation being a quaker) and to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace or commissioners as aforesaid, or at any such sessions or adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said cases every such person shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons, who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath in any of the cases in which an oath is by this act directed or required to be taken, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XCIII. And, for the more easy conviction of offenders against this act. Be it further enacted, That every justice of the peace before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law, to be made in virtue or pursuance thereof, and over which such justice or justices has or have conusance, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the form of words, or to the effect following; (that is to say)

East Riding of the)" Be it remembered, That on the day

G-2 i " of in the year of the reign of his

" Majesty King one thousand

" eight hundred and is [or are] convicted before

" me [or us, as the case shall be] one [or two, as the case shall " be] of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said East u Riding of the county of York, by virtue of an act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his Majesty King George " the Third, intituled [here insert the title of this act] of " [specifying the offence, and the time and place

" when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be] contrary to a certain by-law made on the day

M of one thousand eight hundred and

* pursuant to the said act, for which offence I [or we,

" as the case shall be] adjudge the said

" to have forfeited the sum of [but {f mitigated,

' which I, or we, as the case shall be, mitigate to the sum of u ] Given under my hand and seal [or our, as the case

" shall be, hands and seals] the day and year first above " written."

LCIV. And be it further enacted, That when any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of mouey to be levied by virtue of tbit act, the distress

Class VI. ] Improvement of S cm I coates. Limitation of Actions. 295

itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any defect or want of form is the summons, conviction, warrant, or distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action upon the case; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for any such irregularity or other proceedings, unless notice in writing shall be given to the clerk for the time being to the said commissioners twenty-one days before such action shall be brought or commenced, of such intended action for such irregularity, by the attorney for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, specifying the cause of action; nor shall the plaintiff or plaintiffs recover in such action, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity ot wrongful proceeding before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into such court such sum of money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such court, as in otheT actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this act, shall be made void, quashed, or vacated for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That no action, suit, or information, shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, or of the orders and directions hereinbefore given and granted, or in execution of the powers and authorities hereof, until twenty-one days notice thereof shall be first given in writing to the clerk to the commissioners for the time being, signed by the intended plaintiff or plaintiffs, of the cause and intention of and for commencing such action or suit, and the time when such action or suit will be commenced, nor at any time whatsoever, after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof shall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fact committed for which such action or actions, suit or 6uits, shall be so brought; and in case there shall be a continuation of damages, then not after six caleudar months next after the doing or commencing such damage shall cease, and not otherwise; and alJ such actions and suits shall be laid and tried in the county of York, and not in any other county or place; and that the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act, or of some rule, order, or by-law made in pursuance thereof; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such action or suit was brought before twenty-one days notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time hereinbefore for that purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and also if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such action or actions or judgment, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, or if any verdict shall pass upon the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer or otherwise judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants Jiath or may have for bis, htr, or their costs, in any other ca*cs by law.

41 Geo. III. c. 30.

Rrocredinys not

to I. for

Want of Fora.

Limitation of Actiooa.

2$6 Improvement of Sculcoates. Appeal. (_Part HI.

41 Geo. Ill* e. 30.

Persons «g-grieved may appeal to th« Sessions.

Public Act

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or assessment to be laid or assessed, or by any other order or judgment made or given, or any other thing done in pursuance of this act, or of any rule or by-law to be made in virtue thereof, such person or persons shall and may, within six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall have arisen under, or from any act or acts made or done by the said commissioners, or of any justice or justices acting in and for the said East Riding of the county of York, appeal to the justices of the peace at the general quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden in and for the said East Riding of the county of York, such appellant in either case first giving or causing to be given twenty-one days notice at the least in writing, of his, her, or their intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the clerk for the time being to the said commissioners, in case such appeal is from any act or acts made or done by the said commissioners, or of any justice or justices acting in and for the said East Riding of the county of York, and to the person or persons who is or are interested, to be or may be affected by any such appeal, and within twenty-one days after notice entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace of the said East Riding of the county of York, as the case of such appeal shall be, with two sufficient sureties conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide such order as shall be made, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter sessions, or at any adjournment thereof, shall and may summons the witnesses both on the part of the appellant and respondent, to appear at such sessions, and upon due proof of notice having been given, and of entering into recognizance as aforesaid, shall bear and finally determine the causes and nptters Gf every such appeal in a summary way, and shall award such restitution, damages, and costs, to the party or parties appealed against, and with or without the whole or any part of the costs, charges, and expences of prosecuting or defending such appeal, as the said justices shall think proper; and the determination shall be final, binding, and con* elusive, to all intents and purposes.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

PART IV,

DOCKS AND NAVIGATION.

CLASS I. — SHIP DOCKS AND QUAYS.

14 Geo. III. Cap. 50., 1774.

An Act for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing His Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit of commerce in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull: for making a Bason or Dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, for the accommodation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to His Majesty, and for applying certain sums of money out of His Majesty's customs at the said port for those purposes; and for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston-upon-Hull.

WHEREAS in and by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth jrear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs; reciting, amongst other things, that, in and by an Act of parliament, made in the first year of queen Elizabeth of famous memory, directing when and where merchandise should be landed, and customs paid, it was amongst divers other things enacted and ordained, that no goods, wares, or merchandise should be shipped or loaden aboard any ship or vessel, or landed or dis* charged out of or from any ship or vessel, but iu or upon some such open place, quay, or wharf, places, quays, or wharfs (except the port of Hull,) as her highness, her heirs and successors, should therefore assign and appoint, by virtue of her highness's commission or commissions within the port of London, and in all ports, creeks, havens, ot roads: and also reciting, that, notwithstanding the aforesaid act, there were some ports, creeks, and places where customers, collectors, and comptrollers and searchers, and their servants had then, time out of mind, been resident, to which no such commissions were sent, nor places, quays, or wharfs appointed, as by the said act was directed: and further reciting, that since that time, by reason of the alteration of rivers, streams, channels, and sands, some places then appointed were become unfit and useless, and others much more convenient and commodious, as well for traffic and commerce as for landing and dis* charging, lading and shipping^of goods, wares, and merchandise: it was therefore by the said recited act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, amongst other things enacted and ordained, that the King's Majesty might, from time to time, by his highness's commission or commissions out of his court of exchequer,

14 Car. II. Tecited.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

14 Geo. 111. «. 56.

Bit Majesty empowered to ti point open Quay* at Hull.

No Person to hip Good* for Exportation.

a>sign and appoint all «ucb further places, ports, members, and creeks (except the town of Hull,) as should be lawful for the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of any goods, wares, or merchandise, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or port or town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and to what ancient and head ports respectively such places, members, or creeks should belong and appertain: and where any such member, creek, or place, should be so as aforesaid appointed by virtue of the said commission or commissions, the customer, collector, comptroller, and searcher of the head ports should, by themselves or their sufficient deputy or deputies, servant or servants, reside and inhabit for the entering, clearing, and passing, shipping and discharging of ships, goods and merchandise; and, by virtue of the aforesaid commissioner commissions, might likewise set down and appoint the extents, bounds, and limits, of every port, haven, or creek, within his Majesty's kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town and port of Berwick, whereby the extents, limits, and privileges of every port, haven, or creek, might be ascertained and known; and that it should not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put, off or from any quay, wharf, or other place, on the land, into any ship, vessel, lighter, boat, or bottom, any goods, wares, or merchandise whatsoever, (fish taken by his Majesty's subjects, sea coal, stone, and bestials only excepted,) to be transported into any place of the parts beyond the seas, or carried by land into the realm of Scotland, or to take up, discharge, or lay on land, or cause or procure to be taken up, discharged, or laid on land, out of any boat, lighter, ship, vessel, or bottom (being not in leak or wreck,) any goods, wares, or merchand se whatsoever (fish taken by his Majesty's subjects, bestials, and salt only excepted,) to be brought from any of the parts beyond the seas, or by land from the realm of Scotland, by way of merchandise, but only upon such open place, quay, or wharf, places, quays, or wharfs, as his Majesty should, from time to time, assign and appoint, by virtue of such commission and commissions as aforesaid, in his Majesty's port of London, and the members and liberties thereof, and in any port, place, member, or creek, within his Majesty's kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town and port of Berwick, without special sufferance and leave first had from the commissioners and officers of his Majesty's customs, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods, wares, and merchandise, as by the last recited act, relation being thereunto had, it doth and may, amongst other things therein contained, more fully appear: and whereas since the passing of the said recited acts, the trade and commerce of the port of Kingston-upon-Hull are greatly increased, and it is highly expedient, for the security and improvement of the public revenue, and for the advantage of commerce, that lawful quays should be established at the said port, for the shipping and landing of goods and merchandise imported there, and exported from thence, in such manner as is hereinafter expressed; which, by reason of the exception in the said before-recited acts, cannot be done without the interposition of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, by his and their commission or commissions out of the court of exchequer in England, to assign and appoint such open places, quays, or wharfs, at Kingston-upon-Hull, on the west side of the harbour, and on the walls adjoining the town's ditches, to be lawful open places, quays, and wharfs, for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping, of all goods, wares, and merchandises, exported to or imported from foreign parts, and to set down, appoint, and settle the extents, bounds, metes, and limits thereof, subject nevertheless to such provisions and regulations as are hereinafter in that behalf expressed or declared; and that it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put, off or from any quay, wharf, or other place, on the land within the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, into any ship, vessel, lighter, boat, or bottom, any goods, wares, or merchandise whatsoever (except fish taken by his Majesty's subjects, sea coal, stone, and bestials,) to be transported into any place beyond the seas, or to take up, discharge, or lay

23D

Class 1.] Ship Docks and Quays.

on land, or cause or procure to be taken up, discharged, or laid on land, out 14 Geo. 111.

of auy boat, lighter, ship, vessel, or bottom (being not in leak or wreck,) c. 56

any goods, wares, or merchandise whatsoever (fish taken by his Majesty's

subjects, bestials, and salt only excepted,) to be brought from any of the

parts bey.uid the seas, by way of merchandise, but only upon such open Exception.

place, quay, or wharf, places, quays, or wharfs, as his Majesty, his heirs or

successors, shall from time to time assign and appoint, by virtue of such

commission or commissions as aforesaid, at Kingston-upon-Hull, on the

west side of the Harbour, and on the walls adjoining the town's ditches, or

off, from, or upon, such quays or wfarfs as shall be built and provided in

pursuance of this act, in manner hereinafter mentioned, without special

sufferance or leave first had from the commissioners or officers of his

Majesty's customs, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods,

wares, and merchandises, so laden or discharged, contrary to the true

meaning of this act, or the value thereof; any thing in the before-recited

acts, or any other law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such open places, quays, No Wharfc, &e. or wharfs so to be appointed, shall extend or project above fifteen feet from

the outermost part of the present buildings into the haven. from thr p^cDt

III. And whereas there are certain staiths situate on the west side of the Buildings, river Hull, between Thomas Walton's ship yard, and a certain staith called Proprietor* of Rotten Herring Staith, at which staiths the proprietors thereof have, for Smith* «n the time immemorial, landed and discharged, laden and shipped, goods, wares,

and merchandise: and whereas it is reasonable that this privilege should be DU|(e WhaTf*. continued to the proprietors of the said staiths; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as soon as the bason or dock hereinafter mentioned, and directed to be made, shall be fit for the reception of loaded ships, and not sooner, it shall be lawful for all and every the proprietors of the said staiths, to build and make, at their own expence and charge, commodious quays or wharfs opposite to their said staiths respectively, to be erected upon piles of wood, and not otherwise, and to project into the haven of the said river Hull fifteen feet, to be open at all times to the officers of his Majesty's revenue, by a free and clear communication with the common staiths adjoining; on which quays or wharfs, when so made and erected, it shall be lawful to ship off. land, and discharge all goods called sufferance goods; that is to say, lead, hemp, iron, flax, yam, timber, raff, and all other goods and merchandise whatever, which are permitted to be shipped off or landed in the port of London, as sufferance goods, and under the like regulations. *

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Dr*in* emptying common sewers or drains, which shall empty themselves into the said haven into the Haven io in the length of the quays or wharfs above described, shall be secured, at bewared at lhe the end next the river, with strong iron bars, not more than two inches Lnd* asunder; any thing above contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said quays or wharfs shall be Regulation* in

erected upon two rows of piles only, except where the foundation of the building the ground appears to be such as to require a larger number of rows, which Ac.

number shall, in case of dispute, be settled and determined by two able disinterested engineers, to be appointed, one by the commissioners for executing this act, or any thirteen or more of them, and the other by the

trustees of the Holderness drainage, hereafter mentioned, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby respectively required to appoint such engineers accordingly; and the determination of such engineers shall be final and conclusive.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the pro- Proprietor* of prietors of the said staiths shall, and they are hereby required, within St#uh»to remove eighteen calendar months after the first sufferance quay or wharf shall have beyond 35 Feet been erected or built, in pursuance of this act, to cleanse, scour, open, from the outer, deepen, wideu, or cut through and take away, at their own costs and most Parts of the charges, all banks, hills, earth, soil or rubbish, beyond thirty-five feet from SUrl1 *

the outermost part of the staiths or warehouses already built and erected upon the west side of the haven of the said river Hull, as low as low-water mark, from Thomas Walton's ship yard to Rotten Herring Staith; and also to make and preserve the beach in such manner that the same may slope or For farther pvov irises aflbctisg Proprietors sf Staith *, ass 13Gso III c. M SI. he. post.

240

14 Geo. III.

c. 56.

Low-water Mark to be determined by Two Engineer*.

In i a*e the Engineer* disagree, a Kef, -ree to be

nominated.

In cine of the Death or Refuaal to act of Mr. Tofield or Mr. Grundy, other* to be chosen.

Penalty on Proprietor* not removing Banks, &c. beyoud 35 Feet Distance of the SUilb*.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

batter two feet at least for every foot of perpendicular rise from the said low-water mark in the said haven, to within fifteen feet of the present staiths or warehouses, and so as at the level of the ground, without the said distance of thirty-five feet from the present staiths or warehouses, shall be equal in a line or height with the said low-water tnark.

VII. And, in order to prevent disputes about the line or height of the said low-water mark, be it further enacted, That the same shall be settled and determined, within twelve calendar months after the passing of this act, by Thomas Tofield and John Grundy esquires.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Tofield and John Grundy shall not agree, then it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to nominate some other engineer to be an umpire or referee; and the determination of the said Thomas Tofield, John Grundy, and the said other engineer, or any two of them, as to the low-water mark in the Baid haven, shall within twenty days after the same shall have been agreed upon, be set forth, in writing, and one copy thereof signed by them, or any two of them, shall be delivered to the commissioners for executing this act, or their clerk, and another copy thereof to the trustees for executing two several acts, made in the fourth and sixth years of his present Majesty's reign, for draining certain low grounds and carrs in Holderness, in the East Riding of the county of York, or to their clerk; and the said determination shall be final and conclusive as to the line or height of the said low-water mark.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Tofield shall die, or refuse or neglect to act, then it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees for draining the said low grounds and carrs in Holderness, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, within two months after such death, refusal, or neglect shall be known, to nominate and appoint one other engineer, of known abilities and reputation, and not concerned in any office or trust under the said trustees, in the room of the said Thomas Tofield; or in case the said John Grundy shall die, or refuse or neglect to act, then it shall and may be lawful for the said commissionere for executing this act, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby required, within two months after such death, refusal, or neglect shall be known, to nominate and appoint one other engineer of known abilities and reputation, and not concerned in any office or trust under the said commissioners, in the room of the said John Grundy; and the person or persons so respectively nominated and appointed, shall have the same power and authority to determine the line or height of the said low-water mark, as the person or persons, in whose room he or they shall succeed was or were vested with.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the proprietors of the said staiths shall not, within eighteen calendar months after the first sufferance quay or wharf shall have been erected or built, in pursuance of this act, cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away, all banks, hills, earth, soil, or rubbish beyond thirty-five feet from the outermost part of their respective staiths or warehouses as low as the said low-water mark; or to make and preserve the beach, in such manner that the same may slope or batter two feet at least for every foot of perpendicular rise from the low-water mark in the said haven, as shall be settled fay the said engineers, and so as that the level of the ground, without the said distance of thirty-five feet from the present staiths or warehouses, shall be equal in a line with the said low-water mark; or shall, at any time, after that the said slope or batter is made, and after the said banks, hills, earth, soil or rubbish shall be so removed, neglect to keep the same properly sloped, cleansed, scoured, opened, deepened, widened, or cut through and taken away, in manner directed by this act; then and in that case it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners for executing this act, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, within three months after notice or complaint, in writing, shall have been delivered to their clerk or treasurer, signed by the said trustees for draining the said low grounds and carrs in Holderness, or any five or more of theta, from time to time, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away, all banks, hills, earth, soil, or rubbish, beyond thirty-five feet from the outermost part of the staiths or warehouses of any proprietor.

241

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

as low as the sard low-water mark, who shall have neglected so to do in manner hereinbefore directed; and to make and preserve the beach, in such manner that the same may slope or batter two feet at least for every foot of perpendicular rise from the low-water mark in the said haven, and so as that the ground without the said distance of thirty-five feet shall be equal in a line with the height of the said low-water mark; and to levy the costs J and charges attending the same, by distress and sale of any of the goods or chattels of the proprietor so neglecting as aforesaid, or of the occupier or tenant of any of the staiths or warehouses belonging to any such proprietor so neglecting, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said commissioners for executing this act shall, for the space of three months after such notice or complaint, as aforesaid, from the said trustees, neglect or refuse to make such slope or batter, or to remove all banks, hills, earth, soil, or rubbish without the distance and in the manner before mentioned; then and in that case the said commissioners shall, for every month in which they shall neglect or refuse to remove the cause of such complaint, after the expiration of the said three months, forfeit and pay to the said trustees the sum of fifty pounds; which said sum of fifty pounds shall and may be recovered by the said trustees, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information against the said commissioners, with double costs of suit, iu any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the said sum, when recovered by the said trustees, shall be by them applied for the purposes of the said drainage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no trustee for executing the said two acts, made in the fourth and sixth years of his present Majesty's reign, for draining certain low grounds and carrs in Holderness, in the East Riding of the county of York, shall be capable of acting in the execution of any of the powers by this act given to the said trustees, unless he shall be actually possessed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the annual value of fifty pounds; or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of two thousand pounds above reprizes; or shall be heir apparent of a person possessed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the annual value of one hundred pounds; and if any trustee, not so qualified, shall act in the execution of any of the powers by this act given to the said trustees of the Holderness drainage, every such trustee shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with double costs of suit, by any person who will prosecute or sue for the same,

XIII. And whereas there are certain common staiths on the west side of the said river Hull, known or distinguished by the several names of Shields Staith, Salters Lane Staith, New Staith, Chapel Lane Staith, Bishop Lane Staith, Scale Lane Staith, Church Lane Staith, Rotten Herring Staith, Horse Staith, and two other common Staiths, in a place in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull called The Ropery, which, for time immemorial, have been repaired by the mayor and burgesses of the same town; be it therefore enacted. That the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, shall be deemed the proprietors of all and every the last-mentioned staiths, for the purposes of this act; and shall have the like power to build or make quays or wharfs opposite such staiths, and to use, hold, and enjoy the same, in like manner as any other proprietor is enabled to do by virtue of this act; hut nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the free landing of any such goods, materials, or other things, merchandise excepted, as have been accustomed heretofore to be landed at any such common staiths, free of wharfage to the proprietors of the said staiths.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the owner or proprietor of any quay or wharf, so to be set out am aforesaid, shall not conform to the rules and measures hereby prescribed and directed, or shall at any time discontinue or alter the same, or make new encroachments, contrary to the provisions of this act, and after public notice thereof given by the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, by fixing up a writing, under their hands, where the fault shall be committed, declaring the offence, and limiting a day and time for the amendment thereof, shall not cause the

14 Geo. III. c. 56.

Penalty 50£. on Commissioners neglecting to remove Banks,

&LC.

Qualification of Trustees.

Penalty 50£. on Trustees acting, not being duly qualified.

Corporation deemed Pro-

Srietors of certain taiths on the West Side the River.

Owners not conforming to Rulea, to lose their Privileges.

242

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

14 Geo. III. e. 5fl.

Company no.

Kwered within ven Yuri to nuke a lluson, With Reservoir *, kc.

If the Company do not provide Quays within the limited Time, the King to appoint them by ComBiawon.

Company's

Name.

same to be amended and removed accordingly; then such quay or wharf shall from thenceforth be no more deemed and taken to be or have the benefit or privilege of a lawful place for shipping, lading, or landing any goods or merchandise, but shall be utterly debarred thereof, unless restored by his Majesty's special warrant; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it is necessary that a bason or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, shall be made and provided, and regulations established for the proper using thereof, and for the general benefit of all persons concerned in the commerce of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the company hereinafter mentioned and described, and they are hereby empowered and required, within the space of seven years from and after the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to make a bason or dock, to extend from the river Hull to a certain place in the said town of Kingstou-upon-Hull called The Beverley gates, or as near thereto as conveniently may be, and to make the same in all parts equal in depth to the bed of the river, or at least within fifteen inches of the same, for the admission of the loaded ships, and of such width at the least as the ground granted by this act will admit; and that the said company shall and may likewise cause to be made and provided such reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and other works, requisites, matters, and things, as they shall from time to time adjudge necessary, for the more convenient use of the said bason or dock, and for the general benefit of shipping, and of the trade and commerce of the said port; and the said company shall and may also build or cause to be built, within the said space of seven years, a quay or wharf, of a sufficient and convenient length, for the trade and business of the said town and port, which shall range along the side of the said bason or dock next the town; which quay or wharf shall be deemed and taken to be a legal quay or wharf, for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise, and shall be of the same effect, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said quay or wharf had been erected and set out by virtue of his Majesty's commission issuing out of the court of exchequer in England; and that from and immediately after the expiration of twelve calendar months after the said bason or dock shall be finished, the practice in the said port of examining and discharging goods on board of ships and vessels shall cease and determine.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if the company hereinafter named shall not build and complete the quay or wharf, along the side of the said bason or dock, in the manner hereinbefore described, and within the time for that purpose above-mentioned, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by his and their commission or commissions out of the court of exchequer in England, to assign and appoint such open places, keys, and wharfs, within any part of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the same manner and with the like powers, and subject to the like rules and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as lawful keys and wharfs are set out and appointed in other ports of this kingdom, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas the several persons, bodies corporate and politic, hereinafter named, are willing to begin, carry on, and complete the said bason or dock, and quay or wharf adjoining thereto, and to make and provide such reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and other works, as shall be necessary for accomplishing the design and good purposes intended by this act, in manner and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter mentioned and contained; Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor and burgesses of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity-House of Kingston-upon-Hull; Joseph Sykes, Josiah Corthine, Joseph Willtamsoa, Henry Maister, Samuel Watson, Henry Etherington, John Porter, John Lambert, Benjamin Blaydes Thompson, John Dixon, Richard Howard, John Howard, Isaac Broadley, William Waller, Joseph Pease, William Welfitt, Hugh Ker, George Fowler, Edward Codd, Robert Thorley, William Travis, Joseph Outraxn, John Staniforth, Thomas Haworth, Thomas 8 tack,

Class I.J

Ship Docks and Quays.

243

14 Geo. 1U. c. 58.

Valentine Budd, Robert Markland, William King, Thomas Turner, William Hammond, and all and every other person and persons, bodies corporate and politic, who are or shall become subscribers towards the expence of carrying on the works hereby intended, their several and respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, together with such person or persons as they or the major part of them shall at any meeting, assembled by writing under their hands and seals, nominate and appoint, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be united into a company, with full power and authority, from time to time, to direct the making, completing, supporting, altering, and maintaining, such bason or dock, and quay or wharf adjoining thereto, and also such reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and other works, requisites, matters, and things, as they shall think proper, to answer the intent and meaning of this act; and shall for those purposes be one body politic and corporate, by the name of The Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull, and by that name shall have perpetual succession, and shall have a common seal, and by that name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have power and authority to purchase lands to them and their successors and assigns, for the use of the said works, without incurring any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statutes of mortmain.

XVIII. And whereas, in order to promote an undertaking so beneficial Crown Land

with respect to his Majesty's revenue, so useful to navigation, and so con- J£*"lepfor 1, 18 ducive to the advancement and security of commerce, his Majesty hath bee* ove urpo#% most graciously pleased to signify his royal consent to grant and appropriate for the purposes before mentioned, and no other, all that piece or /

parcel of ground, being part of the land belonging to his Majesty's military

works at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, called the Town's Ditches, from low-water mark, in the river Hull, leading through and contiguous to the ship yards at the north end of the same town of Kingston-upon-Hull, now in the several occupations of Alderman Benjamin Blaydes and Master Thomas Walton, extending from thence south-west to Beverley gates, and southward as far as Hessle gates in the said town, and from thence eastward to a place called Harry Ogle's Tower, in Kingstou-upon-Hull aforesaid, together with, and including the gates, walls, buildings, inner and outer ditches, ramparts, bastions, bridges and bridge-ways, and all other works and things which at the passing of this act are, or heretofore did belong to or were deemed a part of his Majesty's said military works; and all such other buildings and erections as shall at the time of passing this act be thereon (excepting such part thereof as shall, within six calendar months next after the passing of this act, be described with marks or stakes, to be used for the purpose of building a custom-house, with warehouses necessary for the same, under the direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them) Be it therefore further enacted, by authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the said piece or parcel of Ground, buildings, works, matters, and things, and all other the premises last before mentioned, and particularly described (except as before excepted) shall be and remain, and the same are hereby given and granted, and shall be applied and appropriated for and to the uses and purposes before mentioned, and for the necessary purposes relative thereto, and no other, freed and discharged of and from all claim, right and title whatsoever of his Majesty, in right of his crown, his heirs and successors for ever; subject nevertheless to the yearly rent of five shillings, and no more, to be paid by the said company to his Majesty and his successors, in lieu of all rents, services, and duties whatsoever

XIX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all and Occupiers of tbo every the several and respective occupiers and persons inhabiting, using, or other Building* carrying on any trade or business in or about any such other buildings or ^wrilftodlllvlr erectious, which, at the time of passing this act, shall be upon any part of pomoBionon the said ground belonging to his Majesty's said military works, and hereby RtfumL appropriated for the purposes of this act, shall, and they and every of them

are hereby severally and respectively strictly enjoined and required to surrender and relinquish the same, and peaceably and quietly to deliver up the possession thereof to the said company, or to such person or persons as they shall authorize to take possession thereof; and in case any such occupier or occupiers, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall not deliver

244

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

14 Geo. 111. c. 56.

No Buildings to be erected thereon till the lUson, Sec. be completed.

If Works are not completed in a certain Time, the Land to revert to the Crown.

up such possession as aforesaid, before the expiration of three calendar months next after being thereunto required, by a notice, under the seal of the said company, left at the premises respectively, or given to or left at the last or usual place of abode of the person or persons who shall be so required to deliver up possession, then it shall be lawful for the said company to issue a precept or precepts, under their seal, to the sheriff of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to cause possession of the respective premises to be delivered to such person or persons as shall be in such precept or precepts nominated to receive possession of the same, and also to direct the said sheriff to levy such costs as shall accrue by means of the issuing and execution of every such precept, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons who shall have refused or neglected to deliver up such possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to pay the same costs; and such sheriff is hereby required to deliver possession, and levy such costs in manner aforesaid.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That no building shall be erected by the said company on the grounds hereby granted, except for the convenience and benefit of carrying on the said works, until after the bason and other works hereinbefore mentioned shall be completed; and if it shall be then judged necessary to erect any buildings thereon, no such buildings shall be erected nearer than forty feet to the scite of the present old wall.

XXI. And whereas it is necessary, that legal open quays or wharfs, and likewise the other works and conveniences directed and authorised to be made and provided by the company establised by this act, should be built, made, and completed with expedition; Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the expiration of seven years from the said thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or at any shorter space of time, when the said bason and works shall be declared by the said company to be finished, the several works then made and done by the said company, by virtue and under the direction of this act, shall be surveyed and enquired into by two able and experienced engineers or surveyors, one of whom shall be nominated and appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, under the hands of any four or more of them, and the other by the said company, under their seal; and if such engineers or surveyors shall, in any case, differ in opinion, and shall declare the same in writing, under their hands, they shall immediately by such writing name some skilful person to be the umpire between them, who shall determine the matter in dispute, and his determination shall be final; and the said engineers or surveyors, with the assistance of such umpire, when necessary, shall make an award, under their hands and seal *, of the progress that shall then have been had and taken in making the quay or wharf, bason or dock, and all other works by this act meant or intended to be built, made, provided, and done by the said company; and if it shall appear to the said engineers, or surveyors, upon such survey and enquiry, that the said several works and things, or any part or parts thereof, shall not be completed, that then the said engineers or surveyors shall describe in writing under their hands, to be delivered to the said company, what works shall remain undone, or unfinished, that shall be necessary or requisite to be done and completed, within the intent and meaning of this act; all which works the said company are hereby directed and required to cause to be done, made and completed, as soon thereafter as the several and respective circumstances will admit; and in case of neglect or failure therein, and upon the same being reported to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, under the hands and seals of two engineers or surveyors, to be nominated and appointed in manner herinbefore mentioned, unless it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, that the said works, or any part or part* thereof, shall not have been completed, through some unavoidable accident; and likewise unless his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be graciously pleased to signify his royal consent, that the time for completing the said several works shall be further continued and extended; that then and in such case all the ground, and the several works, matters, and things, and all other the premises hereinbefore granted, or intended to be granted, to the company hereinbefore constituted, for the uses and purposes hereinbefore mentioned, shall revert to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and it shall

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

245

and may be lawful for the collector and comptroller of the customs at King-iton-upon-Hull aforesaid, by the direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, for the time being, to enter upon and take possession of the same for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, any thing hereinbefore contained, or auy grant thereof to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company shall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, well and sufficiently repair, maintain, support, and cleanse the bason or dock, and the quay or wharf, and all other the works, matters and things by them to be made, built, and provided by virtue of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the said company shall have power, and they ure hereby authorised and required, to cause to be made, supported and repaired, a road forty feet wide at the least, proper for the passage of cattle, carriages, and foot passengers, to lead in such manner, and in such direction as they shall think most convenient, from Beverley gate aforesaid, on the north side of the dock hereby intended to be made, to the bridge called the North Bridge, and from the same North Bridge, in such direction likewise, and in such manner, as to them shall seem most proper, into the town of Kinston-upon-Hull aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said company, and such persons as shall be employed by them, are hereby empowered to dig, gather, take, and carry away any stones, gravel, sand, or other materials proper for the making or repairing of the said roads, and for paving the said quays and wharfs, out of or from any waste ground or common, without paying any thing for the same; such persons filling up the pits or quarries, levelling the ground, or sloping down the banks, where such materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such pits or quarries, so that the same may not be dangerous to passengers or cattle; and also the said persons may, by order of the said company, search for, dig, gather, take, and carry away, for any the purposes aforesaid, cobbles from any part of the sea shore; and likewise all such other materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the lands of any person or persons (not being a yard, garden, park, paddock, planted walk, or avenue to any house, or an inclosed ground, planted and set apart as a nursery for trees) paying or tendering payment for the privilege of taking such cobbles, and for the damage done, to the owners and occupiers respectively of the grounds where or from whence any materials shall be digged, gathered, taken, or carried away, or upon, over, or through which the same or any other materials so dug and gathered as aforesaid shall be conveyed, such equivalent in money as the said company shall adjudge reasonable: and in case of any difference between the said company, or other persons employed as aforesaid, and the owners or occupiers of private lands or property, or any of them, concerning such payments and damages as aforesaid, the justices of the peace, at their next general quarter sessions, or at the second general quarter sessions at the farthest, to be hoi den for the East Riding of the county of York, on ten days notice thereof being given in writing by either party to the other, shall hear, settle and determine the matter of such payment and damages; and the judgment or order of the said justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all parties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the ground and premises hereinbefore given and granted, and all gates, walls, ditches, ramparts, bastions, bridges, bridgeways, buildings, erections, and other matters and things thereon and thereunto belonging or appertaining, subject to the reversion hereinbefore limited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and also all basons or docks, reservoirs, quays, wharfs, works, buildings, and other requisites, roads, ways, matters and things, which shall be made, built, provided or established, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, (except such quays or wharfs, or other works, as shall be made or erected, by virtue of this act, by any of the proprietors of staiths in the baven of the said river Hull) shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said dock company, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to bring actions, or to prefer bills of indictment against any person or persons who shall damage or Injure any of the works to be made, erected, or established by virtue of this act, (except as before excepted) or shall steal,

14 Geo. III. c. 56.

Company to repair, flic, the Premises.

Company to make a Hoad fnnn Beverley Gate to North Bridge.

Material* for Ruadsand paving the Quays, how to be got.

Justices to determine all Differences.

Ground, Bason, Ike. vested in the

Company.

C.

246

14 Geo. 111. c. 56.

Ship Docks and Quays.

[Part IV.

First Meeting of Um Company.

Prorfo

Clerk and Treasurer, after rhoaen, to gire Security.

The 8am of 15,0001. granted out of the Revenues of Customs, to be applied in Aid of the Work *

or wrongfully take away any of the ston^. iron, utensils, or materials, provided for or used therein, or for any oilier the purposes of this act, or who shall wilfully do, or suffer, or consent to any thing, whereby damage may accrue to the said basons, quays, wharfa, reservoirs, sluices, bridges, works, matters, and things, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof except as aforesaid; and that the like remedies which are so given to the said company, with respect to the premises so vested in them, shall be, and are hereby given to, and may he pursued by the several proprietors of the said staiths, with respect to the quays or wharfs which shall be so made or erected by them; and all the damages which shall be recovered by the said company, by any such suit or prosecution, after deducting the costs of suit, shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the said dock company shall meet together in the guild-hall in Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, upon that day month next after the passing of this act, whereof fourteen days notice shall be given in the church of the Holy Trinity in the same town, upon a Sunday immediately after divine service, and in the York Courant, or some other public newspaper circulated in that neighbourhood, and also fixed at the exchange, or other public place in Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and proceed to the execution of this act; and that all subsequent meetings of the said company shall be held at such time and place, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, as shall from time time be ascertained at the preceding meeting, and shall be appointed by a notice to be signed from time to time by any three or more of the said company, or their clerk or treasurer, and fixed at the said exchange, or other public place, and delivered to or left at the usual or last place of abode of such of the said company as shall be resident within the said tow n, or the liberties or precincts thereof, three days at the least before every such meeting; and that all orders and determinations of the baid company, shall be at meetings held by virtue of this act, and not otherwise: provided always, that if it shall at any time appear, to any seven or more of the said company, that, for any of the purposes of this act, a special meeting of the said company shall be necessary to be held, it shall be lawful fur such seven or more of them, to cause notice to be given thereof in the said church in manner aforesaid, and in the York Courant, or such other public newspaper as aforesaid, and by notice in writing, affixed at the said exchange, or other public place as aforesaid, declaring, in all such notices, the place within the said town, and the time when such meeting shall be desired to be held, the time not being less than six davs after such notice given, and likewise specifying, in every such notice, the reason for and intention of such meetings respectively; and the said company are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such notices, and proceed to the execution of the powers by this act given them, with respect to the matters so specified, and not otherwise; and all such acts and proceedings of the said company at such meetings shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been done at meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company shall, at their first or some subsequent meeting, appoint a clerk or clerks, collector or collectors, receiver or receivers, and a treasurer or treasurers, for the purposes of this act, taking such security for the faithful execution of their respective offices as the said company shall think fit; and out of the money raised by virtue of this act may pay or allow unto such persons such salaries or recompence, yearly or otherwise, for their trouble, as to the said company shall seem meet and reasonable; and may revoke and countermand, alter and vary, such nominations and appointments, and salaries or recompence, and make others in their stead, or not, as to them shall seem meet and proper; and that the collector or collectors so to be appointed shall have and enjoy a convenient seat or place in the custom-house of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the execution of his and their office.

XXVIII. And, in order to facilitate the execution of the works by this act authorised and directed to be done, and which will be beneficial to his Majesty's revenue of customs, be it further enacted, That there shall be issued and paid, out of his Majesty's customs at the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, the full sum of fifteen thousand pounds of lawful money of

247

Class I.]

Ship Docks and Quay*.

Great Britain, in manner and on the conditions following-; that is to say, as soon as the said company shall prove, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners of his Majesty's customs for that part of Great Britain called England, or any four or more of them, that they the said company have expended the full sum of ten thousand pounds towards making the said bason or dock, reservoirs, bridges, roads, or other works, by this act authorised or intended to be done, the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall and may direct the collector of his Majesty's customs at the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the time being, to pay to such person or persons as the said company shall, under their seal, authorise to receive the same, out of any monies that shall come to the hands of such collector for the duty of customs, the sum of five thousand pounds, as part of the said sum of fifteen thousand pounds; and when it shall be proved to the commissioners, or any four or more of them, that the said company have expended in the works aforesaid, or any of them, the full sum of twenty thousand pounds, over and above the said sum of five thousand pounds, then the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall, in manner and form aforesaid, direct the said collector to pay as aforesaid, the sum of five thousand pounds, in further part of the said sum of fifteen thousand pounds; and that when it shall be made appear to the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, by the report of two able and experienced engineers ot surveyors, one of whom to be nominated by the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, under the hands of any four or more of them, and the other by the said dock company, under their seal, that the said company have completed the said works, the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, shall, in manner and form aforesaid, direct the said collector to pay as aforesaid, the further sum of five thousand pounds, being in full of the said sura of fifteen thousand pounds: and in ca*e such engineers or surveyors shall differ in opinion, and shall declare the same in writing, under their hands, they shall immediately, by such writing, name some skilful person to be the umpire between them, who shall determine the matter in dispute; and his determination whether the said works are so completed shall be final and conclusive.

XXIX. And, for further enabling the said company to carry on the necessary works before mentioned; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for them the said dock company to raise and contribute amongst themselves a sum of money for that purpose, provided that the said sum so to be raised doth not exceed the sum of eighty thousand pounds in the whole (except as hereinafter mentioned) and that the same be divided into shares of five hundred pounds each; and that no person or persons, body corporate and politic, subscribing thereto or becoming a proprietor in such works, shall become a proprietor or proprietors of less than one share; and that the several shares, when so subscribed, shall be, and they are hereby vested in the persons and bodies corporate and politic hereinbefore descriued, and their several and respective successors,

1 executors, administrators, and assigns, to their and every of their proper use and behoof, in proportion to the sum they and each of them shall severally and respectively subscribe and pay thereunto; and all and every the said shares shall be deemed to be personal estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the nature of real property; and the said persons, bodies corporate and politic, their several and respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay in the sum of five hundred pounds, or such sum or sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the works aforesaid, shall be entitled to and receive, after the said works shall be completed, the entire and net distribution of one proportionable part according to the sum so subscribed, of the profits and advantages that shall and may arise, and accrue, by virtue of the sum and sums of money to be raised, recovered or received by the authority of this act, and so in proportion for any greater number of shares; and each of the said persons, bodies corporate and politic, having such property of one five hundred pounds share in the said undertaking, and so in proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay an adequate proportional sum of money towards carrying on the said undertaking in manner hereinafter enacted and appointed. *

Company empowered to crnti thirty new shares, sea 42 Geo. 111. e. 91, s. 32, post aid thirty mors shares by 4ft Geo. 111. c. 42. s. ft, post.

14 Geo. III. e. 56.

Company empowered to raise Money amoogst themselves.

14 Geo. IU. c. 56.

Suh«rrilM*n* to have , i \ uie f»r f»ffy Share, by tlieroswlves or Proxies.

If a sufficient Number of the G*mpany do not attend, the Meeting to adjourn.

Additional Sum of 20,000£ to be raided, if necessary.

Rate* may be assigned lor Fay menu

Form of Argument

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, bodies corporate and politic, who shall, by virtue of this act, have subscribed or undertaken for one five hundred pounds share of the said eighty thousand pounds, shall be deemed a proprietor or proprietors for so much, and shall have a vote in every public meeting to be held by the said company by virtue of this act, which vote may be given by the said respective persons, bodies corporate and )>olitic, either by themselves or by their proxy or proxies (every such proxy being a proprietor in the said undertaking) duly constituted under the seal of the respective bodies corporate and politic, 9 and under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of all other proprietors; and such vote or votes by proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all intents and purposes, as if such principal or principals had voted in person; and any person or persons, bodies corporate and politic, who shall have one or more such share or shares, shall have liberty by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their proxy or proxies regularly constituted as aforesaid, to give one vote for each such share, not exceeding ten such shares for each such body corporate and politic, and not exceeding two such sharses for any one other proprietor; and whatever question, matter or thing, shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any public meeting of the said company to be held by virtue of this act, shall be finally determined by the majority of votes and proxies then present, computing one vote for every share to the extent aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, That if at any public meeting of the said company, there shall not be present, either as principals or proxies, proprietors of forty-one shares, then the said meeting shall be deemed to be adjourned to that day sevennight, at the same place where such meeting was appointed to be held.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said sum of eighty thousand pounds, hereinbefore authorised to be raised, shall not be raised as aforesaid, or shall be found insufficient for the making and completing the said bason or dock, and quay or wharf adjoining thereto, reservoirs, slnices, bridges, roads, and other the works hereby authorised to be made, and for all necessary charges and expences relating thereunto; then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said company to borrow and take up at interest, on the credit of the rates and duties by this act granted, such sum or sums of money as shall be sufficient to make up the said sum of eighty thousand pounds, so to be raised as aforesaid, and also such further sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty thousand pounds, for completing and perfecting the said works; and the said company are hereby fully authorized and empowered to assign over the rates and duties arising by virtue of this act, or any part thereof, (the costs and charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such rates aod duties,) as a security for any such sum or sums of money to be borrowed, with interest, to such person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance the same by the following words of assignment, or by any other words to the same effect; videlicet,

" By virtue of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, 4 for making and establishing lawful " quays or wharfs in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull and other purposes u we the dock company at Kingston-upon-Hull, in consideration of the " sum of of lawful British money to us in band paid

M by do assign unto the said his,

" her, or their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, all and " singular the rates and duties arising by virtue of the said act, and also " all the estate, right, title, and interest of the said company, of, in and " unto the same, to bold unto the said his, her, or

" their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, until the said " sum of together with the interest for the same,

" after the rate of per centum per annum shall be repaid/ '

And all and every person and persons, bodies corporate and politic, to whom such assignment or assignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled to their proportion of the said rates and duties, according to tho respective sums in such assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure

" Mayor sod Barrow and Trinity House to rota by tho Mayor ui Warden, are 4t Geo. 111. c. »!, a 34, port.

Class 1.] Ship Docks and Quays. 249

the repayment thereof, with the Interest as aforesaid, without any pre- 14 Geo. III. ference by reason of priority of assignment, or on any other account what-

soever; and the money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied for making, completing, and maintaining the said bason or dock, quay or wharf adjoining thereto, reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and other works authorised by this act, and in carrying the same, and the several provisions, powers, and authorities herein contained, into effectual execution.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That AMiganwnt to be entries or memorials of every such assignment or assignments, containing entered in eBook, the dates, names of the parties, and sums of money borrowed, shall be made

in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said company; which said book or books shall and may be perused, at all seasonable times, by auy of the proprietors or creditors of the said undertaking, or otheT persons interested therein, without fee or reward; and that all and every person and persons, body corporate or politic, to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the money thereby secured, may from time to time assign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, or benefit to the said principal and interest money thereby secured, to any person or persons, body corporate or politic whatsoever, by indorsing on the back of such security, before one credible witness, the following words, or words to the like effect; viz.

" I do transfer this assignment, with all my right and title to the prin- porni of " cipal money hereby secured, and to all the interest now due, or Trauafer.

" hereafter to be due, unto C. D. his, her, or their executors, adminis trators, successors, and assigns. Dated this day of

A. B."

" Witness, E. F."

Which transfer shall, within twenty days after the date thereof, be produced and notified to the said clerk, who shall cause an entry or memorial to be made thereof, containing the date, names of the parties, and sums of money therein transferred, in the said book or books to be kept for the entering the said original assignments, for which the said clerk shall be paid the sum of one shilling; and after such entry made, but not until then, every such assignment shall entitle such assignee, his, her, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such assignee may assign again, and totie* quo ties; but in case any sum so assigned shall not exceed the sura of one hundred pounds, it shall be lawful for the person or persons entitled to such assignment respectively, by an indorsement of his, her, or their proper names, without witness, to transfer his, her, or their property in such assignment to any other person or persons, without an entry to be made thereof in the said book or books; and all such last-mentioned transfers or assignments shall entitle such assignee, his, her, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such assignee may in like manner assign or transfer the same again, and toties quo ties; and it shall not be in the power of any such person or persons, who shall have made any such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The Int<>re*t of That the interest of the money which shall be borrowed by mortgage of the rowI5°toyheraid rates or duties as aforesaid, shall be paid half-yearly to the several parties Half-yearly. P entitled thereto, in preference of any interest or dividends due and payable

by virtue of this act to the said company, or any of them, and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged or provided for, before the yearly or other interest or dividends due to the said company, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall The Mayor and be lawful for the mayor and burgesses of the town or borough of Kingston- BnrR*i f c' upon-Hull, the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots seamen of the i*V«SuMw Shares Trinity-House of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the master, brethren, and sisters in the Work* of the house ot hospital, nigh Kingston-upon-Hull, called God's House of made by this Hull, and they th£ said three bodies corporate and politic are hereby, each AcL

-»f them, severally and respectively fully authorised, enabled, and em-po weTed, with the money or effects belonging to such respective corpora-

i i

250

14 Geo. HI. c. 56.

The Charter Hour? to hold Two Share *, and the C<>r|K)ralioii» Ten Share* each.

Company may make Cal In; hat at F*'iir Month* Distant e at least.

Persons omitting o pay their Proportions to forfeit b£. per Cent.

And if for Two Months the Share to be forfeited.

No Share to be deemed forfeited till after 8m Mooths Notice given to Die Person concerned.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV,

tions, to become subscribers to or to purchase shares in the undertaking established by this act, on account of and for the benefit of their respective corporations; any ordinance, statute, law, charter, grant, or other matter or thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said master, brethren, and sisters of the house or hospital, nigh Kingston-upon-upon-Hull, called God's House of Hull, shall be, and they are hereby declared, incapable of holding or being possessed of more than two such shares; and the said other two bodies corporate and politic shall be, and they are hereby declared incapable of holding or being possessed of more than ten such shares each, at one and the same time, except such respective shares shall come by gift or bequest; and that no person or persons, body corporate and politic, who shall purchase any such share or shares, shall be admittted to vote for the same, either by themselves or proxy, until such person or persons, body corporate and politic, shall have been in possession of such purchased share or shares for the full term of six calendar months.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company shall have power from time to time to call for, audit, and settle all accounts of money laid out and disbursed for the purposes of this act, with the receivers and other officers and persons employed under the authority of this act, and to make such call or calls of money from the proprietors of shares, to defray the expences of or carry on the works authorised or directed by this act to be done by the said company, as they from time to time shall find wanting and necessary for those purposes, so that no call do exceed the sum of ten pounds for every hundred pounds, and so as no call to that amount be made, but at the distance of four calendar months at the least from each other; which money, so called for, shall be paid to such person or persons, and in such manner, as the said company shall from time to time appoint or direct, for the use of the said undertaking; and every the owner or owners of one or more share or shares in the said undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their shares or proportions of the monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such time and place as shall be appointed for that purpose, of which two calendar months notice at least shall be given by publishing the same in the said church of the Holy Trinity in the said town, and by notice in writing to be affixed on the exchange or other public place in the said town, and by publishing the same in the York Courant, or other newspaper as aforesaid; and if any person or persons, body corporate or politic, shall neglect or refuse to pay their rateable or proportionable part or share of the said money to be called for as aforesaid, at the time and place to be appointed by the said company, the person or persons, body corporate or politic, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every hundred pounds of their respective share and shares, parts and interests, in the said undertaking and premises; and in case such person or persons, body corporate and politic, shall neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable part or share of the said money to be called for as aforesaid, for the space of two calendar months after the time appointed for payment thereof as aforesaid; then the person or persons, body corporate or politic, so neglecting, shall forfeit his, her, and their respective shares, parts, and interests, in the said undertaking and premises, to be recovered by an action at law, to be brought in the name of the said company, against the party or parties so ueglecting, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns; all which forfeitures shall go to the rest of the proprietors, their successors and assigns, in trust for, and for the benefit of all the rest of the said proprietors, in proportion to their respective interests.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no advantage shall be taken of any forfeiture of any such share or shares, till after notice in writing shall have been left with some officer of the respective corporation, or personal notice to the owner, or notice in writing left at his or her usual or last place of abode, nor unless the same shall he declared to be forfeited, at some meeting of the said company, to be held within six calendar months next after such forfeiture shall happen to be made; and every such forfeiture shall be an indemnification to and for every proprietor and proprietors so forfeiting,

Two corporation* empowered to purchase ten additional eharet each, by 42 Geo. III. c. 91, a 39, po*U

251

against all action and actions, suits or prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any breach of contract, or other agreement betwixt such proprietor or proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said works,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the owner or owners of any such share or shares shall die before such call or calls shall have beeu made, for the full sum to be advanced on each share, which he, she, or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made provision by writing or otherwise, how such share or shares shall be disposed of, and the money paid in upon calls for the future; then and in such case, the executors or administrators of any such owner dying, and the trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians, of any infant, or other person or persons whatsoever, entitled to the estate or effects of such owner deceased, shall be indemnified against all and every such infant or infants, or other persons whatsoever, for paying any sum of money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such subscription; and if such owner deceased shall not have left assets sufficient, or in case the executor, administrator, trustee, or guardian, shall refuse or neglect to answer such calls and payments, the said company shall be, and are hereby empowered authorised and required, to admit any other person or persons to be' proprietor or proprietors of the share or shares of such owner deceased, on condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such admission, pay to the executors or administrators of such deceased owner, or the trustee or trustees, guardiau or guardians, of any infant, or others entitled to his or her effects, the full sum and sums of money which shall have been paid by such owner in his or her life-time, by virtue of any call or calls, or otherwise, upon such share or shares, or such other sum or sums Of money as the same can be sold for.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the several proprietors of any such share or shares, to sell and dispose thereof, subject to the rules and conditions herein mentioned; and any purchaser or purchasers shall, for his, her, or their security, as well as that of such proprietor or proprietors, have a duplicate or duplicates of the deed of assignment or conveyance made unto him, her, or them, and executed by such person or persons, of whom he, she, or they, shall purchase the same, and also by the purchaser or purchasers; one part whereof, duly executed both by the seller and purchaser, shall be delivered to the clerk to the said company for the time being, to be filed and kept for the use of the said company, and an entry thereof shall be made in a book or books to be kept by the said clerk for that purpose, for which no more than oue shilling shall be paid; and the said clerk is hereby required to make such entry accordingly, and until such duplicate of such deed shall be so delivered unto the said clerk, and filed and entered as above directed, such purchaser or purchasers shall have no part or share of the* profits of the said undertaking, or money raised by virtue of this act, or any interest for such share, or any vote as proprietor or proprietors.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said shares shall be sold, assigned, and transferred, in the form, or to the effect following; to wit,

" I A. B. in consideration of paid to me by C. D. do

" hereby bargain, self, assign, and transfer, to the said C. D. bis, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns,

' shares, (as the case is) in the undertaking for making a bason or dock, quay or wharf, reservoir, and other works in the port of King- ston-upoo-Hull, to hold to him the said C. D. his executors, administrators, and assigns, subject to the same rules and orders, and on " the same conditions, that I held the same immediately before the " execution hereof; and I the said C. D. do hereby agree to accept " thereof, subject to the same rules, orders, and conditions. Witness " our hands and seals the day of in the year of our

" Lord

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in consideration of the great charges and expences which the making, building, erecting, and providing such bason or dock, quay or wharf, reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and works, and the supporting, maintaining

14 Geo. HI. c. 6rt.

When Subscribe nolie before their Shares be complete*!,

Exec uton* may complete the Payment

How Sham may be <)i*|H>!*e<| of by the Proprietor*.

Form of the Sale add Transfer.

Afte» Dec. 31, 177 I, C*>ni|MuV' may take Hale* for Shipping.

252

Ship Docks and Quays. [part IV.

14 Geo. HI. c. 66.

Phipc of W»r, fcc. excepted.

The Rates.

Rates rested In the Company.

Ships drore in by Stress of weather, or Enemy, tic. not to be liable to Rates.

and keeping the same in repair for the future, will amount unto, there shall be payable and paid from and after the said thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, to the said company, or to their collectors or deputies, for their use, for every ship or vessel (the king's ships of war, and other ships and vessels employed in his Majesty's service, only excepted) coming into or going out of the said harbour, bason, or docks, within the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, or unlading or putting on shore, or lading or taking on board, any of their cargo, or any goods, wares, or merchandise, within the said port, by the master or commander, owner or owners, of every such ship or vessel, the several rates or duties of tonnage (according to the full of the reach and burthen) hereafter particularly rated and described; that is to say.

For every ship or vessel coming to or going between the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and any port to the northward of Yarmouth, in Norfolk, or any port to the southward of the Holy Island, for every ton, two pence;

For every ship or vessel coming to or going between the poTt of Kingston-upon-Hull, and any port or place between the North Foreland and Shetland, on the east side of England, except as above, for every ton, the sum of three pence;

For every ship or vessel trading between the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and any other port or place in Great Britain, not before described, for every ton, the sum of sixpence;

For every ship or vessel trading between the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and any port or place in the Baltic Seas, and all other ports or places above the sound, for every ton, the sum of one shilling and three pence;

For every ship or vessel trading between the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and any port or place in Denmark, Sweden, or Norway, below Elsinore, or any port or place in Germany, Holland, Flanders, France, to the eastward of Ushant, Ireland, the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for every ton, the sum of ten pence;

For every ship or vessel trading between the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and any island, or port or place of Europe, to the westward of Ushant, without the Streights of Gibraltar, for every ton, the sum of one shilling and three pence;

For every ship or vessel trading between the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull and every port or place in the West Indies, North or South America, Africa, Greenland, or any place to the eastward of the North Cape of Norway, all places within the Streights of Gibraltar, and nil islands and places in the ocean to the southward of Cape Saint Vincent, not hereinbefore named, for every ton, the sum of one shilling and nine pence;

For every foreign ship or vessel coming to or going (with merchandise) from any of the above-named ports or places, double the rates, tonnage, or duties above-mentioned, unless the said ships belong to British owners;

For every ship or vessel sailing coastwise or otherways, and coming into the said haven in ballast to be laid up, for every ton (coasting duty included) the sum of six pence:

Which rates or duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said dock company as their own proper monies, and to and for their own proper use and behoof, for the purposes aforesaid, and shall be paid at the time of such ships or vessels entry inwards, or clearance or discharge outwards; or in case any ships or vessels shall not enter as aforesaid, then at any time before such ships or vessels shall proceed from the said port, at the custom-house in the said port; so as no ship or vessel shall be subject or liable to the payment of the said rates, or duties of any of them, more than once for the same voyage, both out and home, notwithstanding such ship or vessel may go out and return with a loading of goods or merchandise.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend to charge any ship or vessel with the rates or duties aforesaid, which shall be forced into the said port by the enemy, or by receiving damage at sea or otherwise, and shall in the said port discharge or unlade, in order to repair any damage sustained by

253

such ship or vessel, and shall relade the goods and merchandises so dis* charged or unladen, unless such ship or vessel make use of the said dock or bason.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to charge any ship or vessel with the rates or duties aforesaid, or any part thereof, which shall come or go coastwise, from or to any port or place in Great Britain, to or from any place up the rivers Trent or Ouse, within the limits of the port of Hull, as now used, or to or from any other place up the said rivers Trent or Ouse, or any other river which falls into the said rivers, or either of them, or which shall trade between any such port or place in Great Britain, and any such place as aforesaid, within or up the said rivers, or either of them, unless such ship or vessel shall come into or go out of the said bason or dock, or any part of the said harbour or haven called Hull Haven; or shall use the said bason or dock, or quays within the said harbour; or shall unlade or put on shore, or lade or take on board any goods, wares, or merchandise, or any part of the cargo of any such ship or vessel, within any part of the river Humber; or to charge with the said rates or duties, or any part thereof, any such coasting ship or vessel which shall go into, or by the officers of the customs be called into the said harbour or haven, for the sole purpose of being entered or cleared at the custom-house there.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That all goods, wares, and merchandise, which shall be landed or discharged upon any of the quays or wharfs which shall be erected by virtue of this act, shall.be liable to pay, and shall be charged and chargeable with the like rates of wharfage and payments as are usually taken or received for auy goods, wares, or merchandise, loaded or discharged upon any quays or wharfs in the port of London, and shall be paid to the respective company and owners of the said quays or wharfs so to be erected as aforesaid, in like manner as the rates and duties established by this act are hereby directed to be paid,

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all ships and vessels trading or coming to or from the said port or to or from any of the ports and places before mentioned, and liable to the payment of the rates or duties of tonnage by this act imposed, shall be measured in manner following; that is to say, The length shall be taken on a straight line, along the rabbet of the keel of the ship, from the back of the main stern post to a perpendicular line, from the fore part of the main stem under the bowsprit, from which substracting three-fifths of the breadth, the remainder shall be esteemed the just length of the keel, to find the tonnage; and the breadth shall be taken from the outside of the outside plank, in the broadest place of the ship, be it either above or below the main wales, exclusive of all manner of doubling planks that may be wrought upon the sides of the ship; then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth so taken, and that product by half the breath, and dividing the whole by ninety-four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage; according to which rule the tonnage of all such ships and vessels shall be measured and ascertained, and the several rates or duties of tonnage shall thereby be computed and collected accordingly, any custom, practice, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the collector or collectors, or any other person or persons authorised or deputed for that purpose by the said company, to goon board any ship or vessel within the said port, to take the dimensions of such ship or vessel in the manner hereinbefore directed, and to demand, collect, and receive the said rates or duties of tonnage by this apt directed to be paid for such ship or vessel; aDd upon non-payment thereof, such collector or collectors, person or persons, shall and may seize and distrain every such ship or vessel, and all the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereto belonging, or any part thereof, and the same detain and keep, until the rates or duties due or payable on account thereof, and all charges incurred by such seizure and distress, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and in case of neglect or delay in making such payment, for the space of three days after any such distress or distresses shall be taken as aforesaid, that then it shall be lawful for the said collector or collectors, or other person or persons as aforesaid, or

14 Geo. 111. c. 56.

Coasting Vemels

not to pay, unit* they come into the llasoti.

Wharfage Rales.

How Vessels shall be measured.

Persons ant ho. rixed to go on board to measure and collect the Duties,

14 Geo. ni. e. 58.

Penalty on Persona refusing Admeasurement, or eltidins: Pay. mem of Duties.

Customer not to discharge any Vessel till Duties are paid.

Company may lessen the Duties, and raise them again.

Part of the Tonnage Rates to be repaid the Masters of Ships.

Skip Docks and Quays. [part IV.

any of them, to cause such distress or distresses to be appraised by two or more sufficient persons uot interested therein, to be appointed by the said com* j)any, and afterwards to sell the same, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and concerning the said rates or duties of tonnage so neglected or delayed to be paid, for which a distress shall have been taken as aforesaid, as for his or their reasonable charges and expences in the taking and detaining such distress or distresses, and selling the same, or any part thereof, rendering the overplus (if auy) to the master or commander of such ship or vessel, in or from which such distress or distresses shall be so taken.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any master, commander, or other person taking upon himself the command or appearing to be master or commander, or any owner, factor, or consignee of any ship or vessel, shall at any time refuse to have his ship or vessel measured as aforesaid, or shall elude or evade the payment of any rates or duties hereby granted, by any method whatsoever; every master, commander, or other person aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit to the said company the sum of ten pounds, and shall also stand charged with, and be liable to the payment of the said rates and duties.

XLIX. And, to the intent that the said rates or duties may be duly answered and paid; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no customer, collector, receiver of entries of ships, surveyor, searcher, or waiter, or other officer whatsoever, of or concerning the customs of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall hereafter give or make out any coquet or other discharge, or take any report outwards for any ship or vessel trading or coming to the said port, until the rates, duties, and payments hereby granted or payable, by the master or other person taking charge of such ship or vessel, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, shall be paid unto the respective collectors or officers appointed to receive the same as aforesaid; and that such master or masters, or other persons taking charge of such ship or vessel, shall produce an acquittance, under the hand of such collector or officer, testifying the receipt thereof; which receipt such collector or other officer is hereby required to give without fee or reward, upon pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds to the said company, and that very customer, collector, receiver of entries of ships, surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer of or concerning the said customs, making default in any of the matters enjoined them by this act, shall forfeit to the said company the like sum of twenty pounds, both which sums, together with the costs of suit, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, wager of law, privilege, or protection shall be allowed.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said company, at any time or times, upon examining and inspecting the accounts to be kept of, for, or concerning the said bason or dock, quay or wharf, reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and other works and conveniences to be made, erected, and maintained by virtue and in pursuance of this act, to lessen, lower, diminish, or reduce the rates and duties of tonnage hereby granted and made payable* or any of them, and also to advance and raise the same again, in such manner as to them shall from time to time seem meet and expedient; so as the said rates or duties, when so advanced and raised again, do not exceed rates or duties hereinbefore granted, and the rates or duties so lessened or reduced, shall and may, from time to time, be collected, received or recovered by such ways and means as the original rates or duties hereby granted are authorised to be collected, received or recovered, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said rates or duties of tonnage to be collected from ships or vessels as aforesaid, (except only such ships or vessels as shall pass coastwise and be called coasting vessels) shall be deemed and taken to be a port charge, and two third parts thereof shall be repaid to the master, owner, or ship's husband of such ship or vessel, by the merchant ot freighter, merchants or freighters, or by his or their agent or agents, or by the shipper or shippers, receiver *>r receivers of such goods as may be taken on board of any ship or vessel liable to the mid rates or duties of tonnage, in case such ship or vessel hath a

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

255

complete loading, but if not, then only such a part of the said two thirds as the tonnage of the goods on board bears in proportion to the said ship's complete loading; and in case of refusal to repay such rates and duties, or such a proportion thereof as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by action at law, as in other cases of debt.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the collectors, receivers and treasurers, to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall from time to time keep fair and regular accounts of all the monies to be received by virtue of and under the authority of this act, and also of the monies from time to time to be issued, paid, and applied out of the same, expressing therein the time when, and the name of the person or persons from or to whom all such monies are or shall be received, issued, jwid, and applied respectively; and also shall from time to time, when thereunto required by the said company, upon giving ten days notice, to be left at the dwelling-house or usual place of abode of such respective collector, receiver, or treasurer, attend the said company at such time and place, after the said ten days, as shall for that purpose be appointed, and then and there produce to the said company all such books, accounts, and vouchers, concerning and relating to such receipts and payments as aforesaid, as the said company shall order, direct, or appoint to be produced; and in case any such collector, receiver, or treasurer shall, upon such notice given, neglect or refuse to attend, and produce such books, accounts, and vouchers as aforesaid, he and they shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the said company the sum of twenty pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dock company shall hold a general annual meeting, in the guild hall of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, on the second day of February in every year, except when such day shall be Sunday, and in such case on the day following; at which general annual meeting the said company shall call for, audit, and settle all accounts of money received, laid out, and disbursed in the preceding year by virtue and for the purpose of this act, and shall thereupon set down, ascertain, fix, and declare, whether any, and what dividend shall be made from the money which shall have arisen by virtue of this act in the preceding year, amongst the proprietors of shares in the undertaking authorised and established by this act; and the treasurer to the said company shall, within two calendar months after every such annual meeting, draw out a general account in writing of all the receipts and disbursements, as the same were at such meeting settled and allowed, and of the dividend then declared and fixed, and shall cause the same account to be printed; and ball, upon request, deliver a printed copy thereof to the several subscribers, or persons entitled to dividend; the ex pence of printing whereof shall be paid and allowed out of the money arising by virtue of this act; and in case such treasurer shall neglect, omit, or refuse to make out, or print such account, or shall not deliver the same upon such request as aforesaid, he shall, for every offence, forfeit to the said company the sum of ten pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, at their first meeting, or at some subsequent meeting, as soon afterwards as conveniently may be, and in like manner annually afterwards, at a meeting on the twenty-fifth day of March, but if on a Sunday, then the day following, to choose by ballot, nine persons from amongst themselves; and that they the said company shall likewise, at such respective meeting, under their seal, nominate and appoint six inhabitants of the said town, not being members of the said company, or of either of the said corporations; which fifteen persons, together with the mayor of the said town for the time being; two of the aldermen of the said town, to be chosen and appointed by the mayor and aldermen of the said town, or the major part of them, in council assembled; the acting warden of the said guild or brotherhood for the time being; and one elder brother and one assistant of the said guild or brotherhood to be chosen and appointed by the guild or brotherhood, shall be commissioners for the several purposes hereinafter mentioned; and each commissioner, to be chosen by virtue of this act, shall continue in the office of commissioner, until the twenty-fifth of March next after his being so chosen or appointed, and until another shall be chosen in his stead.

14 Geo. HI. c. 56.

Collectors and Treasurers to keep fair Ac. counts, and produce their Vouchers, on Penalty of 20j£.

Company's Aauuuil Meeting.

Treasurer to draw out a General Annual Account, which shall be printed, and delivered to the Subscribers, on Penalty of lOjf.

Commissioners

appointed.

256

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

14 Geo. III. c. 56

New Com mi *, sionera io be choMD.

Dock Mler, &c. incapable of acting aa a Member, wliilat he remains iu Office.

Time and Place of C'ommiaaionen Meeting.

Comroiwionere to make Contrail*.

LV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the nine commissioners, so to be chosen by ballot, or if any of the six commissioners, so to be appointed by the said company, shall, before the expiration of the term for which they shall be respectively chosen, die, or remove from the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or refuse to act, or shall become an alderman or elder brother, or assistant of the said guild or brotherhood; then, and in every such case respectively, it shall be lawful for the said company, and they are herfeby required, from time to time, within one calendar month next after such death, removal, or refusal to act, or appointment as aforesaid, shall be known, to choose or appoint, by the respective methods aforesaid, a commissioner io the room and stead of each commissioner who shall have been chosen by ballot, or appointed as aforesaid, and so dying, reraoving, or refusing to act, or being chosen alderman, or member of the said guild or brotherhood as aforesaid; and that upon the death, removal, or refusal to act, of any of the said commissioners, to be appointed by the said corporations respectively, it shall be lawful for the said mayor and aldermen, and for the said guild or brotherhood, or the major part of them respectively; and they are hereby required, from time to time, within one calendar month after such death, removal, or refusal to act, shall be known, by a writing under their common seal, respectively, to nominate and appoint another person of such of the said bodies, to which the commissioners so dying, removing, or refusing to act, shall belong, in the room of such commissioner last-mentioned; and every such new commissioner shall have the like power and authority, as the person in whose stead such new commissioner shall be so chosen, was vested with.

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the bason or dock master, or any other officer authorised or appointed by virtue of this act, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be incapable of acting as a member of the said dock company, or as a commissioner under this act, whilst he and they shall remain in their respective office.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall meet together for the first time, in the guild hall in Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, upon the first Monday after their appointment, between the hours of nine in the forenoon and two in the afternoon, and proceed to the execution of the powers and authorities by this act given to, and vested in them, and shall then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the same place, or at such other place within the said town as they, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think fit, for the like purposes; and if at any such meeting there shall not appear a sufficient number of commissioners to act, or in case the commissioners at any time assembled shall not adjourn themselves, then, and from time to time, as often as the case shall happen, they shall be deemed adjourned to that day sevennight, at the place where such meeting was appointed to be held; and the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall moreover, and they are hereby directed to assemble themselves in the said guild hall, for the purposes of this act, upon the first Wednesday in every month; and that all orders and determinations of the said commissioners shall be made at meetings held by virtue of this act, and not otherwise; and that no such order or determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent meeting, but by order of the majority of thirteen commissioners then present.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, as occasion shall be, to 111«*r into contracts in writing, and make bargains with and give directions t > proper artificers, handicraftmen, and other workmen, for the performance: nd due execution of the works which shall from time to time be directed by the said company to be done and performed by virtue and in pursuance of this act; every such contract to specify the several works to be done, the prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times, when or within which the said works are to be completed, and the forfeitures or penalties to be borne or suffered for the non-performance thereof, and being signed by thirteen or more of the said commissioners, and by the person or persons contracting to perform such works, shall be valid and effectual in the law.

Ctess I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

257

and carried into execution) and the performance thereof shall and may be enforced by action at law or otherwise, by and in the name or names, and at the suit of or against the commissioners for the time being, and the contractor or contractors, his, her, or their executors or administrators, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof; and in all cases where any pecuniary penalties shall be recovered of and from any contractor or contractors, the same shall be paid to the treasurer appointed by virtue of this act, and applied for the purposes of carrying on the works directed by this act.

LIX. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from time to time, as they shall think fit, to compound and agree with any person or persons against whom any action or actions, suit or suits, shall have been brought for any penalty or penalties, on account of any breach or non-performance of any such contract or contracts, for such sum or sums of money as they, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper, so as the sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the injury or damage sustained by the breach or non-performance of such contract or contracts, and all the costs, charges, and expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LX- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from time to time, as they shall find it expedient, to appoint a clerk or clerks, watchmen, and such other officers and servants as they shall find necessary, for the performance, due ordering, and preservation of the works to be carried on, built, or provided under the powers of this act, and from time to time to remove them, of any of them, and appoint others in their stead, or in the room of such as shall die or be incapable of performing their office; and shall and may appoint all such clerks, watchmen, and others so employed, such reasonable salaries and allowances, as they the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper, which salaries and allowances shall be paid by the said company.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from time to time, to make, ordain, and establish such orders, rules, and by-laws, for the good government of the said commissioners, and of all clerks, engineers, surveyors, workmen, watchmen, lightermen, labourers, and others appointed or employed under or by virtue of this act, and for the better regulating, governing, managing, and using the several works, matters, and things by this act authorised and directed to be made, done, and performed, as well whilst the same ale doing, as after they shall be finished and completed; and for the more safe and convenient shipping and lading, landing and discharging, carrying and conveying, laying and depositing of goods, wares, and merchandise, upon, to, or from the said quays or wharfs, and for the better governing and regulating porters, carters, and carmen, and others, carrying goods, or using or driving horses, trucks, carts, sledges, waggons, drays, or other carriages, for conveying goods, wares, or merchandise, to or from the said quays or wharfs, and for preventing damage being doue to any such goods, wares, or merchandise by the issuing of water through spouts from houses or buildings; and also, from time to time, as they shall see occasion, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter such rules, orders, and by-laws, as to them the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall seem meet, fitting and requisite; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding forty shillings, for the non-observance, non-performance, or other breach of all or any such rules, orders, or by-laws, or any part of them; and also, to make such other orders, rules, and regulations, as shall be necessary or expedient for the due execution of this act; and the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall cause the said rules, orders, and by-laws to be printed and distributed in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and affixed upon or near to some public and conspicuous part of each quay or wharf, and upon some other public and conspicuous places in the said town; and all such penalties shall be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor or any alderman of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and applied to the use of

k k

14 Geo. III. c. 56.

Commisionert may compound Penalties of Contracts.

Comroiwioners to appoint Watchmen, &«.

Commissioners to make By-Laws.

258

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

14 Geo. III. e. 5G.

By-Laws subject to the Controul of the Company.

Company may nts[u l (lie By-Laws, and alter or annul them.

Lamps to be

lighted.

Penalty on steal-iu« or breaking I amps.

the said company, rendering the overplus (if any) to the person whose goods or chattels shall be so distrained; and in case no sufficient distress can be found, it shall be lawful for the said mayor or such alderman to commit the offender to the house of correction for the said town, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

LXII. Provided always, That the rules, orders, and by-laws so to be made by the said commissioners, shall be, and are hereby declared to be sub ject to the inspection and controul of the said company, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

LXIIL Provided always nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the said company, from time to time, when they shall think pro|>er, at a meeting assembled for that purpose, of which fourteen days notice shall be previously given in like manner as other notices of their meetings are herein directed to be given, to inspect and consider the by-laws made by the said commissioners; and if they shall see fit, to annul or alter any of them, or to make others, for any the purposes of this act, or for regulating the elections of commissioners, or for reducing the quorum of commissioners, to any number not less than seven (which quorum, when so reduced, shall have the like powers and authorities, to all intents and purposes, by virtue of this act, as the said commissioners, or auy thirteen of them, are hereby invested with) and the by-laws so altered or made by the said company, shall be put into writing, and may, from time to time, be varied, altered, or repealed, and others made in their stead, at a meeting of the said company to be held as aforesaid, but not by the said commissioners or otherwise; and all such by-laws as shall be made or constituted by the said company shall, when signed by them, be binding to, and observed by all parties, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity, to justify all persons who shall act under the same.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, to appoint lamps to be erected at the most convenient places upon or near the quays or wharfs, and cause the same to be lighted in the afternoon of every day, at such hour or hours as they the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them shall direct and appoint, from and after the first day of October in each year, to the first day of April immediately following, or at any such other times, and in such other manner, as they the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think fit and proper.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall steal, take away, or wilfully break, throw down, or damage any lamp or lamps that shall be set up by virtue of this act, or shall wilfully extinguish the light or lights within the same, or damage the iron or other furniture thereof, it shall be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, who shall see such offence committed, to seize, as also to and for any other person or persons to assist in seizing the offender or offenders, by authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any one of the justices of the peace of the said town of King* ston-upon-Hull; and that such justice shall proceed to examine upon oath, any witness or witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) and that if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or by the testimony of any witness or witnesses as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings for each lamp so broke, thrown down, or damaged, or for every light so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full satisfaction to the said commissioners, or to sack person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and that in case such offender or offenders shall not, on conviction, pay such forfeiture, and make such satisfaction as aforesaid, such justice is hereby required to commit him, her* or them to the house of correction for the said town, for the space of two calendar months; and that such offender or offenders shall not be discharged before the expiration of the time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed unless such forfeiture and satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

Class 1J

Ship Docks and Quays.

259

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That m case any person or persons shall carelessly or accidently break, throw down, or damage any of the said lamps so to be set up as aforesaid, or the irons, or other furniture thereof and shall not immediately upon demand, make satisfaction for the damage done thereto, then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for any one of the justices of the said town for the time being, upon complaint to him made by any one or more credible witness or witnesses, to summons before him the party or parties who shall be complained of for doing such damage as aforesaid, and upon hearing the allegations and proofs on both sides, or upon the non-appearance of the party or parties so complained of and summoned, to award such sum or sums of money by way of satisfaction for such damage, as such justice shall think reasonable, and in case of neglect or refusal of the said party or parties to pay such sum or sums of money as awarded, within ten days next after demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods or chattels; the surplus, if any be, arising by such sale, to be paid to him, her, or them when demanded.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said guild or brotherhood, of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity-House of Kingston-upon-Hull, and they are hereby empowered and required, from time to time, as occasion shall be, to nominate and appoint a proper person to be dock and haven master, together with proper assistants, with full power and authority to direct the mooring or removing of all ships and vessels coming into, lying or being in the said bason or dock, or elsewhere within the said port or haven; and in ease the owner, master, servant, or other person having the care of any such ship or vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor or remove the same, according to such direction, within twelve hours after notice to him or them given in writing, or left on board the said ship or vessel for that purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said dock and haven master, or his assistant or assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor or remove such ship or vessel; and the charges and expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with the sum of forty shillings for each offence, by the master or owner of such ship or vessel, and may be recovered by the said dock and haven master, in case of non-payment thereof ou demand, by such ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this act to be recovered; and the said penalty, when recovered, shall be paid over to the use of the aid company; and in case any master, commander, mate, or other person or persons, taking the command of any ship or vessel, or the owner, agent, consignee, or other person or persons whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring or removal of any ship or vessel, such person and persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as the penalty last above mentioned.

LXVIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That from and after the time that the first sufferance quay or wharf shall be erected or built, no more than three ships or two-masted vessels, using the sea, except the same shall respectively be under the burthen of seventy-five tons, shall lie in the same tier, within the said haven, for more than two tides; and in case any such ship or vessel, above the said number of three ships or vessels, except as aforesaid, shall lie in the same tier, within the said haven, the master or owner of such ship or vessel shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every tide that such ship or vessel shall lie in such manucr, within the said haven, for more than two tides; and if, after complaint in writing shall be made by aay person, to the said dock and haven master, such ship or vessel shall be suffered to lie in the same tier, above the said number of three ships or vessels, within the said haven as before mentioned, except as aforesaid, the said dock and haven master shall likewise forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every tide that such ship or vessel shall be so suffered to lie above two tides, after such complaint shall be made to the said dock and haven master.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That from and after such time that the first sufferance quay or wharf shall be erected or built, no more than three ships or two-masted vessels, of any burthen whatsoever, using the sea, shall lie at one time in that part of the said haven opposite to the jettee called Chapel Lane Jettee, or opposite to the staith or warehouse,

14 Geo. 111. c. 56.

Person* accidentally breaking I.amps In make Satiric I ion ou Demand.

Trinity

to appoint a Do* K Master.

Master! *, fee. refusing in moor or remove Vessel* to forfeit 40s.

Ami if any Master, Stc. obstruct the mooring or removing of Vessels, he forfeits lOjf.

Mooring of Ships or Vessels wiilun the Haven to be regulated.

Mooring of Ship* or Vessels oppo. site to the Jrttee to he regulated.

260

14 Geo. III. c. 56.

The Guild may remove the Dock and Haven Master.

If the Guild neglect to hear Complaint for Fourteen Days, Persona ay. grieved may appeal to the Commiwioners.

lOOjC.per Annum to be paid to the Trinity House for Salaries to the Dock and Haven Master and Assistants.

Annual Rent of 5s. for each Wharf, made payable to the Mayor and Burgesses.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

now in the occupation of John Stephenson, adjoining to a staith called Shields Staith; and if any ship or two-masted vessel, over and above the number of three, shall lie at one time in that part of the haven above-mentioned, the master or owner of such ship or vessel so lying, and the dock and haven master suffering such ship or vessel so to lie, after complaint to him made in writing by any person, shall respectively be subject to the same penalties as are hereinbefore prescribed, in relation to any ship or vessel lying in the same tier, above the number of three, in any part of the said haven.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawfbl for the said guild or brotherhood from time to time, as they shall see occasion, to remove the said dock and haven master, or his assistant or assistants, from their office, and appoint others in their stead, or in the stead of such as shall die, resign, or be incapable of performing their office; and in case the dock and haven master, and his assistant or assistants for the time being, shall uot, in mooring or removing of ships or vessels, act with that due impartiality which the nature of their office shall require, or shall otherwise misbehave themselves in their office, and complaint shall be thereof made in writing to the said guild or brotherhood, by the person thinking himself aggrieved, or his agent, the said guild or brotherhood shall and may enquire into the matter of complaint, and upon proof of the offence complained of, and that no proper satisfaction has been made or tendered for the same, shall and may subject the offender to a penalty, not exceeding five pounds for one offence; or shall, if thereunto required by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, discharge the offender fYom his office of dock and haven master, or assistant, as the case may be, and shall, within fourteen days then after, appoint another person in his room; and the person so discharged shall be for ever afterwards incapable of being again appointed to the office of dock and haven master or assistant, except by consent in writing of the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them; and in case the said guild or brotherhood shall, for the space of fourteen days, refuse or neglect to hear any such complaint, or shall not grant proper redress, according to the true intent or meaning of this act, that then the person aggrieved may appeal to the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, at their next or some subsequent meeting, within fourteen days then after, who are empowered and required to examine the matter of complaint, and to determine the same, and make such orders therein, as the said guild or brotherhood might have done, both with respect to punishing the offenders and appointing others to succeed them.

LXXI. And be it ftirther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer to the said company shall, and he is hereby required to pay annually, to the said guild or brotherhood, a sum not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, to be by them applied as salaries and allowances to the dock and haven master, and his assistant or assistants ^>r the time being, which sum shall be allowed the said treasurer in his account. *

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one annual rent of five shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, clear of all charges and deductions whatsoever, for or in respect of any present or fhture taxes, assessments, or impositions, or other matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, shall be issuing out of each and every quay or wharf to be made or erected by virtue of this act, by any of the proprietors of the said staitlis or warehouses (except the said staiths of which the said mayor and burgesses are to be deemed the proprietors) to be paid or payable by the respective proprietors thereof to the mayor and burgesses of the town of Kingston* upon-Hull aforesaid, and their successors for ever, in lieu of, and as a full recompence and satisfaction for, their right and interest m and to the soil of the said port or harbour of Kingston-upon-Hull, and of their privilege of building houses, quays, and staiths within the same; the first payment whereof to commence at the end of six calendar months next after the making or erecting of any such quay or wharf; and the said corporation shall keep up and maintain the four jcttees upon the cast side of the haven in manner as heretofore.

This salary is increased by 42 Geo. 111. c. 01, a. 45, post.

' L

Ship Docks and Quays.

261

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said annual rent or sum of five shillings, or any part thereof respectively, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the space of forty days next after the time on which the same ought to be paid as aforesaid, then and so often, and from time to time, it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, to enter and make distress of any goods or chattels which shall be foned upon the quay or wharf, in respect of which shall be payable the annual rent or sum so in arrear or unpaid, and the distress and distresses, from time to time taken, to oarry away and impound, or dispose of according to law, for the recovery of rent in arrear, and all costs and charges from time to time attending such distress and distresses; and in case the same be not redeemed in six days, by payment of the annual rent or sum which shall be so in arrear, together with the charges of such distress, then to sell the goods and chattels so distrained, and out of the money arising by such sale to retain the rent, and all arrears thereof, which shall be then due, and the charges of the said distress and sale, rendering the overplus (if any) when demanded, to the owner.

LXXIV. And whereas several of the proprietors of staitbs on the said river Hull may have occasion to borrow money to defray the charges and expences incident to or attending the building quays or wharfs in pursuance of this act, and cannot, by reason of some settlement or settlements, impediment or impediments, respectively, make effectual securities for the money which may be lent for those purposes; Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the several proprietors, being tenants for life or in tail, or for any uncertain interest that may determine upon a life or lives in being; and also for the husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, or attornies, or any person or persons acting as guardian, trustee, committee, or attorney, for any charity or charities, or for such of the said owners as shall be under coverture, minors, lunatics, or beyond the seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, and every of them respectively for the time being, by writing under their bands and seals, from time to time, to charge the respective quays or wharfs which shall be so built by them respectively (all which quays or wharfs are hereby directed and required to be made in as strong, substantial, and durable a manner as the other quays or wharfs shall in general be made in pursuance of this act) and the messuages, staiths, warehouses, or tenements belonging to such of the said proprietors respectively, and adjoining to, and in respect whereof, such quays or wharfs shall be built respectively, or any part of the premises, with such sum or sums of money as shall be really and Sona Jide expended by them in the building such quays or wharfs respectively; and for securing the repayment of such sum or sums of money, with interest, to grant, mortgage, lease, and demise, or otherways subject the premises so to be charged as aforesaid, unto such person or persons as shall advance and lend the same respectively, for any term or number of years, so as every such grant or demise shall be made with a proviso «fbd condition to cease and be void, or with an express trust to be surrendered, when such sum or sums thereby secured shall be fully paid and satisfied, and so as every such grant, mortgage, or demise to be made by any tenant for life or in tail, or for any other uncertain interest that may determine upon a life or lives in being, trustee, guardian, committee, or attorney, shall contain a proviso that the person entitled to the remainder or reversion of the premises so to be mortgaged shall not, nor shall any person be liable, upon his or her becoming possessed of any such mortgaged premises, to any further or larger arrear of interest than for one year preceding4be time that the title to such possession shall have commenced; and that every grant, mortgage, lease, or demise so to be made in pursuance of this act, shall be good, valid and effectual in the law for the purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the want of legal title in such husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, or attornies, or persons acting as guardians, trustees, committees, or attornies, or in such tenants in tail or for life, or for other uncertain interest that may determine upon a life or lives in being; any settlement, will, trust, use, remainder, or limitation to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, to whom any such grant, mortgage, lease or

14 Geo. HI. c. 56.

Remedy for Recovery of Rent.

Tenants for Life, See. may borrow Money.

Mortgages may be assigned.

Skip Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

14 Geo. Ilf. c. 66.

Tenant* for Year* to pay Inifmt for the Money expended by their Landlord*.

CommMoners may purchase Land for widen, ing the Road, lie.

If Parties cannot agree, Sheri £ fee. to summon a Jury.

demise shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money thereby secured may from time to time, by any deed or deeds, writing or writings, under his, her, or their hand and seal, or bands and seals, to be executed in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, assign or transfer the same security or securities, and all his, her, or their right, title, or interest in and to the same, to any person or persons whatsoever, who may again in like manner assign the same, and toties quo tie*; and such mortgagee or mortgagees, assignee or assignees, his, her, or their executors and administrators, and all persons claiming under them, or any of them, shall and may use, take, and pursue all such lawful methods, courses, and expedients at law, or in equity, for recovering and obtaining the possession of the premises so to be mortgaged, leased, or demised as aforesaid, in case of nonpayment of the principal money and interest, to be thereby secured, or any part thereof, as is or are used, taken, or pursued, in cases of the like nature.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective tenants of such of the said staiths, adjoining to which any quay or wharf shall be built in pursuance of this act, as are let on lease for years, shall, during the continuance of such leases respectively, and so long as they shall be permitted to hold and enjoy for their own use and benefit the same quays or wharfs respectively, pay to the landlords or persons of whom they shall so hold their respective estates, their heirs, successors, and assigns, interest for the several sums of money which shall be laid out or expended by them in building such quays or wharfs respectively, after the rate of five pounds a year for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any less sum than one hundred pounds, that shall be so laid out and expended; and that all the interest, so to be paid as aforesaid, shall be added to their respective rents, reserved and made payable in and by their respective leases, and shall commence and be payable from such times, and in such proportions, and be recoverable in such manner, as the respective rents are or shall be in and by the said leases respectively reserved and recoverable, the first of such payments to commence at the next rent day or time of payment which shall first happen after such quays or wharfs respectively shall be so built.

LXXVII. And whereas it may be necessary for the said commissioners to purchase lands and tenements, for the purpose of making, laying out, or widening such road or roads, as they shall by this act be authorised to make or amend, or for the purpose of making or extending some of the works by this act to be made and provided, or for laying soil, rubbish, utensils, and materials upon, or for erecting conveniences for workmen, or for other the purposes of this act; Be it therefore farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, or any person or persons by them in that behalf to be appointed, to contract and agree with the owner or owners of any parcel or parcels of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary or useful for any of the said purposes, for the purchasing their respective estates and interests therein, and to purchase the same, and to take a conveyance, assignment, or surrender thereof, at and for such price and consideration as shall be agreed upon between the parties contracting; and in case the owner or owners of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any of them, shall refuse to contract and agree with the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, or the persons so to be for that purpose appointed, or through any disability, by nonage, coverture, or other impediment, shall not be qualified or enabled to contract or agree, or to execute or perform such contract or agreement, and carry the same into execution; then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said con*-missioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to issue out their warrant or warrants, under their hands and seals, directed to the sheriff of the county where such lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall lie; or if the said sheriff shall be immediately interested in such matter, then to one of the coroners of the same county; and if the said coroners shall be immediately interested therein, then to two other persons not interested in the matters in question (one of whom shall be chosen by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the other by the said owner or owners of such. lands, tenements, or hereditaments .; and in default of either of the said parties making

Ship Docks and Quays.

such choice, then it shall be lawful for the other of them to nominate and appoint any two disinterested persons^as aforesaid,) for the impannelling, summoning, and returning a jury; and such sheriff, coroner, or other persons as aforesaid, are hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return twenty-four able and sufficient men, qualified according to the laws of this realm, to be returned for trials of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, to appear before the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed, in order that out of them a jury of twelve may be sworn to enquire touching the matters in question; and in case a sufficient number of jurymen shall not appear at such time and place, the said sheriff or coroner, or such other persons as aforesaid, shall return other honest and indifferent men, who can speedily be procured, to attend that service, being qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said jury to the number of twelve; and all parties concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen; and the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, may order and authorise the said jury, or any six of them, to view the place or places, or matters in controversy; and shall also by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of any thirteen or more of them the said commissioners, from time to time, as occasion may require, summon and call before them all such persons as shall be thought proper to be examined as witnesses concerning the matters in question, and shall administer the oath tosuch witness or witnesses as aforesaid, and also to the said jury, which jury so to be impannelled and sworn shall enquire into the value of the premises in question, and award and assess such damages and recompence as they shall think reasonable to be awarded to the owners, occupiers of and persons interested in such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purchase of their respective estates and interests therein; and the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall give judgment for such sums of money, so to be assessed or awarded; which verdict and judgment thereupon pronounced by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall be binding and conclusive to all infants, femes covert, bodies politic and corporate whatsoever, so as notice in writing of the time of such meeting of the jury for the purpose aforesaid shall be given at least fourteen days before every such meeting to every person interested, or left in writing at bis, her or their usual place of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of such lands or tenements, in case the owner thereof cannot conveniently be found.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such sheriff or coroner, or his deputy or agent, shall make default in the premises, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any person, so summoned and returned as aforesaid on such jury, shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn, or being sworn refuse to give his verdict, or in any other manner wilfully neglect his duty, contrary to the true intent of this act; or if any person so summoned to give evidence shall not appear, or appearing, refuse to be sworn or examined to give evidence, every person so offending respectively (having no reasonable excuse to be allowed by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them,) shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay such sum as the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for any one offence; and if any person or persons, in giving evidence concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or concerning any other matters relative to this act, shall commit wilful and corrupt pur jury, every such person, upon conviction thereof according to law, shall incur and suffer such pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the agreements, contracts, sales, and conveyances, and also all verdicts and judgments which shall be made and given in relation to any such lands, tenements* or hereditaments as aforesaid (such verdicts and judgments being signed by thirteen or more of the said commissioners, who shall be present at the taking of such inquest,) shall be enrolled at the public register office established at Beverley, in the East Riding of the county of York, by an act of parliament passed in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the public registering of all deeds, con-

263

14 Geo. III. c. 56.

Jury may be challenged.

Witnesses may be examined.

Jury to award Damages.

Commissioner* Judgment to be final.

Penalty on Sheriffs, lie. neglecting their Duty.

Verdicts to be enrolled.

Ship Docks and Quttys. [Part IV.

14 Geo. III. c. 50.

IMermiasUons to be entered in a Book.

Land. Ate. not used in the Works may be old.

Commissioners may purchase land to build a Custom House.

veyanees, wills, and other incumbrances that should be made, or that might affect any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the said East Riding, or town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and the said register, or his deputy, is hereby required to enrol the same in the proper book for enrolling bargains and sales of lands, a true copy of which enrollment, or of any part thereof, under the hand of the said register, or his deputy, shall be allowed as evidence in all courts whatsoever; and the said register, or his deputy, shall be entitled to such fees for such enrollment, and copies thereof, as are allowed him by the said act for enrolling any bargains and sales, and copies thereof, and shall permit any person or persons, from time to time, and at all times, within the office hours of attendance, to peruse and inspect the said enrollments, and take copies thereof, upon paying for every such perusal and inspection one shilling and no more.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all judgments or determinations so to be made as aforesaid, shall be set down, in writing under the hands and seals of the said commissioners who shall make or pronounce the same, and be entered in a book to be kept by the said commissioners for the entry of all proceedings by virtue of this act; and that upon payment, by the said company, of such sum or sums of money at shall be agreed upon or assessed to the parties concerned, or tender thereof made at his, her, or their dwelling-house, and if they have no such dwelling-house, then at the house of some tenant or occupier of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments before mentioned; or upon refusal to accept such tender, then on payment of such sum or sums of money into the bands of any person or persons to be for that purpose appointed by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, for the use of the parties interested; then, and not before, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, their agents, workmen, or servants, in that behalf to be appointed, to enter upon, take, use, apply, and appropriate the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any part thereof, for which such satisfaction shall be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, for the purpose of making, amending, or widening the said roads, or in making or extending any of the said works, or of laying soil, rubbish, utensils, and materials, for the making and repairing the said bason or dock, or other works, and for making such other conveniences for workmen as aforesaid, or for other the purposes of this act, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, but to and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever; and the said commissioners, their agents, and all persons whatsoever, employed or authorised by them as aforesaid, shall by this act be fully and effectually indemnified against the owners and occupiers of, and all persons interested in the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof; and if, after the said bason or dock, reservoirs, roads, or other works, for which any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments were purchased, shall be finished, there shall remain any land or hereditament that shall not be used or thereafter be wanted for the purposes of this act, the same shall be and is hereby vested in the mid commissioners; and they, or any thirteen or more of them may, and are hereby fully empowered to sell and convey the same for the best price that can be gotten, and the money arising by such sale shall be applied to the use of the mid company,

LXXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several powers and provisions hereinbefore mentioned, for empowering and enabling the commissioners hereinbefore mentioned, to purchase lands and. tenements for the purposes before mentioned, shall extend and be construed to extend, to empower and enable the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any person appointed for that purpose by any four or more of them, in like manner to purchase any lands and tenements, for building a custom-house, or any warehouse or warehouses, to be used in the service of the revenue of customs in the said port of King* ston-upon-Hull; and all the several clauses in this act relative thereto shall extend, and be construed to extend and carried into execution, with respect to the lands and tenements so purchased, or intended to be purchased for the use and service of the customs, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were again repeated and herein enacted.

265

Clas9 I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any jury, to be summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give a verdict for more monies, as a recompence or satisfaction for any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property, oi for any damage to be done thereto, than what shall have been offered by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, before the summoning or returning of such jury, for such recompence or satisfaction, that then the expences of summoning and maintaining such jury, and the witnesses, shall be paid by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, out of any money to be raised by virtue of this act; but if any such jury shall give a verdict for no more or for less monies than shall have been offered by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, before the summoning and returning such jury, for such recompence or satisfaction, that then the expences of summoning and maintaining such jury and the witnesses, shall be borne by the person or persons with whom the said commissioners shall have such controversy or dispute; and such expences, having been ascertained and settled by some justice of the peace for the East Riding of the county of York, not interested in the matter in question, who is hereby required to examine and settle the same, shall be deducted and taken out of the monies so assessed and adjudged, as so much money advanced to and for the use of such person or persons; and the payment or tender of the remainder of such monies sh-jlt be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be a payment and tender of the whole sum or sums so assessed and adjudged.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons making complaint, and requesting such jury, shall, before the said commissioners shall issue their warrant or warrants for the summoning such jury as aforesaid, first enter into a bond, with two sufficient sureties, to the said commissioners or any thirteen or more of them, for the time being, in the penalty of fifty pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their complaint, and to bear and pay the costs and expences of summoning such jury, and taking such inquest, in case a verdict shall be given for no more or a less sum than had been offered by or on behalf of the said commissioners, or than had been assessed, before the summoning and returning the said jury or juries, as a recompence or satisfaction for any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or damages as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons, who shall have landed or caused to be landed, and laid any goods or merchandise, timber, wood, or stone of any kind, masts, boats, yards, anchors, cables, casks, guns, ballast, lime, dung, or manure, or any other thing whatsoever (other than materials for the necessary use or repairs of the said quays or wharfs, bason or dock, or other works) upon any of the quays, wharfs, or landing places, to be made by virtue of this act, or in any of the adjacent streets or avenues, to continue or permit the same, or any part thereof, respectively, to remain and lie thereon for any longer time than forty-eight hours; and in all cases where any such goods, merchandise, timber, or other things as aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the space of forty-eight hours, it shall be lawful for the dock and haven master for the time being, or his assistants, and he and they are hereby required to remove or cause the same to he removed to some place or places of safety, and therein to detain and keep the same till payment of the charges of such removal and detention, and of such forfeiture, to the said dock and haven master and his assistants, for their trouble in and about the same, as the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, by any rule or by-law, ascertain and establish; and if such charges, expences, and forfeiture shall not be paid within the space of five days after demand thereof by the said dock and haven master, then and in every such case he is hereby authorised and required to cause the said goods and chattels so respectively secured, or a sufficient part thereof, to be appraised and sold for payment of the said charges and forfeiture, and all other expences relative thereto, and to the said appraisement and sale.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby authorised and empowered to rent or hire, by the year or other-ways, any convenient warehouse, yard, or other place, for the receiving,


14 Geo. III. c. 56.

How Expences of the Jury are to be paid.

Persona requiring a Jury to Rive Security to prosecute.

Goods to be removed from the Quays within Forty.eight Hours.

Warehouses, kc. tmy he hired for keeping of Goods,

kc.

' 2M 14 Geo. III.

c« 56.

finnpow^er, he. to Irt removed al ceitam Time.

Penalty on Default b£.

Sor scouring the Hateu, Uiwn, be.

Penalty on throwing Dirt into the Deck *, lie.

Ship Docks and Quays, [Part IV.

safe keeping, or lodging of such goods and other things so to be removed from off the qnays and other places as aforesaid, or to inclose, erect, or build any such yard, warehouse, or other buildings on their own ground, or ou ground to be purchased by them, as to them shall seem most meet and fitting.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no gunpowder, tar, pitch, resin, hemp, flax, faggots, furze, brandy or other spirituous liquors, turpentine, oil, hay, straw, tallow, grease, shavings of wood, or combustible things whatsoever, shall be suffered to be or remain on ti.e quays or wharfs aforesaid, or on any part thereof, or upon the deck of any ship or vessel in the said haven, bason or dock, for above the space of twenty-four hours after passing the custom-house officers; and that in case such goods and things cannot be conveniently removed or got off from such quays or wharfs, or ships decks, by daylight, that then, and in every such case, the owners of such goods and things respectively shall be obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain, at their own expence, a sufficient number of careful and sober persons to guard and watch over the same, for such and so many hoars, according to the season of the year, as the said dock and haven master, or his assistant or assistants, shall direct and appoint; and in case the owner or owners of such goods or other things, or the master or mate of any ship or other vessel, shall make default herein, every such person shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of five pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, their agents, servants, or workmen, as often as occasion shall require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through, and take away, any banks, bills, earth, soil, or rubbish, in the said port or haven, in such manner as the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper, for the security and accommodation of shipping in the said port or haven, and for the more free passage of water in the said river Hull; so as in the doing thereof no nearer approach be made to the staiths or warehouses adjoining thereto, than the distance of thirty-five feet, nor to the wharfing maintained by his Majesty, on the opposite side of the haven, than thirty-five feet; and so as none of the four jettees, maintained by the corporation of Hull, and now standing on the said opposite side of the haven, and adjoining to his Majesty's wharfing aforesaid, be taken away or removed, the maintenance of which wharfing being absolutely necessary for the protection and security of the level of Holderness from being overflowed by the tides; and also, to remove and take away any wrecks of ships or vessels, or any ship or vessel that shall be sunk, or any wood, timber, or other obstructions or impediments of the like nature in the said port or haven that may happen to arise by accident; and in case the owner or owners of any such ship or vessel which shall be so removed as last mentioned, shall refuse or neglect to pay the charge of removing the same, for the spa/ce of three days after demand thereof made by any officer of the said commissioners, the same shall be recovered in such manner as other penalties and forfeitures are by this act directed to be recovered.

LXXXVIII. And be it fuftber enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall throw, cast, or put any ballast, earth, dust, ashes, stones, or other things, into or upon any part of the bason or dock, reservoirs, quays, wharfs, roads, or other works to be made or provided in pursuance of this act, to the prejudice thereof, or do any other annoyance to the same or any part thereof, or to the haven of the said river Hull, or shall fasten any ship or vessel, by any rope or otherwise, to the North Bridge aforesaid, or after the said bason or dock shall be finished, moor or lay any ship or vessel, for more than one tide, nearer to the said bridge than the south side of Master Thomas Walton's ship yard, to such posts as shall be provided for that purpose, and complaint be made thereof, upon .oath, by any of the said commissioners or their clerk, or other officer, or any other person, the same shall be examined into, and determined by any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town of Kingston-upon-Holl for the time being; and they are hereby authorised to impose upon the offender or offenders (other than and except as is next hereinafter mentioned) such fine or fines, not exceeding five pounds for each offence, as they the said

Clas* I.]

Ship Docks and Quays.

267

justices shall think reasonable; and in case any owner or owners, master or commander, seaman, or servant of or belonging to any ship or vessel, shall be guilty of any of the said off ences, upon proof thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two of the said justices, the person or persons so offending shall for each offence forfeit to the said company the snra of five pounds; and in case of nou-payment of such last-mentioned forfeiture, for the space of three days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for any two of such justices for the time being, "by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy the same, together with the costs and charges incident thereto, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such owner, master, or commander, seaman, or servant so offending, or of the tackle, apparel, or furniture, of or belonging to such ship or vessel, rendering the overplus (if any) to the person whose goods or other things shall be so distrained; and, if sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to the house of correction, there to be kept to bard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wood or timber, which shall be delivered in the haven of Hull, or in the said bason or dock, shall be permitted to lie or remain therein for a longer time than forty-eight hours after the delivery thereof; and in case the same shall not be removed before the expiration of that time, the owner or owners thereof shall for every such offet ce forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XC. And w.hereas accidents frequently happen to ships and vessels by lightermen, ballaslmen, and others, digging or raising ballast from a place called The Dolphin Point, and a place called The Southend, opposite to the said point; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to take or cause to be taken any ballast from the said places, without leave first obtained for that purpose, in writing, from the mayor of the said town, or his known ageut appointed for that purpose, nor receive more money for such ballast, from the master or masters of ships or vessels to whom the same shall be delivered, than shall be fixed and ascertained by the said mayor, by writing under his baud, under the penalty of forfeiting for every offence the sum of forty shillings.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any manner destroy, any rope or other thing, by which any ship or vessel lying in the said haven, or in the said dock or bason, shall be moored or fastened, such person or persous shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty shillings.

XCII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the dock and haven master, to be appointed in pursuance of this act, or his assistants, from exercising in a due and reasonable manner any of the powers or authorities hereby vested in them.

XCIII. And, for preventing accidents by fire in the said haven, dock or bason; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever* shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted (except in the manner hereinafter for that purpose mentioned) on board any ship or vessel within the said haven, dock or bason (the vessels employed as ferryboats only excepted) at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty-uinth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, after the hour of seven in the evening, or before the hour of seven in the morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty ninth day of September in every year, after the hour of eight in the evening, or before the hour of five in the morning, upon pain of forfeiting for every offence the sum of three pounds.

XCIV. And, the better to make known the several times when fires and candles shall be extinguished as before directed; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every evening and morning, at the hours herein for the above purposes appointed, a large bell, to be provided by the said commissioners, shall be rung for the space of ten minutes at the least,

See 19 Geo. Ill c «. I, post, «nd 4*2 ^c". Ilf. c. 01. s. p*t.

U Geo. HI. c. 56.

TtroluM- not to I. left in the Haven more than Forty, eight Hour*.

No RallaM tn be raised In-tween Dolphin Point and South F.nd, without l.rave of the .Mayor.

Penalty on cutting Ropes, See.

Not to extend to the Dock Master.

Regulation* in

keeping Fires, &<\ on board of* Ships.

Bril to l)e run# when Fires ars to be extinguished.

268

14 Geo. HI. c. 56.

Penalty on Pernod* boiling Pitch, fee. on board.

Gunpowder may be landed without leave, when the Veasel hall arrive on a Sunday, &c.

No Ship* to enter the Dock* under Sail.

Old Ship* not to encumber the Baaon or Dock.

Ship Docks and Quays.

[Part IV.

Expence of moving old Ship* may be levied by Distress.

Owners of Vemel* answerable for Damage done by their Crews.

in the said haven or dock, or some of them, or in some place contiguous thereto.

XCV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no pitch, tar, rosin, turpentine, oil, or other combustible thing, shall at any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any ship or vessel in the said haven, or dock or bason, or in any boat, except in a boat lying alongside of some ship or vessel, nor within twenty feet of the quays, staiths, or warehouses adjoining to the west side of the said haven (carpenters yards only excepted; ) nor shall any gunpowder, exceeding the quantity of six pounds, be suffered to be or remain on board any ship or vessel, for any longer time than twenty-four hours after the arrival of such ship or vessel in the said haven, or dock or bason, upon pain that every master, commander, or owner of every ship or vessel, shall forfeit for every offence the sum of five pounds.

XCVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any ship or vessel, in which auy gunpowder above the quantity of six pounds shall happen to be, shall arrive in the said haven, bason or dock, on a Sunday or apy custom-house holy day, it shall be lawful for the master or commander of any such ship or vessel to land the same, without a sufferance or leave from the officers of his Majesty's customs of Hull for so doing, provided the same be done in the presence of a tide surveyor or coast waiter.

XCVII. And, for the security and preservation of the bason or dock, or other works belonging to the same; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before any ship or vessel shall enter or pass into the said bason or dock, such ship or vessel shall have her sails taken down, so that she may not enter under sail, upon pain that every master, commander, or pilot, taking the care of every such ship or vessel, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no ship or vessel that shall be laid up as unfit for further sea service, shall be permitted to be or remain in the said bason or dock, to encumber the same, for above the space of six calendar months in the whole, and that during all such time, the owner or owners, master or commander, factor or agent of or for such ship or vessel shall keep the same constantly and sufficiently moored, to prevent damage to any other ship or vessel; and that in every such case it shall be lawful for the said dock and haven master, his deputy and assistants, and every of them, to cause such ship or vessel, so incapable or unserviceable, which shall lie in the said bason or dock for above the space of six calendar months, or that shall be found loose and unmoored in the same, to be removed out of the said bason or dock, and to lay and moor such ship or vessel on any part of the strand or shore of the river Humber, within high water mark, and as near the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull as conveniently may be; and that upon demand of payment being made by such dock and haven master, his deputy or assistants, or any of them, from the owner or owners, master, commander, or agents of or for such ship or vessel, of the charges of removing and mooring such ship or vessel as aforesaid (such charges and expences being first examined and allowed by the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them) and upon refusal or neglect of payment of such charges and expences so allowed as aforesaid, for the space of five days next after demand made, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said dock and haven master, his deputy or assistants, or any of them, to levy such charges and expences by distress and sale of such ship or other vessel, or any of her tackle, apparel, or furniture or any part thereof, rendering the overplus (if any such there be) after deducting the charges of taking, keeping, and sale of such distress, to the owner or owner, master, factor, or agents of or for such ship or other vessel, upon the same being demanded.

XCIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the master or owner of every ship or vessel lying or trading in the said port or haven, shall be and is hereby made answerable to the said company for the amount or value of any damage or mischief that shall be dooe by any of the servants, boatmen, bargemen, or watermen on board the same, to the said bason or dock, quays or wharfs, or other works to be made within the said port or haven, with full costs of suit; and that such damage and costs shall be sued for and recovered in manner hereinafter directed.

Class 1.] Ship Docks and Quays.

209

C. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and their ageuts, engineers, workmen, and labourers, employed in making the said bason or dock, quays, wharfs, reservoirs, roads, or other works, to lay any stones, timber, or iron, or any other materials, matters, or things to be used in or about any of the works, upon any of the adjoining lands, making satisfaction to the owners and occupiers thereof for all damage done thereto, in such manner as shall be agreed upon between the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the respective owners or occupiers; and iu case of disagreement therein, then in such manuer as is by this act prescribed for purchasing tand for the use of the works authorised by this act.

Cl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any penon or persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy, or set on fire any of the works, made or provided by virtue of this act, or belonging to the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, or any ship or vessel lying and being in the haven, bason or dock, or elsewhere within the said port, or any part or parts of them respectively, every such person and persons so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be ad judged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy; and every such felon and felons shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy 5 and that the court and courts, by and before whom such person and persons shall be indicted and tried, have hereby power and authority to award judgment and execution on such felon and felons, and may transport such felon or felons for the space of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the l^ws and statutes of this realm, according to the heinousness of the crime or crimes which such person or persons shall be charged with and convicted of.

CU. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall and have hereby full power, from time to time, to set down and ascertain the rates and prices which shall from time to time be paid and payable for the carrying and conveying of any goods, wares, or merchandise, and of wood, stone, iron, and all other matters and things, from the said several quays or wharfs to any part or parts of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or from any part or parts of the said town to any of the said quays or wharfs, in or upon any truck or cart, sledge, waggon, dray, or other carriage, according to the distances which the same shall be carried, as they the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall think proper; which said rates and prices of carriage, and none other, shall from time to time be paid or pay* able for aoy the purposes aforesaid.

Cilf. And whereas the inhabitants of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull are chiefly supplied with water, for their necessary uses, from a place called the Water-House, conveyed to the said town by pipes, some of which are laid in the Town's Ditches, Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That iu case the said commissioners shall find it necessary, in carrying on any of the works authorised by this act, to remove or take away any of the said pipes, the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own ex pence imme* diately, to reinstate the said pipes, or to place others, in such manner and form that the inhabitants of the said town may receive no prejudice thereby, but may be supplied with water from the said water-house, in as large quantities, and in as effectual a manner, as they were before the passing of this act.

CIV.* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted, or directed to be inflicted, (concerning the recovery of which no particular direction is hereby given) shall, if the same be not paid within fourteen days after the same shall be demanded, be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two of the justices of the peace of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, which warrant they, or any two of them, are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the information of one or more credible witness or witnesses, upon oath, before them, or any two of them made which oath a For recovery of Penalties, set 42 Geo. IU. c. 9t, s. 64 and 63, post

14 Geo. 111. c. 56.

Materials may he laid 00 adjoining I .and *, making Satisfaction.

Persons destroying the Docks, &c. to be punished.

The Fares of Truck* and Carts to be fixed.

Water to be preserved to the Town.

Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Patrl IV.

14 Geo. III. c. 56.

Peru Mir* may l>« mil gated.

Person* ajr-greiverl m.iy apjre I i the Quarter Session!.

Proceeding* net to be vai ated for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

any two of them are hereby empowered to administer; and that all the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted shall, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and sold (the charges of such distress and sale being first deducted) be paid into the hands of such person or persons as the said company shall direct and appoint, for their use; and io case no such distress as aforesaid can be had, then it shall be lawful for the said justices, for the time being, or any two or more of them, by like warrantor warrant *, to commit the party offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the said town, for the space of twenty days, without bail or mainprixe, unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, or any of them, by whom any judgment, sentence, or determination shall be given, pronounced, or made, from time to time, where they see cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the penalties or forfeitures as aforesaid, as he or they in his or their discretion shall think fit, so as such mitigatioiror composition do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this act; and that every such mitigatidu or composition shall be a sufficient discharge for the persons offending respectively, for sr> much of the said penalties and forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

CVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied with the judgment of the said justices, or any of them, by reason of any sentence or judgment to be given or pronounced by them, or any of them, as aforesaid, or by any other matter or thing done by virtue of this act, such person and persons shall and may complain or appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upoo-Hull, (proper and reasonable notice of such complaint or appeal being firs* given,) who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint or appeal; and, in case of conviction, to issue a warrant or warrants for the levying and enforcing of payment of the said penalties and forfeitures, by the ways and means before mentioned, together with such costs and charges to the party in whose favour such appeal shall be determined, as the justices in their said sessions shall order and direct; which orders and judgments respectively shall be final and conclusive to ail parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any writ or writs of certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere.

CVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no order, or other proceeding, to be had or made by or before the said justices, or the said commissioners, or auy of them, in relation to the premises, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only; and that, where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, or warrant of distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or tresspassers aft initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards dooe by the party or parties distraining; bub- the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover special damages in an actioo upon the case.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, until twenty days notice shall be thereof given to the person or persons against whom the same is to be brought, or after a sufficient satisfaction, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fret committed; and such action or suit shall be laid and brought in the said county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any

Class 1.] Ship Docks and Quays.

trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or that such action or suit shall be commenced after the time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or in any other manner, than directed by this act, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and u|K>n a verdict for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff1 or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no nomination, appointment, information, order, verdict, judgment, conviction, warrant, mortgage, assignment, transfer, or other security or other writing whatsoever, under the seal of the said company, or under the band and seal, Or hands and seals of, or only signed by any of the said commissioners, or by any justice or justices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, or otherwise made use of concerning or in execution of any of the powers and authorities hereby vested in them, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever. *

CX. And whereas the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, by virtue of certain charters or letters patent, granted to them by his Majesty's royal predecessors, the kings and queens of England, or some or one of them are entitled to and have exercised and enjoyed, several powers, privileges, and authorities, in and concerning the haven of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the roadstead near the haven mouth of the said town, for the better regulation of ships there, and have from time to time appointed a haven master for the ordering of ships in the said haven, according to such rules, orders, and directions, as the said guild or brotherhood have thought expedient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act con* tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect, the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of the said guild or brotherhood, about or concerning the said haven or roadstead, and premises so vested in them, or which they might have used, exercised, and enjoyed by virtue oP any charter, letters patent, grant, right, or title whatsoever, otherwise than as the same are by this act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

CXI. And whereas the late king Richard the Second, by his letters patent under the great seal of England, bearing date at Westminster the fourth day of June, in the fifth year of his reign, granted to the mayor and burgesses of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, by their then name of incorporation, the mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and their heirs and successors, for the improvement of the same town, that they and their heirs and successors should have the port nigh the said town, formerly called Sayer Creek, then called Hull, for ever annexed to the said town, and the liberties thereof, from Sculcoates Goat to the middle stream of the Humber, so that they and every of them might build houses, quays, and staiths, within the same water, for the improvement, defence, preservation, and increase of the said town; be it therefore unacted. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect, the rights, dues, duties, and payments, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities, of the smid mayor and burgesses, so granted to them as aforesaid, or any other rights, duet, duties, or payments, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities in anywise belonging to them, otherwise than as the same are by this act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

CXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed, in all courts of judicature within this kingdom, as a public act; and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

This section has been repealed, see 23 Geo. 1IL c. M, a 13 *

' 271

11 G *o. Ill,

C. 56.

Treble Costa.

Writings may t*s without Stamps.

Saving Rights of the Trinity House.

Saving the Rights of the Corporation.

Public Act

Ship Docks and Quays,

[Part IV

19 Geo. III. c. 48.

Recital of an Act 14 Geo. III.

The Mid Act do! to extend to restrain any Officer of the Customs or Excise from using Lights on Hoard any Vessel in the Haven,

Itc. of Kingston, upon-Hull.

10 Geo. III. Cap. 48.

1779.

An Act to explain so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other his Majesty's dominions, of goods and commodities of the growth or production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign parts; for preventing masters of ships removing their vessels out of the stream, except to the lawful quays, in the port of London, before the goods are discharged, or their vessels are cleared by the proper officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the officers of the customs and excise to make use of lights on board ships in the haven, dock, or bason, at the port of Kingston-upon-Hull.

IV. And wheTeas by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and establishing public quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing his Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit of commerce in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a bason or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, for the accommodation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain sums of money out of his Majesty's customs at the said port, for those purposes; and for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston-upon-Hull; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no person whatsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted (except in the manner in the said act for that purpose mentioned) on board any ship or vessel within the haven, dock, or bason, by the said act directed to be made in the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, (the vessels employed as ferry-boats only, excepted,) at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, after the hour of seven in the evening, and before the hour of seven in the morning; nor at any time or times whatsoever, between the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, after the the hour of eight in the evening, or before the hour of five in the morning, upon pain of forfeiting, for every offence, the sum of three pounds; and whereas, in order to prevent the clandestine running of customable and prohibited goods from on board ships or vessels in the night, it is absolutely necessary that the tidesmen, and other officers of his Majesty's customs and excise, stationed on board, and appointed to guard such vessels for the security of the public revenues, should have liberty to use lights, properly secured, during their stay on board, as occasion may require; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited aet, or any part thereof, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain or prohibit any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs or excise from using lighted candles on board any ship or vessel in the said haven, dock, or bason, in such lanthorns, guarded or properly secured against accidents of fire as the collector of his Majesty's customs, and the collector or other principal officer of excise, and the governor or chairman of the dock company at the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall at any time think proper to direct and approve of for that purpose; nor shall any such officer or officers be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for having or keeping, or causing to be had or kept, such lights, in lanthorns secured as aforesaid, on hoard such ship or vessel; any thing in the said recited act to tba contrary notwithstanding. *

See 42 Geo. HI. e. 91, s. 44, port.

i

Class I.]

Ship Docks and Quays,

273

23 Geo. III. Cap. 55.

1783.

23 Geo. 111. c. 55.

An Act for building a New Gaol, &c. (for Title see page 39 ante.)

VII. And whereas it is necessary that so much of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and establishing public quays or wharfs in Kingston-upon-Hull, and for qther purposes, as relates to the provisions contained therein with respect to the power given of building' and making quays or wharfs to communicate with the common staitbs, so as to entitle the proprietors thereof to land goods, called sufferance goods, on such quays or wharfs, should be amended.

LI. And whereas in and by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for making and establishing public quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, and for other purposes the proprietors of certain staiths situate on the west side of the river Hull, between Thomas Walton's ship yard and a certain staith called Rotten Herring Staith, were empowered to build quays and wharfs opposite to their several staiths, to be open at all times to the officers of his Majesty's revenue, by a free and clear communication with the common staitbs adjoining, in order to entitle the proprietors of such staiths respectively to ship off from or land upon any quays or wharfs certain goods called sufferance goods, in the said act mentioned and described, in such manner as is in the same act mentioned: And whereas it is reasonable and necessary that there should be a free and clear communication between each quay or wharf already built and made, or hereafter to be built and made in pursuance of the said recited act; and every such quay or wharf adjoining upon or lying contiguous, or which shall adjoin upon or lie contiguous to the same, and also a free and clear communication between every such staith or staiths, and the common staith near thereto, in order to enable the officers of his Majesty's revenue at all times to have free access to every such quay or wharf from a common staith; Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any proprietor or proprietors of any staith or staiths, who has or have plready built and made, or who shall hereafter build and make a quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, in pursuance of the said recited act, shall not have made and continued, or extended, or shall not make and continue, or extend, such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, to the full extent or utmost limits of his or their property in such staith or staiths, whereby the proprietor or proprietors of the adjoining staith or staiths is or are, or shall or may be deprived of a free and clear communication with .be common staith near thereto, and of the advantage of making and enjoying a quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor or proprietors of such ad joining staith or staiths, who is and are hereby authorised and empowered, whenever he or they shall think it necessary, to give notice to and require the proprietor or proprietors of every such staith or staiths upon or opposite to which any such quay or wharf, quays or wbarfs, hath been or shall be built and made as aforesaid, and which shall not have been or shall not be made, continued, and extended to the full extent or utmost limits of the property of every such proprietor or proprietors in every such staith or staiths, so to make, continue, and extend every such quay or wharf as that the adjoining proprietor or proprietors may, by means of such free communication, be entitled and enabled to make and build a quay or wharf, quays or wbarfs to commur.icate and have free and open access with the common staith near thereto; which notice or requisition shall be in writing, and shall be signed by the proprietor or proprietors of such adjoining staith or staiths, and shall be delivered to or left at the house or usual place of abode of any such proprietor or proprietors whose quay or wharf, qnays or wharfs, shall not have been or shall not be so made and continued; and in case any such proprietor or proprietors shall not, within six months after such notice or requisition shall have been so delivered or left as aforesaid, make, continue, and extend every such quay or wharf, quays or wbarfs, to the full extent or utmost limits of his or their property in every such staith or staiths, upon or opposite to which any such quay

m m

Empowering tbs' Owner of s Staith to call upon the Owner of the adjoining Staith to build nia Quay to the full Extent.

L.oo<?Le

Ship Dorks and Quays. [Part IV.

23 f.eo. 111. c. 55.

Obliging th* OwuernfaStaith, who cal In upon au "U oininif Proprietor to build Mich Quay, to pay One Third Part of the Expence.

Empowering the Person to calling upon the Owner or an adjoining Staith, to build the came in cum of re fatal, and to charge the Owner with Two Third* of the Expence.

Declaring that no Quay or Wharf shall be pulled' down, so as to prevent the Communication for the Officers of the Pevenne with the common Sul the

r wharf, qur ys or wharfs, hath or have been or shall be so made and built as aforesaid, or adjoining thereto, and belonging to him or them, whether the same consist of one or more staith or staiths, then and in such case the proprietor or proprietors of such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, or any person or persons claiming under him or them, shall not be entitled to, nor shall have, use, or enjoy the privilege of shipping or landing from or upon any such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, any of the said goods called sufferance goods, or any other goods whatsoever, until such quay or whar£ quays or wharfs, shall be built to the full extent or utmost limits of all and every of the staith and staiths of the proprietor or proprietors to whom such notice and requisition shall be given as aforesaid, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LII. And be it further enacted, That one full third part of the expences of making, continuing, and of extending every such quay or wharf as aforesaid, beyond the limits which the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall make and deem necessary for his or their own private purpose or convenience, shall be paid and reimbursed him or them, or his or their executors or administrators, by the proprietor or proprietors of the adjoining staith, who shall give or leave such notice or requisition as aforesaid bis, or their executors or administrators, within the space of one month after such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, shall have been so made, continued and extended; and in case such expences shall not be paid within the time herein limited in that behalf, then the same shall or may be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with full costs of suit, in which action or actions, no essoign, wager of law, protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such actions, it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff to declare or allege, that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in so much money paid by the plaintiff to the defendant's use, whereby the plaintiff's action accrued to him according to the form of this statute, without setting forth the special matter.

, LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the proprietor or proprietors of any staith or staiths, to whom any such notice and requisition shall be so given, shall refuse or neglect to make and extend bis, her, or their quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, in manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the proprietor or proprietors of any adjoining staith or staiths, who shall have given such notice, and made such requisition as aforesaid, at any time after the expiration of the six months, to be mentioned in the notice hereby required, to make and build a quay or wharf, or quays or wharfs, so as to continue and extend the same to his or their adjoining staith or staiths; and immediately after the making and completing thereof, to demand and receive two third parts of the whole expence of making and building the said quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, of and from the proprietor or proprietors of the said quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, who shall have so neglected or refused to make and build the same, to the full extent of his, her, or their property, agTee&ble to such notice and requisition: and io case any such proprietor or proprietors, to whom such notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay two full third parts of the whole expence of making and building the said quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, to the proprietor or proprietors of the adjoining staith or staiths, who shall have made or built the same, then it shall and may be lawful for such last mentioned proprietor or proprietors, his or their executors or administrators, to recover the said two full third parts of the said expences, by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster with full costs of suit, and by the same ways and means as are herein given to and for any proprietor or proprietors who shall make and build a quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, pursuant to notice and requisition for that purpose, for recovery of one third part of the expences of making and building the same.

LIV. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That no quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, now made or built, or hereafter to be made or built, shall be pulled down or otherwise destroyed, so as to prevent a free and clear communication for the officers of his Majesty's revenue with the common staiths adjoining, but shall, for ever after the making or building thereof, be from time to time repaired and kept in repair by the proprietor or proprietors of the said quay or wharf, quays or wharfs respectively, far the time being.

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

27 *

LV. Pro Tided alto, and ba it enacted. That if the proprietor or pro* prietors of any ttaith or staiths shall make any sale or conveyance of any part or parts of his or their staith or staiths, the person or persons to whom such part or parts shall be sold or conveyed shall, in respect thereof, be subject and liable to all regulations, restrictions, and provisoes contained as well in the said recited act relative to the making and establishing of sufferance quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, as in this present act, for the purpose of making and preserving a free and clear communication for the officers of his Majesty's revenue, between such private staith or staiths and the common staith adjoining upon or lying contiguous, or which shall adjoin or lie contiguous to the same.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any other act or acts of parliament contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give the owner or occupier of any quay or wharf already made and built, or hereafter to be made and built as aforesaid, auy right to claim, demand, or use, a passage for himself, his servants, agents, or workmen, over the quay or wharf of any other person or persons, nor to laud, ship off, or carry any goods, wares, or merchandise, upon, from, or over such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, as shall not be theu his property or iu his occupation.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor or proprietors of any staith or staiths adjoining upon any common staith or staiths, at his and their own expence, to make and huild a quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, opposite to and along the whole extent of such common staith or staiths, so as the same be built or made according to the directions contained in the said recited act for building quays or wharfs, so that such adjoining proprietor or proprietors may by mean *

That if any Part ot a Staith usold, the Purl ao sold shall lie subject to tllu name Kestriclious.

That no Person shall have a Right of Parnate over the Wharf"r Quay belonging to others.

To enable the proprietor* of SUM h* adjoining to common Staiths. to build a Quay in the Front of nut'll common St nth*.

thereof have a free communication with such common staith or staiths, and be thereby enabled to build a quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, opposite to his or their staith or staiths adjoining upon such common staith or staiths; and that all and every quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, as is or are already built and made, or that shall at any time hereafter be built and made opposite to any common staith or staiths, shall from time to time, and at all tunes hereafter, be and become the property of, and be supported, repaired, and maintained by and at the expence of the said mayor and burgesses; and that it shall be lawful for every person and persons whomsoever to make me of any such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, as is or are, or may be built opposite to any common staith or staiths, in such and the like manner as common staiths have heretofore been used and enjoyed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where there is or are any staith or staiths on each side of and immediately adjoining to a common staith or staiths, opposite to which any quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, shall be so built as aforesaid, then one full half part of the expences of making and building such quay or wharf, or quays or wharfs, opposite to any common staith or staiths, shall be paid to and reimbursed the person or persons at whose expence the same shall he so made and built, his or their executors or administrators, by the proprietor or proprietors of the other staith or staiths next adjoining to the said common staith Or staiths opposite to which such quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, shall be so made and built, within one month after a quay or wharf shall be made or built opposite to the said other staith or staiths next adjoining such common staith or staiths; and in case any such proprietor or proprietors shall neglect or refuse to pay one full half part of the expence of making and building the said quay or wharf, quays or wjiarfs, opposite to the said common staith or staiths, to the person or persons at whose expence the same shall have been so made and built, then it shall and may be lawful for such last-mentioned person or persons, his or their executors or administrators, to recover the said one full half part of the said expences by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with full costs of suit, and by the same ways and means as are herein given to and for any proprietor or proprietors who shall make and build a quay or wharf, quays or wharfs, pursuant to notice and requisition for that purpose, for recovery of one third part of the expences #f making and building the same.

To enable Mich Proprietor of a Staith wil l rIiaM build a Uuay in the Front of a common Staith, to iprover One Moiety of the Rx pence of the Proprietor of a Staith adjoining the other Side of such roimnou Staith.

For thtM directions see 14 Geo. MI. c. M, s. 34, png* 2.39, ante.

Skip Docks and Quays,

[Part IV,

276

42 Geo. 111. c. 91.

42 Geo. HI. Cap. 91. Royal Assent, 22 June* 1802.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled," An Act for " making and establishing public quays or wharfs at Kingston. " upon-Hull, for the better securing his Majesty's revenues " of customs, and for the benefit of Commerce in the port of " Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a bason or dock, with " reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, for the accora. " modation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating " certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying " certain sums of money, out of his Majesty's customs at the said port, for those purposes; and for establishing other " necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston- upon-Hulland also for making additional basons or docks at Kingston-upon-Hull; with an entrance into the same from the river Humber; and for granting certain lands belonging to his Majesty, in aid of the said works.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of

r*wn e' his present Majesty, intituled," An Act for making and establishing public

Act 14th Geo. III. " quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing his Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit of commerce in the port " of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a bason or dock, with reservoirs," sluices, roads, and other works, for the accommodation of vessels using " the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain sums of money, out of his Majesty's " customs at the said port, for those purposes; and for establishing other " necessary regulations within the town and port of Kingston-upon-Hull whereby his Majesty was empowered to appoint open quays at the said port as therein directed; and the company therein described were empowered and required to make a bason or dock for the reception of ships and vessels, and for the benefit of the trade and commerce of the said port, to extend from the river Hull to a place in the said town called Beverley Gates, or as near thereto as conveniently might be, of such depth and width, and in such manner as therein particularly directed, together with a quay or wharf, and such reservoirs, sluices, bridges, roads, and other works, requisites, matters, and things, as should from time to time be adjudged necessary for the more convenient use of the said bason or dock, and for the general benefit of shipping, and of the trade and commerce of the said port; for which purpose the mayor and burgesses of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the several persons therein named, and all others who should become subscribers towards the expence of carrying on the said works, their successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, together with such other persons as they or the major part of them should at any meeting appoint, were united into a company for the purposes of the said act, and were declared to be a body politic and corporate, by the name of " The Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull," with a common seal, and with powers to purchase lands, and to take and use such parts of his Majesty's military works at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, as were thereby given and granted by his Majesty for those purposes; and in order to facilitate the execution of the said works, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds was directed to be paid out of his Majesty's customs at the said port, at the times and in manner therein mentioned; and the said dock company were authorised to raise amongst themselves a sum of money, not exceeding eighty' thousand pounds, to be divided into such number of shares, and the subscribers thereto were to receive, after the works were

Class 1.] ' Ship Docks and Quays *

277

completed, such profits as directed in and by the said act; and if the said sum of eighty thousand pounds should not be raised, or be insufficient for making the said dock and other works, the said dock company were thereby authorised to borrow at interest, on the credit of the rates and duties granted by the said act, so much money as might make up the said sum of eighty thousand pounds for completing the same; and in consideration of the charges and expences which the said dock company would be put unto in making, repairing, maintaining, and keeping in repair the said bason or dock, and other works directed by the said act, several rates and duties were thereby granted to them, which were to commence as therein particularly mentioned.

II. And whereas the said dock company made the said bason or dock, and built the quay or wharf within the time limited by the said recited act, and of larger dimensions than thereby directed; but by reason of the increase of the trade and commerce of the said port, the said bason or dock, and the harbour at Kingston-upon-Hull, are not sufficient for the reception and accommodation of the ships and vessels belonging to and using the said port, and by reason thereof delays and inconveniences have arisen in the lading and unlading of ships and vessels, and also by the confined and crowded state of the shipping in the said bason or dock, the same cannot be conveniently cleansed and scoured, so as to prevent the mud from warping up and lessening the depth thereof; and in cases of accidents by fire, much danger may be apprehended to the shipping therein, and to the said town.

III. And whereas it is expedient for the greater accommodation and benefit of the trade and commerce of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the increasing and better securing of his Majesty's revenue at the said port, and also for the protection and security of his Majesty's ships of war, stationed or to be stationed in the river Humber, that an additional bason or dock should be made at the said port, in the situation and of the dimensions hereinafter described.

IV. And whereas the said dock company have agreed to make such additional bason or dock at the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for that purpose to appropriate a certain piece or parcel of ground, heretofore part of the land belonging to his Majesty's military works at Kingston-upon-Hull, called The Town's Ditches, extending from a certain place in the said town called Myton Gates, southward to another place in the same town called Hessle Gates, being parcel of the military works hereinbefore mentioned to have been by his Majesty granted to the said dock company.

V. And whereas the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, have severally agreed to and with each other, to contribute and pay the expences attending the making of the said additional bason or dock, in the proportions hereinafter mentioned: But inasmuch as the making of the works hereby intended, cannot be accomplished and carried into execution without the aid and authority of parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said dock company and their successors, and they are hereby empowered and required, within the space of seven years, from and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and three, to make and build, or cause to be made and built, an additional bason or dock capable of containing seventy sail of ships or square rigged vessels, of the average tonnage of the ships or vessels usually frequenting the said port of Hull, in and upon the said piece or parcel of ground, last hereinbefore described to be lying between Myton Gates and Hessle Gates aforesaid, and in and upon such other ground adjoining thereto as shall be necessary for that purpose, extending from Myton Gates aforesaid, or as near thereto as conveniently may be southward to Hessle Gates aforesaid, and from thence still southward to the low-water mark of the said river Humber, and to make the said additional bason or dock in all parts thereof of a sufficient depth, and with a lockpit or entrance into the same from the said river Humber, of a sufficient width and depth to admit his Majesty's ships of war of fifty guns; which said additional bason or dock shall from thenceforth be called the " Humber Dockand also that it shall be lawful

49 Geo. HI. c. 91.

That the Dock Company marie a Dock and Quay.

That the present

D»>i k and Harbour are insufficient.

That another Dock would tend to remove the present Inconveniences.

That the Three Corporation* have agreed to defray the Expence of making another Dock.

178

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

42 Geo. lit. c. 91.

Powers of former Act lo extend to this Act.

For pu rebating Land.

Bodies Politic, Itc. Trustees, and other Persons, empowered to sell and convey Lands.

for the said dock company and their successors, and they are hereby empowered and required to build, or cause to be built, within the said space of seven years, on the east side of the said additional bason or dock, a wharf, the whole length thereof, which shall not exceed the average width of seventy feet, and on the west side of the said bason or dock, a wharf, the whole length thereof, which shall not exceed the average width of forty feet, for the trade and business of the said town and port; together with a drawbridge over the lockpit or entrance of the said intended bason or dc*ck, proper for the passage of carriages, cattle, and foot passengers, and such other bridges, roads, and works, requisites, matters, and things, as they the said dock company and their successors shall from time to time adjudge necessary, for the more convenient use of the said additional bason or dock, and wharfs, and for the general benefit of shipping, and of the trade and commerce of the said port.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited act, and all and every the rates and duties, powers, authorities provisions, regulations, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, therein and thereby given, granted, vested, levied, or to be executed (except so far as the same or any of them are by this present act enlarged, diminished, altered, qualified, or otherwise explained) shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full force, as well in regard to the said additional bason or dock, and other works hereby directed or intended to be made, and for effecting all other the purposes of this present act, as for the purposes of the said recited act, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were expressly repeated and re-euacted in the body of this present act.

VII. And whereas it will be necessary for the said dock company to purchase lands and tenements for the purpose of making the said additional bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs and other works hereinbefore directed to be made, and for making the road hereinafter directed to be made, and for laying soil, utensils, and materials upon and for the repairs of the said bason or dock, entrance, and wharfs, whenever such repairs may become necessary; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said dock company, and they are hereby empowered, within twelve calendar months next after the passing of this act, to treat and agree, and to employ any person or persons to treat and agree, with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons entitled thereto or interested therein, for the purchase of all such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the buildings thereon, which shall be necessary or requisite for effecting the purposes aforesaid, and no more, without incurring any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statutes of mortmain, or any of them; and after payment of the sum or sums of money which shall be agreed upon or ascertained for such purchase or purchases, the said dock company are hereby authorised to appropriate such lands and tenements respectively for the purposes of this act.

VIU. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or sole, trustees and feoffees in trust for charitable or other uses, and all other trustees and feoffees In trust whatsoever, guardians and committees for lunatics and idiots, executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and to and for all femes covert, who are or shall be seised in their own rights, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes last hereinbefore mentioned, to treat for, sell, and convey, assign, or surrender all or any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, oc any of them, or any part or parcel thereof, and all their respective interests therein, of what nature or kind soever, to the said dock company and their successors, or any person or persons in trust for them; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, sales, conveyances, assignments, surrenders, and assurances, which shall be made by such .persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, not. only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to capr

Class 1.]

Ship Docks and Quays.

' 279

* ey all right, estate, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective cestui que trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; all which conveyances and assurances of freehold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be made in pursuance of this act, or a memorial thereof, shall, within six calendar months next after the making thereof, be registered at the public register office established in Beverley, in the Bast Riding of the county of York, by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, at the expence of the purchasers; and all which surrenders of copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall be entered upon the rolls of the respective manors of which the same shall be held; and that all such persons so conveying as aforesaid, or making such assurances as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter of form whatsoever; and if it shall happen that any bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, or any other person or persons seised or possessed of or interested in any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall refuse to treat or agree, or by reason of disability cannot agree with the said dock company, or with any person or persons authorised by them, for the sale and conveyance of their respective estates and interests therein, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premises they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the satisfaction of the said Dock Company, or of the person or persons so authorised by them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the East Riding of the county of York, upon application to him made by the said dock company, and such justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, within fourteen days next after such application to be made, to issue his warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriff of the said county of York, who is hereby authorised, directed, and required accordingly, to empannel, summon, and return a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons of the said riding, qualified to serve on juries, not less than twenty-four nor more than forty-eight; and out of such persons so to be empannelled, summoned, and returned a jury of twelve men shall be drawn by some person, to be by the said justice appointed, in such manner as juries for the trials of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, are by an act made in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *' An Act for the better regulation of juries," directed to be drawn, which persons so to be empannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said justice, at such time and place within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said justice from day to day until discharged by him; and all parties concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the said justice is hereby authorised and empowered, by precept or precepts from time to time, as occasion shall require, to call before him all and every person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a witness or witnesses, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, touching or concerning the premises; and the said justice, if be thinks fit, shall and may, on the application of either party, or otherwise authorise the said jury to view the place or places or premises in question in such manner as they shall direct; and the said justice shall have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, witnesses, and parties to attend, until all such affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said jury upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths of such person or persoos as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire gf the value of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and interests of every person or persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof, and shall assess or award the sum or sums of money to be paid to such person or persons, party or

42 Geo. 111. c. 91.

Conveyance* to be register* d.

When Parties refuse to treat. See. a Justice of Peace for the hast Riding of the County of York to issue a precept for e.upauoelling a jury j

who are to be drawn as the Act 3 Geo. 11. directs.

Juri.

cbali

Jury to twees the value on oath.

280

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part. IV.

42 Geo. III.

c. 91.

Verdict of the jury, &c. to be dual.

Upon Payment of the Value amemed the Premises to be conveyed to the dock company.

When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed,

parties respectively, for the purchase of such lands, tenements or hereditaments, and of such respective estates and interests therein, and the said justice shall and may give judgment for such sum or sums of money so to be assessed; which said verdict or verdicts, and the said judgment and judgments, determination and determinations thereupon (notice in writing being given to the person or persons interested or claiming so to be, at least seven days before the time of meeting of the said justice and jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling-house of such person or persous, or at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of some of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments intended to be valued or assessed) shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as well against the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all bodies politic, corporate, and collegiate, and all and every person and persons claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use, or interest in, to, or out of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and premises, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, as well infants as issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, and femes covert, and persons undeT any other legal incapacity or disability, and all other custui que trusts, his, beT, and their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever; and the said verdicts, judgments, and determinations, and all other proceedings of the said justice and juries so to be made, given, and pronouaced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and signed by the clerk of the peace for the said riding; and in case it shall so happen, that the sum or sums of money so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the value of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or such proportionable value as aforesaid, shall not exceed the sum or sums of money which the said dock company, or any person or persons authorised by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such value, then and in every such case all the reasonable costs, charges, and expences of causing and procuring such value to be assessed and awarded by a jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the bodies politic, corporate, ot collegiate, or other person or persons so seised or possessed of or interested in such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said dock company are hereby authorised and empowered to deduct and retain the said costs, charges, and expences, out of the sum or sums of money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any part thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, that upon payment of the sum or sums of money so to be awarded and adjudged as aforesaid, after such deduction as aforesaid, if the case shall so require, to the person or persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the purchase of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, assignments, and assurances in the law to the said dock company and their successors, or any person or persons in trust for them, of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded, and shall procore all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, assignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect title thereto, to the said dock company; and such conveyances, assignments, and assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall on the part of the said dock company be required; and in case the person or persons to whom such sum or sums of money shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince and make out a good and sufficient title to the premises, to the satisfaction of the said dock company, and to make or procure to be made good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the said dock company, or any person or persons in trust for them, or shall refuse so to do being thereunto required, and such sum or sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid, after such deduction as aforemSd* being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing or procuring to be executed such conveyances, surrenders, assignments, and assurances as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her,

281

Class L]

Ship Docks and Quays *

or them; or in case any such person or persons, to whom any sum or sums

of money as aforesaid shall be so awarded, cannot be found; or in case that, by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said dock company what person or persons is or are entitled to the premises in question, then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said dock company to order the said sum or sums of money so assessed and awarded, as the value and purchase money for the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments (describing them) subject to the order, controul, and disposition of the said court of chancery; which said court of chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum or sums, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of proceeding, or otherwise as to the same court shall seem meet, to order distribution thereof, according to the respective estate or estates, title or interest, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other order in the premises as the same court shall think just and reasonable; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, who shall receive such sum and sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such person as shall pay any such sum or sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such verdicts, judgments, determinations, orders, and other proceedings of the said justice and juries, as relate to or concerning any of the cases before mentioned, and all receipts which the said cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give for any sum or sums of money paid into the bank, in consequence of any such verdict and judgment, shall be entered among the records of the general quarter sessions of the peace for the said riding; and the said verdicts, judgments, sentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever, and all persons shall and may have recourse to the same gratis, and to take copies thereof, paying for every copy, not exceeding one hundred words, sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater number of words; and immediately after such verdicts, judgments, sentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the said justice and juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, and after such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cashiers snail be given as before mentioned, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim and demand in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, into and out of the lands, teuements, hereditaments, and premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said dock company, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual seisin or possession thereof to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every person having a y estate in the premises had actually conveyed the same by lease and release, bargain and sale enrolled, feoffment with livery of seisin, fine, common recovery, or any other conveyance or assurance whatsoever; and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all estates tail, and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and the issue and issues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as fines or common recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any lands, tenements, or hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the powers of the said recited act or this act, for the purposes thereof, which shall belong to any corporation, feme covert, infant, lunatic, or person or persons under any other disability or incapacity as aforesaid, such money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed

N n

42 Geo. III. c. 91.

Or the Parties are not to be found,

Court to order Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, fee.

Subject to the Order of Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Verdict* to be recorded.

Immediately after Verdict* and Payment *, Stc. Premise* to vest in Dock Company.

Application of Compensation, where exceeding 200£.

282

Ship Docks and Quays,

[Part. IV.

42 Geo. III. c. 91.

Application where the Money rh*a not exceed 2<M>£. nor le* than 20£.

Application where Money i« lew than 20£.

Money paid to the Mayor, &c. for the Purchaac of Lauda, to be

the sum of two hundred pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account there ex parte the said dock company, to the intent that such money shall be applied, under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, to be signified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred in a summary way, by the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in the purchase of the land tax, or towards the discharge of any debt or debts, or such other incumbrance or part thereof as the said court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the same lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or affecting other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the same or to the like uses, intents, or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like direction and approbation of the said court, in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, and in the same manner as the lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time and until such purchase shall be made, the said money shall, by order of the court of chancery upon application thereto, be invested by the said accountant general, in his name, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities; and in the mean time and until the said bank annuities shall be ordered by the said court to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, the dividends and annual produce of the said consolidated or reduced bank annuities, shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such purchase or settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any lands, tenements, or hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any corporation, or to any person or persons under disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall (at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, in case of infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands) be paid into the bank, in the name and with the privity of the said Accountant General of the high court of chancery, and be placed to his account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like option) to two trustees, to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved of by the said dock company fsuch nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hanas of the nominating and approving parties) in order that such principal money, and the dividends thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the direction or approbation of the court of chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said dock company shall think fit; or in case of infancy or lunacy, then to his, her, or their guardian or guardians, committee or committees, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And whereas it will be necessary for the said dock company to purchase, for the purposes of this act, certain lands and hereditaments belonging to the said mayor and burgesses; Be it therefore further enacted,

2&-)

Class 1.] Ship Docks and Quays.

That the value or amount of the purchase money which shall be assessed or agreed to be paid for or in respect of any such lands and hereditaments, shall be paid and applied by the said mayor and burgesses towards their share or proportion of the expences of making the additional bason or dock, and other works hereinbefore directed to be made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the conveyances of any such estate or interest of any feme covert to the said dock company, or auy person or persons in trust for them, by indenture or indentures of bargain and sale, sealed and delivered by such feme covert in the presence of and attested by two credible witnesses, and duly acknowledged and enrolled at the said register office within six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such feme covert in the premises, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law; and further. That all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said dock company by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like force, effect, and operation in law, to all intents and purposes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by tha bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premises in trust for such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any disability or incapacity of the person or persons, or corporation, entitled to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments to be purchased under the authority of this act, the purchase money for the same shall be required to be paid into the court of chancery, and applied in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for the said court of chancery to order the expences of all purchases, from time to time to be made in pursuance of this act, or so much of such expence as the said court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said dock company, who shall from time to time pay such sums of money for such purposes as the said court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons whomsoever, having or claiming auy right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, into or out of any lauds, tenements, or hereditaments, which by virtue and for the purposes of this act, shall be purchased by and con* veyed, or mentioned or intended to be conveyed, to the said dock company, or any person or persons in trust for them, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the enrolment of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of inch their right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the town clerk of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, which book the said town clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry he shall be entitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the East Riding of the county of York, is by law entitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words; and all and every person and persons whomsoever not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand with effect, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, into, upon, or out of the said premises, and every part thereof; and the said dock company, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises; any law, statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any person or persons barred of any right, title, estate, interest, claim, or demand whatsoever, into or out of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of this act, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt, or for money had and received to his, her, or their use, against auy person or per-

42 Geo. 111. c. 91.

applied towards their Proportion of the Expences Of making the Dock, &. c.

Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Recoveries,

The Court of Chancery may order reavinable Expences of Purchases to t»e paid l.y the Dock Company.

Persons having any Right, &c to enter their Claims within a limited Time, or be barred.

But may recover the Purchase Money, &c. from Persons receiving the urn*.

284 Skip Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

42 Geo. III.

c. 91.

Tenant at Will, fcc. to deliver PoaKseion on 8lx Moplhi Notice.

Mortgagee *, on Tender of Principal and iDternt to convey;

On Refusal Interest to cease.

Upon Payment of Principal and Interest into the Bank.

sons, or the legal representatives of any person or persons, who shall have received all or any pwt of the purchase money arising from inch sale of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises aforesaid; and that in every such case the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would enable them to recover such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to the mense profits of the premises which they would have been entitled to recover in case this act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every tenant at will or lessee for a year, or any other person or persons in possession of any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, and who have no greater interest in the premises than as tenant at will, or as lessee for a year, or from year to year, shall deliver up the possession of such premises to the said dock company, or to such person or persons as the said dock company shall appoint to take possession of the same, upon having six calendar months notice to quit such possession from the said dock company, or the person or persons so authorised by them; and such person or persons in possession shall, at the end of the said six calendar months, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premises to the said dock company, or the person or persons authorised by the said dock company to take possession thereof; and that in case any such person or persons so in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace for the said town and county of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to issue his precept or precepts to the sheriff of the said town and county, to deliver possession of the premises to such person or persons as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said sheriff is hereby required to deliver such possession accordingly of the said premises, and to levy such costs as shall aecrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts, on the person or persons so refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods and chattels.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall have any mortgage or mortgages on such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not being in possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall, on the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together with the amount of six calendar months interest on the said principal money by the said dock company, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer such mortgage or mortgages to the said dock company, or to such person or persons as they the said dock company shall appoint; or in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing from the said dock company, or such person or persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the principal money and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of six calendar months, to be computed from the day of giving such notice, that then at the end of the said six calendar months, on payment of the principal and interest so due, sue* mortgagee or mortgagees, shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their interest in the premises to the said dock company, or such person or persons as shall be appointed in trust for them; and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine: provided always, that in case the sum due upon any such mortgage or mortgages, with all interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real value of the premises to be ascertained as directed by this act, then the said dock company shall not be liable to pay to the mortgagee or mortgagees more than such real value of such premises so ascertained as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into the bank of England, at the end of six calendar months from the day of giving such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagees, the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money, in like mannrr

Chit I.] Skip Docks and Quays.

286

u is hereinbefore directed in cases of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of all and every person and persons in trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said dock company, and they shall he deemed to be in the actual possession of the premises comprised in such mortgage or mortgages to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That all sums of money, or other consideration, recompence, or satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, or in discharge of any such mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the party or parties entitled to the same, or paid into the bank of England as aforesaid, before the said dock company, or any person or persons authorised by them, shall proceed to use any lands, tenements, or hereditaments comprised in or affected by such agreement, verdict, or mortgage respectively, for any of the purposes of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any justice of the peace for the said riding shall have power, from time to time, to impose a reasonable fine not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds on such sheriff, or his deputy, bailiffs, or agents respectively, making default in the premises, and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their verdicts, and also on any person or persons who shall be summoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, unless for some sufficient excuse, or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence, and on any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their duty in the premises, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and from time to time to levy such fine or fines, by order of the said justice respectively, by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) on demand, to the owner or owners thereof; and that a copy of the order of the said justice, signed by the clerk of the peace for the said East Riding, or his deputy for the time being, shall respectively be sufficient authority to the person or persons therein to be appointed, and to every other person or persons acting, or aiding or assisting therein to make such distress and sale; and all such fines shall be paid to the said dock company, and be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXIV. And whereas besides the lands, tenements, and hereditaments to be purchased by the said dock company for the purposes last hereinbefore mentioned, it may also be necessary for the said dock company to lay soil, rubbish, utensils, and materials upon other lands and tenements, and to erect conveniences thereon for workmen, or for other the purposes of this act, during the execution of the works hereby intended, and until the completion thereof, and to leave the said soil thereon; be it therefore further enacted, That the said dock company, their agents, servants, workmen, and persons to be employed by them, shall and they are hereby empowered, by a warrant or warrants under the band and seal of any justice of the peace for the East Riding of the county of York, who is hereby authorised and required to grant such warrant or warrants, upon application to him made by the said dock company, or any such person or persons as last mentioned, within ten days next after such application shall be made, to enter into and upon such lands and tenements as shall be necessary for those purposes, and to lay soil, rubbish, utensils, and materials upon, and to erect conveniences thereon for workmen, or for other the purposes of this act, during the time of carrying on the said works, and until the same shall be completed and finished, and to leave the said soil thereon, on payment or tender of payment by the said dock company, to the owners or occupiers respectively of such lands and tenements, of such sum or sums of money as shall be equivalent to and a foil compensation for the injury, loss, damage, or inconvenience which such owners and occupiers may respectively sustain, be put unto, or experience by reason of such entry, or by the laying of soil, rubbish, utensils, and materials upon the said lands, or by erecting conveniences thereon for workmen, or in anywise relating to the use of the said lands and tenements by the said dock company, or the persons to be employed by them for the purposes aforesaid; and in case of any difference

42 Geo. m. c. 91.

Monies lo be ptid or tendered, before any I'm made of (he Premier*.

Justice for the tlaal Kiding rosy fine Sheriff *, Juries, or Witnesses, for not attending.

For hiring other Lands to lay Soil upon.

286

Ship Dock* and Quays. [Purl IV.

42 Geo. III. c. 91.

For making a ucw lload from Myton to the Humber Dank.

To prevent Dock Company from erecting any Bouudary Walk

For leaving Owning* to communicate with the Wharf.

Corporations of Mayor and Burgeses, and Trinity House to pay One Half of the Expeace of the Works.

For enforcing the Payment of the Calls.

between the said dock company and the owners or occupiers of the said lands and tenements, or any of them, concerning such payments, compensations and damages as aforesaid, the same shall be ascertained by the verdict of a jury, in like manner, and by the like means and proceedings as are hereinbefore directed for ascertaining, awarding, and assessing the price or compensation to be paid or allowed to the owners, occupiers of, and persons interested in the lands, tenements, and hereditaments to be purchased by the said dock company as aforesaid, for the purchase of their respective estates and interests therein.

XXV. And whereas it will be necessary in carrying this act into execution, to take and use a certain road extending from the road leading from Myton Gates aforesaid into the lordship of Myton, southward, to the Humber Bank, along the west side of a certain piece or parcel of ground called The Butt Croft, and that another road be laid out and made in lieu thereof, Be it therefore further enacted, That the said dock company shall and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made a road of the width of forty feet at the least, proper for the passage of cattle, carriages, and foot passengers, to lead from the said road leading from Myton Gates aforesaid into the lordship of Myton, southward, to the said Humber Bank; which road, when so made and put into good repair, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be a public highway or road, and shall be repaired and kept in repair as the other public highways and roads within the parish of the Holy Trinity, in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, are now repaired.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said dock company to erect any other kind of fence than posts and rails of not more than five feet in height, between the west side of the said additional bason or dock and the public highway or road hereinbefore directed to be made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said dock company shall and they are hereby required to leave sufficient openings at the north and south ends, and west side of the said wharf hereinbefore directed to be made, on the west side of the said bason or dock intended to be made by virtue of this act, so as to form convenient communications between the said wharf, and the streets or roads contiguous thereto, at all seasonable hours.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor and burgesses* and the said guild or brotherhood, shall and they are hereby respectively required to advance and pay, in equal shares and proportions between them, unto the treasurer for the time being of the said dock company, one full and equal moiety or half part of the expences of making and completing the said bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, bridges, roads, and other works hereinbefore directed to be made, and of purchasing ground for those purposes, and all other charges and expences incident or in anywise relating thereto, at such time or times as the said dock company shall from time to time deem necessary, so as the sums to be called for do not exceed the amount of the sums which the said dock company shall then advance of their own proper monies, and lodge with their treasurer for the time being, for carrying on the said works, and so as one calendar month's notice at the least of each such call, under the hand of the chairman of the said dock company for the time being, be given to the mayor or deputy mayor of the said town for the time being, or in his absence to one of the aldermen of the same town; and so as the like notice be given to the acting warden of the said guild or brotherhood, or in his absence to one of the elder brethren of the same guild or brotherhood, previous to the time appointed in such notice for payment of the money to be therein mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said mayor and burgesses, or the said guild or brotherhood, shall neglect or refuse to pay their respective proportionable parts or shares of the said last-mentioned expences, pursuant to such calls as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said dock company, into and upon all or any of the estates, lands, or hereditaments of the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, or such of them as shall so make default, when and as often as it shall so happen, to enter and distrain lor the same, and the distress or distresses there found to take* carry away, sell.

Class 1.]

Ship Docks and Quays.

a&d dispose of at their free will and pleasure, rendering the surplus of the money to arise by such sale or sales, together with the residue of the goods and chattels so to be distrained, and which shall not be sold or disposed of for the purposes aforesaid (if any such there be) on demand, to the owneT or owners thereof, or otherwise to enter into and upon all or any of the estates, lands, or hereditaments of the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, or such of them as shall so make default in payment as aforesaid, and by sale or mortgage of such estates, lands, grounds, and hereditaments, to raise the sum or sums of money which shall be so in arrear or unpaid, and all costs and charges attending the same, or in anywise relating thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said dock company shall keep or cause to be kept fair, regular, distinct, and separate accounts of all monies from time to time to be received, issued, paid, and applied, in, for, or about the making and completing of the said bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, bridges, roads, and other works hereinbefore directed to be made, and in, for, or about the purchasing of ground for those purposes, and in, for, or about any other matter or thing incident or in anywise relating thereto, expressing therein the time or times when, and name of the person or persons from or to whom such monies shall be received, paid, or applied respectively; and also shall from time to time, when thereunto required by the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, upon seven days previous notice being left at the dock office in Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, to and for the said dock company, produce and shew to the mayor of the said town, and acting warden of the said guild or brotherhood for the time being, and each of them, or to any person or persons to be for that purpose appointed by the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, in writing under their respective common seals, all and every or any of the accounts and vouchers concerning or relating to such receipts and payments.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Baid dock company shall hold general quarterly meetings at their office in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, on the second day of February, the second day of May, the second day of August, and the second day of November in every year, unless any of those days shall be Sunday, and then on the following day, until the said bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, roads, and other works hereinbefore directed to be made shall be completed and finished, and until all the accounts relating thereto shall be finally settled and closed, at which general meetings the accounts relating to the receipts and payments in the preceding quarter, in respect of the works, matters, and things last hereinbefore mentioned, shall be audited and settled; and that the mayor of the said town for the time being, and the acting warden of the said guild or brotherhood for the time being, or such person or persons as they shall respectively appoint, shall and may be present at every such meeting if they shall think proper; which said accounts, when so audited and settled, shall be signed by the chairman for the time being of such meetings, and shall he admitted and allowed as evidence in any court of law or justice, of the receipt, payment, and application of the several sums of money therein mentioned.

XXX1T. And, for the better enabling the said dock company to raise money to carry on the necessary works hereinbefore directed; Be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said dock company to create and Sell thirty new shares in the undertaking for making the bason or dock, wharfs, and other works in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, by the said recited act directed to be made, over and above the one hundred and twenty now existing shares in the same undertaking, either together or separately, and by public auction, and at such time or times, as to the said dock company shall seem meet, unto such person or persons, bodies corporate and politic, as shall be willing to become the purchaser or purchasers thereof; and that the said several new shares, when so sold, shall from thenceforth become vested in the respective purchasers thereof, and their respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns; and all and every the said new shares shall be deemed to be personal estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the nature of real property; and such respective purchasers, their several and respective successors, executors,

287

42 Geo. III. c. 91.

Dock Gimpony to keep separate Accounts of the Expence* of maxing the new Dock, &c.

Dock Company to audit the Account* of the new Dock.

Empowering the Dock Company to raise money ny Sale of Thirty new Shares.

Ship Docks and Quays.

[part IV.

42 Geo. HI. c. 91.

Subscriber* to hire Vote for every Share by themaelve* or Proxies.

If a sufficient number of the Company do not attend, the Meeting deemed adjourned.

Mayor and BurgesK* and the Trinity House to vote by ibe Mayor and Wardeu.

To authorise Dock Company to borrow Money on Mortgage of the Duties.

administrators, and assigns, shall from thenceforth be entitled to and receive in common with the proprietors of the said one hundred and twenty shares, a proportionable part, according to the number of shares of which he, she, or they shall be the proprietor or proprietors, of the profits and advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by virtue of the sum and sums of money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the authority of the said recited act and of this act, or either of them; and each of such several purchasers shall, in respect of each such share to be purchased by him, her, or them as aforesaid, bear and pay an adequate proportion and sum of money towards carrying on and supporting as well the works made in pursuance of the said recited act, as those directed to be made and executed by virtue of this act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons, bodies corporate and politic, who shall by virtue of this act become the purchaser or purchasers of the said new shares, or any of them, shall have a vote in every public meeting to be held by the said company by virtue of the said recited act or of this act, which vote may be given by the said respective persons, bodies corporate and politic, either by themselves or by their proxy or proxies (every such proxy being a proprietor in the said undertaking) duly constituted under the seal of the respective bodies corporate and politic, and under the band and seal or hands and seals of all other proprietors, and such vote or votes by proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all intents and purposes, as if such principal or principals had voted in person; and any person or persons, bodies corporate and politic, who shall have one or more such share or shares, whether old or new shares, shall have liberty, by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their proxy or proxies, regularly constituted as aforesaid, to give one vote for each such share, not exceeding ten shares for each such body corporate and politic, and not exceeding two such shares for any one other proprietor; and whatever question, matter, or thing shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any public meeting of the said dock company, to be held by virtue of the said recited act or of this act, shall be finally determined by the majority of votes and proxies then present, computing one vote fot every share to the extent aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if at any public meeting of the said dock company there shall not be present, either as principals or proxies, proprietors of forty-one shares, then the said meeting shall be deemed to be adjourned to that day sevennight, at the same place where such meeting was appointed to be held.

XXXV. And whereas by the said recited act, the proprietors of shares in the said undertaking are empowered, in every public meeting of the said dock company, to vote either by themselves or by their proxy or proxies (every such proxy being a proprietor in the said undertaking) constituted as therein mentioned: and whereas the requiring such proxy or proxies to be a proprietor or proprietors in the said undertaking, has, so far as the same relates to the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, been found by experience to be inconvenient; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and burgesses, by the mayor for the time being, or by any of the aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to be deputed by such mayor by writing under his hand and seal, and for the said guild or brotherhood, by the acting warden for the time being, or by aqy of the elder brethem of the same guild or brotherhood, to be deputed by such warden by writing under his band and seal, to represent the corporations to which they shall respectively belong, at any meetings of the 6&id dock company; and for the said mayor and warden respectively, or their respective deputies constituted as aforesaid, to vote at all or any of such meetings, whether such mayor or warden, or their respective deputies, be proprietors of shares in the said undertaking or not: notwithstanding any thing in the said recited act or this act contained to the contrary.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said dock company to borrow and take up at interest, on the credit of the rates and duties by the said recited act granted, such sum or suras of money as shall be sufficient to defray the said dock company's half part of the expences of executing and perfecting the works hereby intended, or anj other works to be made and executed by the said dock company, or such

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

289

part or parts thereof as the said dock company shall from time to time think proper to borrow and take up at interest; and the said dock company are hereby fully authorised and empowered to assign over the rates and duties arising by virtue of the said recited act and of this act, or either of them, or any part thereof (the costs and charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such rates and duties) as a security for any such sum or sums of money so to be borrowed, with interest, to such person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance the same, in such manner and by such ways and means as are prescribed and directed by the said recited act, with respect to any monies thereby authorised to be raised for carrying the same into execution.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the interest of the money which shall be borrowed by mortgage of the rates or duties as aforesaid, shall be paid half yearly to the several parties entitled thereto, in preference to any interest or dividends due and payable by virtue of the said recited act or of this act to the said dock company *

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said dock company, from time to time and as often as they shall judge necessary, to apply the rates or duties to be received by virtue of the said recited act or of this act, or the rents and profits arising or to arise from the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the said dock company, or any part thereof, in payment and discharge of the principal monies to be borrowed by the said dock company as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And whereas it hath been agreed by and between the said mayor and burgesses, the said guild or brotherhood, and the said dock company, that, in order to promote the making of the said bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, roads, and other works as aforesaid, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, shall respectively become purchasers of so many of the said new shares, not exceeding ten, for each of the said corporations, as the said dock company shall require them to take, at the price or sum of one thousand pounds for each share; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and they are hereby' respectively authorised, empowered, and required (on receiving notice in writing for that purpose from the said dock company under their common seal, at any time before the completion of the works hereinbefore directed to be made and executed) with the monies or effects belonging to the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, to become purchasers of so many of the said new shares as shall be expressed in such notice, not exceeding the number last hereinbefore mentioned, at or for the price or sum of one thousand pounds for each such share; and in case the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, shall not be required to become the purchasers of the said new shares as last before-mentioned, then it shall be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and each of them, of their own free will and pleasure, to become the purchasers, at any other price or prices, of any number of new shares in the said undertaking which the said dock company shall think proper to sell by auction.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said dock company shall and they are hereby required, from time to time, upon notice to them given by the said mayor and burgesses, or their common officer for the time being, to lay or cause to be laid on the fore shore of the river Humber, belonging to the said mayor and burgesses, so much of the earth to be excavated from the ground where the said additional bason or dock, and entrance, are intended to be made, when and as the same shall be excavated, as shall be required by the said mayor and burgesses, and which shall not be wanted for the works of the said dock company; and that in all cases where any additional expence shall be occasioned by laying such excavated earth on the fore shore of the said mayor and burgesses, in pursuance of any such notice as aforesaid, over and above what it would have cost the said dock company to have laid the same elsewhere, such additional expense shall be paid by the said mayor and burgesses to the said dock company.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said dock company shall, from time to time and at all times hereafter, well and sufficiently repair, main See 14 Geo. 111. c. 56, a 33, &c page 349, ante,

O o

42 Geo. HI. c. 91.

Interest of the Money borrowed, to be paid Half Yearly in pro. ference to the Dividends.

For paying off principal Monies.

Mayor and burgesses, and Trinity House, to purchase Ten new Shares each, at 1,000per Share, if required o to do.

For laying excavated Earth on the ForeShore of the Mayor and Burgesses.

Company to support and cleanse the new Dock and Wharfs.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

42 Geo. III. c. 91.

Mayor, &c. to contribute to the Repair* of the Dock, lie. for a limited Term.

Wharfage Rates.

Against keeping Fire* or Lights on board Ships.

Dock Company to pay additional Salary for the Dock Master.

tain, support, light, watch, and cleanse the bason or dock, entrance, wharfs, bridges, and all other the works, matters, and things by them to be made, built, and provided by virtue of this act (except the public highway or road on the west side of the said works.)

XLII. And, in order to aid the said dock company in paying and defraying the expences of repairing, maintaining, supporting, lighting, watching, and cleansing the said bason or dock, entrance, wharfs, bridges, and works last hereinbefore mentioned, and in consideration of the improvement of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments of the said mayor and burgesses lying contiguous or near to the said intended bason or dock, and entrance, by the making therefrom; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said mayor and burgesses shall and they are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid after the rate of one thousand pounds per annum, from the opening of the said intended dock, during such time as the whole amount of the rates or duties of tonnage on shipping at the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, payable to the said dock company by virtue of the said recited act, shall not exceed the sum of nine thousand pounds per annum, to be calculated oc an average of the first three years after the opening of the said intended dock; and that whenever the said rates or duties shall amount on an average of three successive years after the opening of the said intended dock, to more than nine thousand pounds per annum, then the said payment of one thousand pounds per annum shall cease, and in lieu thereof the said mayor and burgesses shall and they are hereby required from thenceforward to pay or cause to be paid unto the said dock company, one half of the difference between such sum as the said rates and duties calculated as aforesaid shall amount unto, and the sum of eleven thousand pounds: provided always, that whenever the said rates and duties shall amount, after the opening of the said intended dock, on an average of three successive years, to the full sum of eleven thousand pounds per annum, the said mayor and burgesses shall from thenceforth be exonerated from all future payments towards the expences of repairing, maintaining, supporting, lighting, watching, and cleansing the said bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, bridges, and works last hereinbefore mentioned.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, and merchandise, which shall be landed or discharged on any of the wharfs which shall be made and built on the east and west sides, or north and south ends of the bason or dock, and entrance hereby directed to be made, shall be liable to pay, and shall be charged and chargeable with the like rates0 of wharfage and payments to the said dock company, as are or may be taken or received by them for any goods, wares, or merchandise loaded or discharged upon the quays or wharfs of the bason or dock made in pursuance of the said recited act; and that the said dock company shall have and be entitled to the like powers and remedies for the recovery thereof, as are given by the said recited act for the recovery of the rates and duties thereby granted.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawfhl for any person or persons to have, or keep or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp lighted (except in the manner hereinafter for that purpose mentioned) on board any ship or vessel within the said bason or dock, directed to be made by the said recited act, or within the said additional bason or dock intended to be made by virtue of this act (candles or lamps to be kept in lanthoms by and for the use of the officers of his Majesty's customs and excise, during their attendance on board ships or vessels within the said docks or basons, or either of them only excepted) at any time or times whatsoever either in the day time or in the night time, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than three pounds; any thing in the amid recited act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, roads, and other works hereinbefore directed to be made, shall be completed, the annual salary of one hundred pounds, by the said recited act directed to be paid by the treasurer of the said dock company to the said guild or brotherhood, to be by them applied as salaries and allowances to the dock and haven master, and his assistant or assistants for the time being, shall cease, and in lieu thereof the said treasurer shall and he is hereby required, from thenceforth to pay to the said guild or For these Rates see 14 Geo. III. c. 56. a 45, page 253, ante.

Class I.]

Ship Docks and Quays.

brotherhood, the annual salary of one hundred and sixty pounds, to be by them applied to and for the purposes last mentioned; which said annual sum of one hundred and sixty pounds shall be allowed to the said treasurer in his accounts.

XLVI.* And whereas in regard that the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, have agreed to contribute and pay, in equal shares and proportions between them, one moiety or half part of the ex-peuces of making such additional bason or dock, and entrance, wharfs, roads, and other conveniences as aforesaid; and in order to promote an undertaking so beneficial to his Majesty's revenue, and so conducive to the advancement and security of commerce; and also for and in consideration of the sum of eight thousand pounds of lawful British money hereby secured, to be paid into the treasury of his Majesty's office of ordnance at the times and iu manner hereinafter expressed, his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify his royal pleasure and consent, that all that piece or parcel of ground belonging to his Majesty's military works at or near Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and next hereinafter mentioned and described, with the appurtenances, shall be given and granted unto the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their res|>eetive successors for ever; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, all that piece o* parcel of ground being part of the land belonging to his Majesty's military works at Kingston-upon-Hull, on the east side of the river Hull, containing by estimation thirty-seven acres or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being in the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull and county of York, or one of them, together with and including the fore shores of the same piece or paiccl of ground extending to the low-water mark of the river Humber, the building called The North Blockhouse, and all other buildings, gates, walls, inner and outer ditches, cuts, land covered with water, ramparts, jetties, mooring posts, and other works, in, upon, or belonging to the said piece or parcel of ground and premises, which said piece or parcel of ground and premises comprise the whole of the land and buildings belonging to his Majesty's military works on the east side of the said river Hull (save and except the citadel, and the fore shore thereof, and which said citadel and fore shore or space comprehended between two straight lines, drawn on a right angle with the curtain of the said citadel, and extending from the said citadel to the low-water mark of the said river Humber, are meant and are hereby declared to be reserved to his Majesty, his heirs and successors) shall be granted and confirmed; and the same are hereby declared to be accordingly granted and confirmed unto the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors, to and for the sole and absolute use, benefit, and advantage of the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors for ever, freed and discharged of and from all claim, right, and title whatsoever of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, in right of his crown or otherwise.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said sum of eight thousand pounds shall be paid into the treasury of his Majesty's office of ordnance, to be applied to the current service of the said office of ordnance, by the said mayor and burgesses, the said guild or brotherhood, and the said dock company, in the proportions and at the times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) the sura of four thousand pounds, (being one moiety or equal half part thereof) by the said dock company, and the further sum of four thousand pounds, being the residue, and in full of the said sum of eight thousand pounds, by the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, in equal shares and proportions; and that the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said sum of eight thousand pounds, shall he paid by the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, in the proportions aforesaid, at the expiration of one year next after the said dock and entrance, wharfs, roads, and other conveniences shall be completed and finished, and the sum of one thousand pounds in like manner and in the same proportions on the first day of January iu every year thereafter, until the whole of the said sum of eight thousand pounds shall be paid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer for the time being of his Majesty's said office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall and he is hereby ' authorised and required to receive the said sum of eight thousand pounds^ See 4 Geo. IV. c. .r>2, post.

291

42 Geo. IIL c. 91.

Grant of Part of his Majesty'* Military Works.

Motte nf Payment

of 8, oooo.£. f.»r

Government

Ground.

Treasurer of the Onlmnec to Receipts. 8

Ship Docks and Quay*. [Part IV.

42 Geo. Ilf. c. 91.

For enforcing Payment of 8,000i; .

To enable Corporal inns of Mayor and Burgrwe *, and Trinity House, to sell, lu*.

at the times and in the proportions as the same is hereinbefore directed and agreed to be paid, and to give receipts or discharges from time to time for the same; which receipts or discharges so to be given as aforesaid, shall be in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say:)

Received the day of of the mayor and

14 burgesses of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull [or, of the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity House at Kingston-upon-Hull, or, of the dock company at Kingston upon-Hull, as the case may be] the sum of of lawful

British money, being their proportion of the payment of

eight thousand pounds, which by an act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here insert the title of this Act] is directed and agreed to be paid into the treasury of his Majesty's office of ordnance, for the purchase of certain lands and premises belonging to his Majesty's military works on the east side of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and by the said Act granted to the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors, and which is to be applied to the current service of his Majesty's said Office of ordnance. As witness my band treasurer or

deputy treasurer." %

Witness

And which receipts or discharges, when so signed by the said treasurer or his deputy for the time being, shall be enrolled in the office of the King's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster; and the proper officer of the said court is hereby required, upon the production of such receipts, to eurol the same accordingly, and at the foot or on the back thereof respectively, to give a certificate of such enrolment; and the said receipts or discharges, or a copy of such enrolment, duly attested by the proper officer of the said court of exchequer, shall at all times thereafter be admitted and allowed as evidence in any court of law or equity, of the payment of such part or parts of the said sum of eight thousand pounds, as shall be expressed in such receipt or receipts to have been paid and received in pursuance of this act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That until payment shall be made of the said sum of eight thousand pounds in manner aforesaid, or of the shares or proportions of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, on the several days and times hereinbefore limited and appointed for that purpose, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the said sum of eight thousand pounds shall be charged upon all and every the estates, lands, and hereditaments of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively; and that in default of payment thereof in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, into or upon all and every or any of the estates, lands, or hereditaments of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, or such of them as shall so make default, when and as often as it shall so happen, to enter and distrain for the same, and the distress or distresses there found to take, carry away, sell, and dispose of, at his or their free will and pleasure, rendering the overplus of the money to arise by such sale or sales, together with the residue of the goods and chattels so to be distrained, and which shall not be sold or disposed of for the purposes aforesaid (if any such there be) on demand to the owner or owners thereof, or otherwise to enter into and upon all and every or any of the estates, lands, or hereditaments of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, or such of them as shall so make default in payment as aforesaid, and by sale or mortgage of such estates, lands, grounds, and hereditaments, to raise the sum or sums of money which shall be so in arrear or unpaid, and all costs and charges attending the same, or in anywise relating thereto.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their successors respectively, from time to time, by sale or mortgage of all or any of the lauds, grounds, and hereditaments hereby granted, to raise

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

293

money towards defraying their respective shares or proportions of the expences of making the said dock and entrance, wharfs, roads, and other works hereinbefore directed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, from time to time to nominate and appoint three of the aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for the said guild or brotherhood, and their successors, from time to time to appoint three of the elder brethren of the said Trinity House at Kingston-upon-Hull, which six persons, so to be appointed, shall be a committee, with full power for a majority of them to act in the management and disposal of the grounds, hereditaments, and premises hereby granted; and that upon all questions where the said committee shall divide equally, two indifferent and disinterested persons residing in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or within twenty miles thereof, shall be appointed by the said committee to determine the same; and if such two persons, so to be appointed as last mentioned, shall disagree therein, then the same shall be referred to and determined by one indifferent person, to be by the said referees appointed umpire in the premises; whose determination thereon shall be final and conclusive to and upon all parties.

LII. And, in order to enable the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, to raise money for the purposes of this act; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, by indenture under their respective common seals, to grant and convey in fee, either for a sum or sums of money in gross, or for an annual rent, or to mortgage or demise for a term of years, all and every or any of the lands, grounds, hereditaments, and premises hereby granted, for such sum or sums of money, or under such yearly rents, and to be reserved or limited in such manner as the committee, to be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned for the management and disposal of such hereditaments and premises, shall from time to time judge proper; and that all such grants, conveyances, mortgages, and demises respectively, shall be valid and effectual in the law, any thing herein contained, or any other law, statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon payment of the money which shall arise by the sale or sales, mortgage or mortgages, of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any parts, or parcels thereof respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the treasurer or treasurers for the time being of the said mayor and burgesses, and of the said guild or brotherhood respectively, to sign and give receipts for the money for which the same shall be sold or mortgaged, which receipts shall be sufficient discharges to the purchaser or purchasers, mortgagee or mortgagees, for the money for which such premises shall be so sold or mortgaged, or for so much thereof as in such receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such person or persons shall not be answerable or accountable for any losses, misapplication, or non-application of such purchase or mortgage monies, or any part thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the occupiers of and persons inhabiting, using, or carrying on any trade or business in or upon the said piece or parcel of ground, hereditaments, and premises hereby granted, or any part thereof, shall, and they and every of them are hereby severally and respectively strictly enjoined and required to surrender and relinquish the same, and peaceably and quietly to deliver up the possession thereof to the said mayor and burgesses, and guild or brotherhood, or to such person or persons as the committee of the said two corporations, to be nominated as aforesaid, shall authorise to take possession thereof; and in case any such occupier or occupiers, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall not deliver up such possession as aforesaid, before the expiration of six calendar months next after being thereunto required, by a notice in writing under the hand of any clerk or clerks to the said committee left upon the premises respectively, or given to or left at the last or usual place of abode of the person or persons who shall be so required to deliver up possession, then it shall be lawful for the said committee to issue a precept or precepts under the hands of the persons composing the said committee, or the majority of them, to the sheriff of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to cause possession of the respective premises to be delivered to

42 Geo. III. c. 91.

For appointing a Commil tee for the Garnaou Ground.

To authorise the Mtyor and Burgewea, &c. to convey.

To oblige Occupiers, let. to quit

294

42 Geo. 111. c. 91.

Garrison Ground declared to be within the Town and County of Kingtton.upon-Huli.

For making a new road to the Garrison.

For purchasing Land for a Third

Dock.

Application of the Monies to arise by Sale of Land for the Third Dock.

Ship Docks and Quays. [part 1Y.

inch person or persons as shall be in such precept or precepts nominated to receive possession of the same, and also to direct the said sheriff to levy such costs as shall accrue by means of the issuing and execution of every such precept, by distress mod sale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons who shall have refused or neglected to pay the same costs; And such sheriff is hereby required >to deliver possession, .and levy such costs in manner aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said piece or parcel of ground, hereditaments, and premises hereby granted, shall, from and after the passing of this act be and the same are hereby declared to be within the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors, shall at their joint and equal expence, within twelve calendar months next after the passing of this act, make and for ever hereafter maintain a good and sufficient road of the width of forty feet at the least, leading from the turnpike road near the north blockhouse, in a south easterly direction over the ground hereby granted, to the ancient gateway or entrance in the north wall of the said citadel, in the place where the road anciently led to the same gateway or entrance, or as near thereto as conveniently may be, for the passage of horses, carriages, and foot passengers, to and from the said citadel; and that so soon as the same road shall be made and put into proper order and condition, the road along the west side of the said piece or parcel of ground and premises hereby granted, and all other roads in and upon the same ground, shall cease to be used as a road or roads, and be for ever discontinued.

LVI. And whereas it is probable, from the increasing commerce of the aid port of Kingston-upon-Hull, that besides the bason or dock hereinbefore directed to be made, another bason or dock may soon become necessary: and whereas it is expedient, on account of the great and progressive increase of buildings at the town of Kingston-upon-Hnll aforesaid, and in the neighbourhood thereof, that the said dock company should have power to purchase, as soon after the passing of this act as conveniently may be, lands and tenements for the making of a bason or dock to extend from Mytom Gates to Beverley Gates aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted* That it shall be lawful for the said dock company, or any person or persons by them in that behalf to be appointed, to oontract and agree with the owner or owners of any parcel or parcels of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of making the said bason or dock from Myton Gates to Beverley Gates, and for the wharfs and roads for the more convenient use thereof, and for laying soil, utensils, and materials upon, for the repairs of the said last mentioned works, whenever such repairs may become necessary* or for other purposes relating to the said bason or dock, for the purchasing their respective estates and interests therein, and to purchase the same, and to take a conveyance, assignment, or surrender thereof, and for such price or consideration as shall hi agreed upon between the contracting parties; and that it shall be lawful for all bodies politic and corporate, and ail other persons whomsoever, under any disability or incapacity whatsoever, to treat and agree with the said dock company for the absolute tale and conveyance of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments which may be wanted to be purchased for the purposes last hereinbefore mentioned, and to convey, Assign, or surrender the same to the said dock company, or any person or persons in trust for them; and that such conveyance or conveyances, surrender or surrenders, shall also be registered or enrolled, as the case may require, in such and the like manner in all respects as is hereinbefore provided and enacted with respect to the lands, tenements, and hereditaments to be purchased for the making of the said dock between Myton Gates and Hessle Gates.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the whole monies which shall be agreed to be paid for any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, purchased by the said dock company for the purposes last hereinbefore mentioned, which shall belong to any corporation, feme covert, infant, lunatic, or person or persons under any other disability or incapacity whatsoever, shall be laid out, by and with the approbation of the oourt of chancery, in the purchase of manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an

Class I.] Ship Dock* and Quay*.

295

estate in fee simple in possession, situate in the town or county of th? town 42 Geo. III. of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and East Riding of the county of York, or c gj one of them, whereof not more than one-sixth shall be copyhold; all which premises so to be purchased as last aforesaid, shall be conveyed, settled, and a»ured to such uses, and upon such trusts, intents, and purposes, and-under and subject to such powers, provisoes, directions, and limitations, as the lands, tenements, and hereditaments to be purchased by the said dock company as last aforesaid, shall, at the time of such respective purchases, stand limited, settled, and assured, or such of them as shall be then existing and undetermined, and capable of taking effect, or as near thereto as the nature and quality of the estates so to be purchased will admit of.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said dock company shall pay Monie# to l>«-«aid the purchase money which shall be agreed to be paid by them for the purchase of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments for the purposes last herein- "/the Accountant before mentioned, which shall belong to any corporation, feme covert, GcueraL infant, lunatic, or person or persons under any other disability or incapacity as aforesaid, into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the court of Chancery, to be placed to their account ex parte the said dock company, pursuant to the method prescribed by the act of the twelfth year of King George the First, chapter the thirty-second, and the general orders of the said court, and without fee or reward, according to the act of the twelfth year of King George the second, chapter the twenty-fourth; which monies when so paid in shall be laid out in the purchase of navy or victualling or transport bills, or exchequer hills; and the interest arising from the money to be laid out in the said navy or victualling or transport bills, or exchequer bills, and the money received for the same as they shall be respectively paid off by government, shall be laid out, in the name of the said Accountant General, in the purchase of other navy or victualling or transport bills, or exchequer bills; all which said navy or victualling or transport bills, and exchequer bills, shall be deposited in the bank in the name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper purchase or proper purchases shall be found and approved of as aforesaid, and until the same shall, upon a petition to be preferred to the court of chancery in a summary way, by or on the behalf of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the freehold or inheritance of the lands or hereditaments so to be purchased, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the completing such purchase or purchases, in such manner as the said court shall think just and direct; and if the money arising by the sale of such navy or victualling or transport, or exchequer bills, shall exceed the amount of the original purchase money so laid out as aforesaid, then, and in that case only, the surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the rents and profits of the lands directed to be purchased, in case the same had been purchased pursuant to the direction of this act, or to the representative of such person or persons.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the certificate and certificates of the Certificate# of said Accountant General, together with the receipt and receipts of the Accounuut cashier of the bank to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the register ^DUdianres

office of the said court of chancery, of the payment into the bank of Eng- Jo Purchweni land, by the said dock company, of their purchase money, shall from time to time be and be deemed and taken to be a good and sufficient discharge to the said dock company, their successors and assigns, for so much of the said purchase money or monies for which such certificate or certificates, and receipt or receipts as aforesaid shall be given, and after giving such certificate or certificates, and receipt or receipts, the said dock company, their successors and assigns, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any loss, misapplication, or non-application thereof, or of any part thereof.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the costs of the E3cpencCTaj several applications to be made to the said court respecting the matters last Application# to aforesaid, and the costs of taking the said monies out of the bank, and in- the Court of vesting the same in a new purchase or purchases as aforesaid, or such part or parts thereof as the said court shall deem reasonable, shall be paid and 1 *

defrayed by the said dock company, their successors or assigns.

296

42 Geo. III.

c. 91.

For raising I he Purchase Mouey for Land for a Third Dock.

For making a 1 bird Dock.

For laying Pipe* into the Docks.

Manner of recovering Penalties repealed.

Recovery of Penalties.

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the monies for the purchase of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments last hereinbefore mentioned, shall be advanced, raised, and paid by the said mayor and burgesses, the said guild or brotherhood, and the said dock company, in the several proportions following; that is to say, one-fourth part thereof by the said mayor and burgesses, one other fourth part thereof by the said guild or brotherhood, and the two remaining fourth parts thereof by the said dock company; and that whenever the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall be applied and appropriated to the purposes of making the said dock from Myton Gates to Beverley Gates, and the works thereto belonging, the monies which shall have been paid by the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, for the purchase of the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall be repaid to the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively; and that in the mean time and until the said last-mentioned lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall be applied and appropriated to the purposes last hereinbefore mentioned, the rents and profits to arise therefrom shall be paid to, and shared and divided amongst the said mayor and burgesses, the said guild or brotherhood, and the said dock company, in the several proportions in which the monies for the purchase of the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall have been advanced, raised, and paid by them respectively.

LXll. And be it further enacted, That whenever the average tonnage of ships and vessels, which after the passing of this act shall resort to the said port of Hull, and be subject by the said recited act to the payment of rates and duties to the said dock company, shall, on an average of three successive years, bear as great a proportion to the joint area of the bason or dock made under the authority of the said recited act, and of the bason or dock to be made by this act, as the average tonnage of the ships and vessels which resorted to the port of Hull, and paid rates and duties to the said dock company in the several years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety two, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, bean to the area of the present dock, the said dock company shall and they are hereby required to make another dock from Myton Gates to Whitefriar Gates, to contain sixty sail of ships, or square rigged vessels, of the average tonnage of the ships or vessels usually frequenting the said port, and to communicate with the said two other docks: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel or oblige the said dock company to make the said last-mentioned bason or dock, until the bason or dock, and works hereinbefore directed to be made, shall be completed, and until one half of the monies to be advanced and paid by the said mayor and burgesses, the said guild or brotherhood, and the said dock company, for the purchase of ground for the said bason or dock from Myton Gates to Beverley Gates, and also of the monies to be expended in the making of the said last-mentioned bason or dock, and works thereunto belonging, be first secured to be paid to the said dock company, when and as the same shall be wanted for those purposes.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor and burgesses, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to lay, or cause to be laid, pipes from their waterworks at or near Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, through the lands and grounds of the said dock company, into the present bason or dock, and the basons or docks to be made by virtue of this act, or any of them, for the purpose of supplying the ships therein with fresh water, so as the same be laid by or under the direction of the surveyor for the time being of the works of the said dock company, but at the expence of the said mayor and burgesses.

LXIV. And whereas the manner of levying and recovering the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the said recited act have been found inconvenient, Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the same shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures by the said recited act or this act inflicted or directed to be inflicted fthe recovery of which is not therein or herein otherwise directed) shall, it the same be not paid on demand, be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders wheresoever the same can be found; and in case no such distress can be had, then it shall be lawfol for

I

297

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

any justice of the peace of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit the party offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the said town for the space of twenty days, without bail or mainprize, unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, lessen, impeach, or prejudice any existing mortgage, charge, annuity, or other encumbrance, upon or affecting any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the said mayor and burgesses, and guild or brotherhood respectively.

LXVn. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect any of the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of or in anywise belonging to the said guild or brotherhood, or which they might have used, exercised, or enjoyed by virtue of any charter, letters patent, grant, right, or title whatsoever, otherwise than as the same ire by this act expressly taken away, varied, altered or restrained.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect any of the rights, dues, duties, and payments, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of or in anywise belonging to the said mayor and burgesses, otherwise than as the same are by this act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

LXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect any of the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities, given or granted to or vested in the said dock company in and by the said recited act, otherwise than as the same are by this act expressly taken away, varied, altered, or restrained.

LXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That this act shall be taken and allowed in all courts of judicature within this kingdom as a public act, and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

45 Geo. 111. c. 42.

Encumbrance* oot to be affected.

Saving to the Trinity Houa*.

Saving to the Mayor and Burgewea.

Saving to the Dock Company.

Public Act

45 Geo. II!. Cap. 42. Royal Assent, 5th June, 1805.

An Act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution an act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hul).

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of Preamble, his present Majesty, intituled," An Act for making and establishing public Reciteg 14

* quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull, for the better securing his m. c. 56.

" Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit of commerce in the M port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a bason or dock, with reservoirs,

sluices, roads, and other works, for the accommodation of vessels using the said port, and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty,

" and for applying certain sums of money out of his Majesty's customs at

the said port for those purposes, and for establishing other necessary " regulations within the town and port of Kingston-upon-Hull," whereby his Majesty was empowered to appoint open quays at the said port as therein directed, and certain persons therein named, and others therein described, were declared to be united into a company which should be known by the style or firm of " The Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull," and were empowered to make a bason or dock, together with a quay or wharf, and such other works at the port of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, as therein mentioned.

II. And whereas an act was passed in the forty-second year of the reign 42 Geo. 111. c. 92. of Ms present Majesty for amending the said recited act, and for making

pp

206

Ship Dock? and Quays.

[Part IV.

46 Geo. 111. c. 42.

That thirty new shares had been created and sold.

That great pro. greA had been made inlhe works and that more money was neceamry.

Dock Company author i wd to sell thirty more Shares

additional basons or docks at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, with an entrance into the same from the river Humber, whereby the said company, the better to enable them to raise money to carry on the works thereby directed to be made, were authorised to create and sell thirty new shares in the undertaking for making the bason or dock, wharfs, and other works in the said act first hereinbefore recited directed to be made, over and above the one hundred and twenty shares then existing in the same undertaking, in such manner, and at such time or times, as is therein mentioned; and the said company were thereby also empowered to borrow and take up at interest, on the credit of the rates and duties by the said act first hereinbefore recited, granted to the said company, such sum or sums of money as should be sufficient to defray the said company's half part of the expences of executing and perfecting the works thereby intended, or any other works to be made and executed by the said company, or such part or parts thereof as the said company should from time to time think proper to borrow and take up at interest.

III. And whereas in pursuance of the said last hereinbefore recited act, the said thirty new shares have been created and sold by the said company as therein mentioned, and the said company have also borrowed and taken up at interest, several considerable sums of money on the credit of their common seal, but a sufficient sum of money for defraying the proportion of the ex pences to be paid by the said company in carrying on and perfecting the works thereby directed to be made, cannot at present be raised in the manner prescribed by the said last recited act.

IV. And whereas considerable progress hath been made in carrying on the works, and in making the purchases which by the said last recited act were authorised to be made; but from the great price paid for the land purchased for the use of the said works, and from the great advance in the price of materials and labour necessary for the completion of the same, and from other circumstances which have taken place since the passing of the said last recited act, it is found that the said act cannot be carried into execution, unless a power be given to the said company to raise money by creating and selling a greater number of new shares in the said undertaking than they were authorised to sell by the said last recited act.

V. And whereas the powers and provisions of the said acts are in some respects defective, and require to be amended and enlarged; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the better and more effectually enabling the said company to carry into execution the purposes of the said last recited act, and to provide for the necessary charges relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said company to create and sell thirty more new shares in the said undertaking, as well over and above the one hundred and twenty original shares, as the thirty new shares lately sold by the said company in the same undertaking, either together or separately, and by public auction, or otherwise, and at such time or times as to the said company shall seem meet, unto such person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, as shall be willing to become the purchaser or purchasers thereof; and that the said several new shares when so sold, shall from thenceforth become vested in the respective purchasers thereof, and their respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns; and all and every the said new shares shall be deemed to be personal estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the nature of real property; and such respective purchasers, their several and respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, shall from thenceforth be entitled to and receive in common with, as well the proprietors of the said one hundred and twenty original shares, as of the thirty new shares lately sold by the said company, in the said undertaking as aforesaid, a proportionable part, according to the number of shares of which he, she, or they shall be the proprietor or proprietors, of the profits and advantages that shall or may arise and accrue by virtue of the sum and sums of money to be raised, recovered, or received by the authority of the said recited acts, or either of them; and each of such several purchasers shall, in respect of each such share to be purchased by him, her, or them as aforesaid, bear and pay an adequate proportion and sum of money

209

Class I.] Ship Docks and Quays.

towards carrying' on and supporting, as well the works made in pursuance of the said first hereinbefore recited act, as those directed to be made and executed by virtue of the said last hereinbefore recited act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons, bodies corporate and politic, who shall by virtue of this act become the purchaser or purchasers of the said new shares or any of them, shall have a vote at every public meeting to be held by the said company, by virtue of the said recited acts or either of them, or of this act, which vote may be given by the said respective persons, bodies corporate and politic, either by themselves or by their proxy or proxies (every person holding such proxy being a proprietor in the said undertaking) duly constituted under the seal of the respective bodies corporate and politic, or under the hand and seal or hands and seals of all other proprietors, and such vote or votes by proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all intents and purposes, as if such principal or principals had voted in person; and any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, who shall have one or more such share or shares, whether old or new shares, shall have liberty by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her or their proxy or proxies, regularly constituted as aforesaid, to give one vote for each such share, not exceeding ten shares for each such body corporate and politic, and not exceeding two such shares for any one other proprietor; and whatever question, matter, or thing shall be proposed, discussed, or considered at any public meeting of the said company, to be held by virtue of the said recited acts or either of them, or of this act, the same shall be finally determined by the majority of votes and proxies then present, computing one vote for every share to the extent aforesaid.

VII. And whereas much inconvenience may arise by the frequent transposition and change of the right and title to the shares of and in the said undertaking, by the marriage and death of proprietors, and it may be difficult in such cases to ascertain to whom the dividends arising or becoming due upon such shares ought to be paid and do belong; Be it therefore farther enacted, That before any person or persons who shall claim any part or share of the profits of the said undertaking, in right of marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an affidavit containing a copy of the register of such marriage, or the purport of such register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible person, before a master or master extraordinary in chancery, or one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and shall be transmitted to the clerk for the time being of the said company, who shall file the same, and make an entry thereof in the book or books which shall he kept by the said clerk for the entry of transfers and sales of shares in the said undertaking; and that before any person or persons who shall claim any part or share of the profits of such undertaking, under or by virtue of any will or bequest, or in a course of administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said will or the probate copy thereof, or the letters of administration, in case the proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be produced and shewn to the said clerk, who shall make an entry of such will, or of a copy of so much thereof as shall relate to the disposition of the share or shares of the testator, or the letters of administration, in case the proprietor shall have died intestate, as before directed, and who shall be paid for every such entry the sum of two shillings and sixpence and no more.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the receipt or receipts of the person or persons in whose name or names any share or shares in the said undertaking shall stand in the books of the said company, shall from time to time be a good and sufficient discharge to the treasurer or treasurers for the time being to the said company, for any dividend or dividends, sum or sums of money, which shall become due and payable, and be paid for or in respect of such share or shares, notwithstanding, any uses, trusts, intents, or purposes, upon or to which such share or shares shall be then settled, limited, conveyed, or assured.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said company, their agents, servants, or workmen, as often as occasion shall require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen, or cut through and take away any banks, hills, earth, soil, or rubbish, in the said haven, docks, or basons, or near the entrance or entrances thereto, in such manner as the said company shall think proper, for the convenient entrance of shipping into the said haven, docks, or basons respectively, and their security

45 Geo. HI. c. 42.

Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share, by themselves or Proxy.

Proofs required where Rights accrue by Marriage or Death.

Payment of

Dividends, Sic. to the Person in whose Name the ssme shall stand in the Company's Books to be good.

Power to cleanse the Haven, Docks, and Fawm*.

800

Skip Dockt and Quays. [part IV.

46 Geo. III. c. 42.

To remove Wrecks, Sur.

Dockland Basons lo be Part of the Port of Hull.

Barbour Master, Dock Master, Lock Keeper, fcc. not to give undue Preference.

Ships, See. not to obstruct the Entrance into the Humber Dock.

Por preventing Nuisances in the Haven, Dockr,

Stc.

and accommodation therein, and for the more free passage of water in the aid haven; and also to remove and take away any wrecks of ships or vessels, or any ship or vessel that shall be sunk, or any wood, timber, stones, anchors, or other obstructions or impediments of the like nature in the said haven, docks, or basons respectively, or near the entrance or entrances thereto, that may be found or arise therein respectively; and in case the owner or owners of any such wrecks, ship, or vessel, or other obstruction so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the charge of removing the same, for the space of three days after demand thereof made by any officer of the said company, then the owner or owners of any such wrecks of ships or vessels, or any ship or vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any wood, timber, stones, anchors, or other obstructions or impediments of the like nature, shall for every such offence forfeit (exclusive of the expencta incurred by removing the same) the sum of five pounds, and the same shall be recovered and applied in such manner as other penalties and forfeitures are by the said last hereinbefore recited act directed to be recovered and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That the same rights and privileges which belong to the present port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall be extended to the said docks and basons respectively, which to all intents and purposes shall be deemed and held to be part of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and all ships and vessels entering into, or loading or unloading in the said docks or basons, or any of them, and all goods, merchandise, and other things which shall be loaded or unloaded in or pass through the same, and all owners or masters of ships, merchants and others resorting thereto, are and shall be subject to the several regulations, and liable to the several duties to which they are or have been subject and liable in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any haven master, dock master, lock keeper, wharfinger, or other officer to be appointed in pursuance and by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited acts or either of^them, shall give undue preference to, or in any manner unnecessarily retard or obstruct any ship, lighter, barge, boat, or other vessel passing into or out of the said haven, docks, or basons respectively, or from one station to another therein, or in loading or unloading any goods or other things at any of the wharfs, weighbeams, cranes, or other machines which shall belong to the said company or their successors, by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited acts or either of them, or of this present act, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds, which shall be recovered by such ways and means, and for such uses as penalties and forfeitures are by the said hereinbefore recited acts or either of them, to be recovered.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Humber dock and bason, at Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, shall be so far completed as to admit ships, vessels, or craft to enter therein, no ship or other vessel or vessels shall lie in the river Humber within two hundred yards of the entrance of the said bason, unless it be for the purpose of coming into or going out of the said bason, so that at all times the entrance may be kept clear and without obstruction, and over this space the dock master shall have controu] so far as relates to the placing or transporting ships and vessels coming into or going out of the said dock; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And, for the better making and preserving of a free and elear entrance, navigation, and passage into and within, and also a free and dear passage out of the said haven, docks, and basons respectively; Be it farther enacted, That no ship, lighter, barge, boat, or other vessel, oif any description whatever, shall lie across, in, or in anywise unnecessarily obstruct any of the entrances or passages into or within any of the passages or ontlets from the said haven, docks, or basons respectively, or be permitted to strike or run upon or against any of the locks, floodgates, or bridges thereof; and that if any ship, lighter, barge, boat, or other vessel, entering, navigating, using, lying, loading, or unloading upon or within the said haven, docks, or basons respectively, shall be placed or suffered to remain in any part of the same respectively, so as unnecessarily to obstruct the navigation thereof; and the master, owner, or other person having the command

CLiSft I.] Skip Docks and Quays.

30t

or direction of such vessel shall not immediately, upon request made by the haven master, dock master, or other proper officer to be appointed by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited acts or either of them, or of this act, remove the same, he shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, and also a sum not exceeding five pounds for every hour of such obstruction after such requisition; and it shall be lawful for the said haven master, dock master, or other proper officer to be appointed as aforesaid, to cause any such ship, lighter, baige, or other vessel, to be removed, in such manner and to such place as shall be proper for preventing such obstruction, or to be unloaded, if necessary, and to seize or distrain such ship, lighter, barge, boat, or other vessel, and the lading thereof, or any part of such lading, until the charges occasioned by such removal shall be paid; and if any person or persons shall suffer the loading of any boat or barge, or other vessel navigating in or upon the said haven, docks, or basons, to be over the sides thereof, and shall not immediately, when so required, remove such obstruction; or if any person shall wantonly, carelessly, or negligently, open or cause to be opened any dock gate, valve, or dough, belonging to any lock erected or to be erected on the said works or any of them, or wantonly or mischievously flush or draw off, or cause to be flushed or drawn off, water from the said docks or basons, or either of them, or shall suffer any ship, lighter, barge, boat, or other vessel, to strike upon or against any of the bridges, locks, walls, or piers thereof, every person aooffending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence a sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds, over and above the expences of repairing the damages which may be occasioned thereby.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no wood or timber which shall be delivered in the said haven, docks, or basons, or any of them, shall be permitted to lie or remain therein for a longer time than forty-eight hours sifter the delivery thereof, upon pain of forfeiting any sum not exceeding five pounds; and in case the same shall not be removed during the flood tide next after the expiration of that time, or a sufficient cause shewn wby it should not be removed, the owner or owners thereof shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every tide the same shall remain after such flood tide.

XV. And be it farther enacted, That no holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said haven, or the quays or wharfs erected or to be erected thereon by virtue of the said first herein before recited act, or at the said docks, basons, quays, wharfs, warehouses, or other works of the said company, either by any officer or officers of or belonging to his Majesty's revenue, or by any officer or servant of the said company, or other person or persons whomsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Days, and Good Fridays, and any day which shall be appointed by his Majesty's proclamation for the purpose of a general fast or thanks* giving, but that all business of the said company, and relating to his

revenue, and of all persons using the said haven, docks, basons, quays, wharfs, warehouses, or other works, shall be carried on upon all holidays, except as before excepted, in the same manner as upon any other days in the year.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said hereinbefore recited acts respectively, and all and every the rates and duties, powers, authorities, provisions, regulations, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things therein and thereby respectively given, granted, vested, or to be executed fexcept so far as the same or any of them are by this present act enlarged, diminished, altered, qualified, or otherwise explained) shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full force, as well in regard to the said haven, and to the docks, basons, and other works, by the said act respectively directed or intended to be made, and for effecting all other the purposes of the same acts as for the purposes of this present act, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XVII. And be it farther enacted. That in case the person or persons to whom any sum or sums of money shall be awarded for the purchase of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited acts, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make a good title to the premises, to the satisfaction of the said company, or any

45 Geo. IIU c. 42.

Timber not to be left more than Forty-eight Hours.

No Holidays except Sundays, fcc.

Powers of the former Acts to extend to this Act.

In case of not making out Titles;

302 Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

45 Geo. Ift. c. 42.

Or if Persons cannot be found, Porchaae Mon; y to be paid into the Bank;

Subject to the Ordrr of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any que*. tion shall arise touching the title to Money the Person who shall be in Poteeeuoo of I^nds, Ate. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled.

flaring Right* of

the Trinity Hooea.

Fnblic Act

three or more of them; or in case such person or persons to whom such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the person or persons entitled to such lands, tenements, or hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said company, or any three or more of them, to order the said sum or 6ums of money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments [describing them] subject to the order, controul, pnd disposition of the said court of chancery; which said court, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of proceeding, or otherwise as to the same court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public funds, and to order distribution thereof, or payment of the dividends thereof, according to the respective estate or estates, title or interest, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other order in the premises as to the said court shall seem just and reasonable; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, who shall receive such sum or sums of money, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums of money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such person or persons as shall pay any such sum or sums of money into the bank as aforesaid.

XVIIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any question shall arise touching the title of any person to any money to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the Accountant General of the court of chancery, in pursuance of this act, for the purchase of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any estate, right, or interest, in any lands or hereditaments to be purchased io pursuance of the said acts, or to any bank annuities to be purchased with any such money, or to the dividends or interest of any such bank annuities, the person or persons who shall have been in possession of such lands or here* ditaments at the time of such purchase, and all persons claiming under such person or persons, or under the possession of such person or persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, according to such possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the satisfaction of the said court of chancery; and the dividends or interest of the bank annuities to be purchased with such money, and also the capital of such bank annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said court that such possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other person or persons was or were lawfully entitled to such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to some estate or interest therein.

XIX. And whereas the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, by virtue of certain charters or letters patent granted to them by his Majesty's royal predecessors the kings and queens of England, or some or one of them, are entitled to and have exercised and enjoyed several powers, privileges, and authorities in and concerning the haven of the said town of Kingston-upon-HnU, and the roadstead near the haven mouth of the said town, for the better regulation of ships there, and have from time to time appointed a haven master for the ordering of ships in the said haven, according to such rules, orders, and directions as the said guild or brotherhood have thought expedient; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or affect the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of the said guild or brotherhood about or concerning the said haven or roadstead and premises so vested in them, or which they might have used, exercised, and enjoyed by virtue of any act of parliament, charter, letters patent, grant, right, or title whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be & public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without being specially

, pleaded.

Class I.]

Ship Docks and Quays.

303

5 Geo. IV. c. 52.

5 Geo. IV. Cap. 52. Royal Assent, 3rd June, 1824.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the forty-second year of his late Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, as relates to certain lands belonging to his Majesty.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of 43 Geo m. c 91. his late Majesty, intituled an act for amending an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled " An act for " making and establishing public quays or wharfs at Kingston-upon-Hull,

* for the better securing his Majesty's revenue of customs, and for the " benefit of commerce in the port of Kingston-upon-Hull; for making a " bason or dock, with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, for the " accommodation of vessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain sums of " money out of his Majesty's customs in the said port for those purposes, and " for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and port of " Kingston-upon-Hull;" and also for making additional basons or docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, with an entrance into the same from the river Humber, and for granting certain lands belonging to his Majesty in aid of the said works: It was enacted, That from and after the passing of the said act all that piece or parcel of ground, being part of the land belonging to his Majesty's military works at Kingston-upon-Hull, on the east side of the river Hull, containing by estimation thirty-seven acres or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being in the county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull and county of York, or one of them, together with and including the foreshores of the same piece or parcel of ground, extending to the low-water mark of the river Humber, the building called the North Blockhouse, and all other buildings, gates, walls, inner and outer ditches, cuts, land covered with water, ramparts, jetties, mooring posts, and other works, in, upon, or belonging to the said piece or parcel of ground and premises, which said piece or parcel of ground and premises comprised the whole of the land and buildings belonging to his Majesty's military works on the east side of the said river Hull, (save and except the citadel and the foreshore thereof, and which said citadel and foreshore or space comprehended between two straight lines drawn on a right angle with the curtain of the said citadel, and extending from the said citadel to the low-water mark of the said river Humber, were meant and were thereby declared to be reserved to his Majesty, his heirs and successors,) should be granted and confirmed, and the same were thereby accordingly granted and confirmed unto the said mayor and burgesses and guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors for ever, freed and discharged of and from all claim, right, and title whatsoever of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, in right of his crown or otherwise; and it was by the said act directed, that the said sum of eight thousand pounds should be paid into the treasury of his Majesty's office of ordnance, to be applied to the current service of the said office of ordnance by the said mayor and burgesses, the said guild or brotherhood, and the dock company of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, in the proportions and at the times thereinafter mentioned; that is to say, the sum of four thousand pounds (being one moiety or equal half part thereof) by the said dock company, and the further sum of four thousand pounds (being the residue and in full of the said sum of eight thousand pounds) by the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood, in equal shares and proportions, by eight annual instalments of one thousand pounds each, at the times and in manner therein mentioned: and it was also further enacted, that until payment should be made of the said sum of eight thousand pounds in manner therein mentioned, or of the shares or proportions of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, on the several days and times thereinbefore

limited and appointed for that purpose, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, the said sum of eight thousand pounds should be charged upon all and every the estates, lands, and hereditaments of the said

3C4

Ship Docks and Quays. [Part IV.

5 Geo. IT. c. 52.

The piece of Land covered with Water, forming a Ditch surrounding the Citadel of King. ton.apon.Hull, and the Land occupied by the Sluice, fee.

dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brother* hood respectively; and that in default of payment thereof, in manner aforesaid, it should be lawful to and for his said Maje^y, his heirs and successors, into or upon all and every or any of the estates, lauds, or hereditaments of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, to enter and distrain, and thereby, or by such other ways and means as are therein mentioned, to raise the sum or sums of money which should be so in arrear or unpaid, and all costs and charges attending the same, or in anywise relating thereto: and whereas after the passing of the said recited act it was found that the giving up of the whole of the ditch which surrouuded the said citadel, and which formed part of the piece or parcel of ground granted by the said act, would be prejudicial to the defences of the place, and otherwise injurious to the public service; and such part of the said ditch as was necessary for the use and protection of the said citadel, containing by admeasurement eight acres one rood and two perches, was kept and retained for that purpose, and that the residue only of the said piece or parcel of ground was delivered up to the said mayor and burgesses and guild or brotherhood; and whereas on account of such retention as aforesaid, and on other accounts, no part of the said sum of eight thousand pounds in the said act mentioned and directed to be paid by the said three corporations was paid by them, or any of them, at the times and in manner therein mentioned, or at any time since: and whereas the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood have duly performed and fulfilled all the other matters and things which in and by the said act were undertaken to be performed and fulfilled by them, and have suffered a very heavy loss by reason of the retention of such part of the said ditch or piece or parcel of ground, containing eight acres one rood and two perches as aforesaid, wherefore the said principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance did consent and agree that, as a compensation for such retention and loss, they the said mayor and burgesses and guild or brotherhood should receive, in equal proportions, from the said dock company, the said sum of four thousand pounds, so payable by them the said dock company tinder the said act into the treasury of his Majesty's ordnance, and should be released and discharged from the payment of the said other or remaining sum of four thousand pounds, so payable under the said act by them the said mayor and burgesses and guild or brotherhood into the said treasury: and whereas, in pursuance of the said agreement, the said dock company did consent to pay and have accordingly paid to the said mayor and burgesses and guild or brotherhood the said sum of four thousand pounds, in equal shares or proportions between them: and whereas it is necessary that the said piece or parcel of ground, containing eight acres one rood and two perches, so kept and retained by the said principal officers, and now forming the ditch of the said citadel as aforesaid, should, together with another piece of land or ground on the west side of the said citadel, now occupied by the sluice used for filling the said ditch with water, be divested out of the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, and that the said two pieces or parcels of land or ground and sluice should thereupon be vested in the said principal officers, in trust for his Majesty, for the use or service of the ordnance department, and that the several estates, lands, and hereditaments of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, which by the said recited act are charged with the payment of the said sum of eight thousand pounds, should be released and discharged therefrom; which said several matters and things cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all the said piece or parcel of land or ground covered with water, containing by admeasurement eight acres one rood and two perches or thereabouts, which has been so kept and retained by the said principal officers, and which now forms the ditch surrounding the said citadel of Kingston-upon-HuIl as aforesaid, and also all that other piece or parcel of fond or ground on the west side of the said citadel, now occupied by the said sluice used fbt filling up the said ditch with water, together with the said dtrick

L.

309

Class i.] Ship and Quays.

and its appurtenances, shall be and the same respectively are hereby divested oat of the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood; and that the said premises respectively shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance and their successors, principal officers of the ordnance for the time being, in trust for his said Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, for the use or service of the said ordnance department, or for such other public service or services as his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall from time to time by any order in council be pleased to direct, freed and discharged of and from all claim, right and title whatsoever of the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors, under and by virtue of the said recited act, or otherwise howsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the estates, lands, and hereditaments of the said dock company, the said mayor and burgesses, and the said guild or brotherhood respectively, which by the said act are charged with the payment of the said sum of eight thousand pounds, shall be and the same are hereby fully released, exonerated, and discharged therefrom, and from every part thereof, and also of and from all and every the powers, remedies, and means which in and by the said act are provided for raising or levying the same; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said piece or parcel of ground on the west side of the ditch of the said citadel, now occupied by the sluice used for filling the said ditch with water, shall be used and occupied as a sluice only, and shall contain in breadth, from a line drawn along the centre of the said sluice, fifteen feet and no more, and extend from the wall of the said ditch to the river Hull, and shall be subject to such rights and privileges of the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood therein, as hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, to the full, free, and uninterrupted use and enjoyment by them the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood, and their respective successors and assigns, of the surface of the said piece or parcel of ground at all times for ever hereafter, for the purpose of laying out the same as a public highway, for the passage of horses, carriages, and foot passengers, to and from the other landR or grounds of the said mayor and burgesses and the said guild or brotherhood, situated on each side thereof, or for any other purposes whatsoever, so as not to obstruct or interfere with the free use and enjoyment and occupation of the said sluice, and free access thereto at all times, for the purpose of cleaning, repairing, or altering the same, or otherwise, as occasion may require; the surface of the said piece or parcel of ground being well, sufficiently, and properly relaid or replaced by or at the expence of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, whenever the same shall or may be dug, broken, or disturbed for any of the purposes aforesaid.

5 Geo. IV. c. 52.

divested out of the Mayor and Burgesses of Kiugstou-upon. Hull, and retted in the Principal Officers of the v)rd nance in Trust foe Hk Majealy.

Estates of the Dock Company, the Mayor and Burgesses, Ac. discharged from the Payment of 8,000if. payable under recited Act.

The Piece of Ground on the West Side of the Dilch of the Citadel shall be used only for a Sluice, and the Surface of the Ground shall be in the Enjoyment of the Mayor and Burgesses, See. for laying outaaa Public Highway, Ac.

q

Pilots Salvage and Ballast Lighters.

[Part IV.

906

39, 40 Geo. III. c. 10.

CLASS II.

PILOTS, SALVAGE, AND BALLAST LIGHTERS.

99 and 40 Geo. III. Cap. 10. Royal Assent, 4th April, 1800.

An Act for the appointment and regulation of Pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for ascertaining the Salvage for Anchors, Cables, and other ships materials, found in the river Humber; and for the better ascertaining the tonnage of ballast lighters employed at the said port.

Pntmblt.

Trl»l»y House empowered lo License Pilots.

Penalty on actio* a» Pilots without License.

WHEREAS the corporation of wardens, elder brethren, and assistants of the guild or brotherhood of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull, have for a long period of years, by usage, as well as by virtue of letters patent or charters granted to them by the crown, exercised the power of appointing pilots to conduct ships and vessels from the river Humber to cross the seas, or to pass from the said river Humber beyond Flamborough Head northward and Wintertonness southward; but they are not invested with sufficient powers lo prevent other persons from acting as pilots within the said limits: and whereas it would greatly tend to the safety of ships and vessels sailing or trading from and to the port of Kingston-upon-Hull, if effectual powers were given for appointing and regulating of pilots for conducting of such ships and vessels between the said port and the sea, and for a small distance out at sea; and for preventing persons not bo appointed, from acting as pilots of any such ships and vessels, or of any ships or vessels destined from the said port to cross the seas, or to pass beyond Flamborough Head northward, or Wintertonness southward; and also for settling and ascertaining the salvage for anchors, cables, and other ships materials, found in the said river Humber; and for the better ascertaining the tonnage of ballast lighters employed at the said port: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the wardens, elder brethren, and assistants of the said Trinity House, and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time, by writing under their common seal, to licence and appoint such persons as they shall, upon examination touching their skill and abilities, approve of and think properly qualified for that purpose, to he pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and upon any part of the river Humber below the said port, and so far out at sea as to bring the Northness of Dimlington on the coast of Holderness to bear or be seen a sufficient distance clear or open of the land to the southward thereof, so as to pass clear of the New Sand; and the persons so licensed shall for the purposes of this act be called river pilots; and if any person, without having such licence to act as a river pilot as aforesaid, shall, after the expiration of one calendar month from the passing of this act, take upon himself to conduct or pilot any ship or vessel into or out of the said port, or at any place between the said port and the place at sea where the said Northness of Dim* lington bears as aforesaid; or if any person, other than such as shall have been examined and declared by the said wardens, elder brethren, and assistants, under their common seal, to be properly qualified and capable a£ conducting ships and vessels as a pilot at sea, shall, after the expiration ef

Class II.]

Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters.

the said one calendar month from the passing of this act, take upon himself to act as pilot of any ship or vessel destined on a voyage from the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, in conducting such ship or vessel ftom the place near the entrance of the said river Humber, where the said Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, to cross the seas, or to pass from Flamborough Head northward, or Wintertonness southward; every such person shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to oblige the master or other person having the command of any ship or vessel outward bound, after she has been piloted out of the said river Humber to sea, to employ or make use of any pilot to conduct such ship or vessel to cross or pass further out at sea: or to oblige the master or other person having the command of any ship or vessel in the coal trade, or other coasting trade, whether laden or in ballast, or of any British ship or vessel of less than six feet draught of water, or of any ship or vessel coming into any of the roadsteads within the said river Humber for the purpose of shelter, or of obtaining stores or provisions only, to employ or make use of any pilot; nor to prevent or hinder any owner, part owner, master, or mate of, or any person belonging to any ship or vessel inward bound, from conducting or piloting the ship or vessel to which he shall belong, into and up the said river Humber, in case none of the said river pilots shall be ready and offer to conduct and pilot the same; nor to prevent or hinder any person or persons from assisting any ship or vessel in distress.

III. And be it further enacted, that every person who shall be licensed as a river pilot by virtue of this act, shall, for his first licence, pay to the treasurer, or clerk to the commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this act, any sum not exceeding six guineas, and for every licence which shall be afterwards granted to the same person, any sum not exceeding three guineas, at the discretion of the said commissioners, for the purposes of this act; and every such person shall be subject to the several clauses, regulations, and provisions in this act contained, and to such orders, rules, and by-laws as shall be made in pursuance hereof: provided always. That no liceoce to be granted in pursuance of this act, shall continue in force for more than one year from the date thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said corporation of the Trinity House, by writing under their common seal, at any time to suspend, discontinue, or vacate the license granted to any such river pilot as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to take the charge or conduct of any of his Majesty's ships, or shall behave improperly in the discharge of his duty in the execution of this act, whether such refusal, neglect, or improper conduct shall be made a subject of complaint by the said commissioners to the said corporation in pursnance of this act or not.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the mayor, recorder, and aldeimen of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, the said wardens, elder brethren, and assistants of the said Trinity House for the time being, together with Edward Anderson, John Boyes, Christopher Briggs, Christopher Bolton, Jonas Brown, John Burstall the younger, Henry Coates, William Colltnson, John Collinson, Edward Foster Coulson, Edward Finley, Joel Foster, Andrew Holling-Worth, Benjamin Hickson, George Knox, Daniel M'Pharson, Peter Middleton, John Robinson ship owner, John Todd merchant, Richard Terry, and Robert Wilkinson, shall be. and they are hereby constituted and appointed commissioners for carrying into execution the several powers and authorities by this act directed to be done and performed by them; and that all acts, matters, and things hereby authorised or directed to be done and executed by the said commissioners, may be done and executed by any five or more of them, (being the major part of the said commissioners assembled at their respective meetings, to be held for the purposes of this act,) and the same ball be as valid and effectual as if done or executed by all the said commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, within one calendar month after the passing of this act, to meet in the guildhall within the said town of Kingston-'upoO-H till, upon three days notice being given by the said mayor, or theacting warden of the said Trinity House, or his deputy, unto the other of the said

307

39, 40 Geo. III. c. 10.

Certain Vessel* may be piloted by the Masters, be.

Pilot* to pay for their first License Six Guineas, and afterwards Three Guinea*.

Trinity House may suspend or discDiM Pilots.

Commissioners.

First Meeting of

m

30, 40 Geo. IU. c. 10.

Commwaiooers to settle the Clerks and other Officers Salaries.

Coiwnirai oners to acknowledge their Acceptance of the Tryst

Future Meetings of Commissioners.

On the Death of any of the Commissioners, &c. others to be elected

Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. (Part IV.

commissioners, of the day and hour of such meeting; and the said ootumis* sioners shall, at such first meeting, adjourn themselves to meet at such convenient place, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at any time within seven days from the said first meeting as they shall see proper, (of which meeting by adjournment three days previous notice shall be given t# all the said commissioners; ) and the said commissioners hereinbefore particularly named, and also the commissioners to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall continue commissioners for the term of three years from the passing of this act, or the date of their respective appointments, as the case shall be; and also until they shall be re-appointed commissioners, or until other persons shall be chosen in their respective places by virtue of this act; and all instruments for the appointment of persons to be commissioners as aforesaid, shall be entered in a book to be kept by the clerk to the said commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall at such first or any other meeting to be held for the execution of this act, by an in* strument in writing, under the hands of the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, elect, choose, and appoint a treasurer and clerk, and such other officers as the said commissioners shall think proper and necessary for the execution of this act, who shall continue in their respective offices only during the pleasure of the said commissioners, and shall appoint and settle such salaries or other allowances to such clerk and other officers to be appointed as aforesaid, as the said commissioners shall judge necessary and reasonable; and the said commissioners shall and are hereby required to take such security from every such treasurer, for the due and faithful execution of his office, as they shall think proper.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every commissioner above particularly named shall, at the first meeting of the said commissioners, or within seven days then next following, subscribe an instrument in writing, to be provided for that purpose, acknowledging his acceptance of the said office; and that every person who shall hereafter be appointed a commissioner in pursuance of this act shall, within ten days next after such appointment, and notice in writing to him given thereof by the said clerk, attend at the time and place appointed in and by such notice, and subscribe his name at the foot of the instrument above-mentioned, acknowledging his acceptance of the said office; and in case any person named or appointed a commissioner as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to acknowledge his acceptance of the said office as aforesaid, his nomination by this act, or his appointment to be hereafter made, as the case shall be, shall be void and of none effect.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the subsequent meetings of the said commissioners shall be at some convenient place within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to be appointed by the said commissioners, on the first Thursday in every month in the present and every subsequent year, and at such intermediate time and times, and at such place or places, as the said commissioners shall appoint by adjournment at any of such monthly meetings, of which adjournment notice in writing shall be sent by the clerk to the usual places of abode of all and every the said commissioners then residing in the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the suburbs thereof^ at least two days before the time appointed for every such adjourned meeting.

X. And. for the supplying a sufficient number of commissioners, and also a treasurer and clerk for the purposes of this act, be it further enacted, That when any of the said commissioners hereinbefore particularly named or to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall die or refuse to acknowledge his acceptance of the said office as aforesaid, or shall have acted as a commissioner in the execution of this act for the term of three years, or shall be elected an alderman of the said town or borough, or an elder brother or assistant of the said corporation of the Trinity House; or in case any treasurer or clerk to the said commissioners shall die, resign, or be removed by the said commissioners, then and in every such case any five or more of the remaining commissioners (whereof the said mayor, or acting wardeo or hia deputy shall be one,) although not assembled at a meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, may appoint a meeting of the said commissioners in the guildhall, in the town of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, for the appointment of a new commissioner, treasurer, or clerk, to supply the plaoe of every such commissioner, treasurer, or clerk as aforesaid; aod fbati make

Class II.} Pii'o s, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. M9

known the time and purpose of suck meeting by affixing notice thereof in 39, 40 Geo. III. writing on some conspicuous part of the said Guildhall and Trinity House, c. 1(X and also on the Custom-House in the said town, and by sending notice thereof to such of the said commissioners as shall be resident within the said town, at least three days before the time of such meeting; and the major part of the commissioners assembled at the time to be appointed for such meeting (the whole number present not being less than five, and the said mayor, or acting warden or his deputy, being one) shall, by writing under their bands, appoint a commissioner in lieu of every commissioner who shall be dead, or refuse or neglect to acknowledge his acceptance of the said office, or have acted for the term of three years, or been chosen an alderman, elder brother, or assistant as aforesaid, or a treasurer or clerk in lieu of such as shall die, resign, or be removed as aforesaid, as the case shall require; and every person who shall be so appointed shall from thenceforth be a commissioner, or treasurer, or clerk for the purposes aforesaid; and every such commissioner shall have the same power and authority in all matters and things relating to this act, as if he bad been expressly named and appointed in and by this act; and every such appointment shall be entered in a book to be kept by the clerk to the said commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such river pilot as aforesaid, p; )oU fo shall at all times afford every assistance in his power to any of his Majesty's Km* ships m ships, and when any of them shall by signal or otherwise appear to be in preference to want of a pilot, shall go to assist and pilot such ships in preference to any °thera. other ship or vessel whatsoever; and in case any such river pilot shall refuse or neglect to take the charge or conduct of any of his Majesty's ships. Pilots misbe. or any other ship or vessel whatsoever, upon a proper signal being made, having to forfeit or a gun or guns fired by any ship or vessel inward bound, or at the re- Jjj^c*ceed, Dl quest of the master, commander, owner, agent, or consignee of any ship or '* vessel outward bound; or if any such river pilot shall refuse or neglect to give every assistance in his power to any ship or vessel in distress, or in want of any extra assistance; or in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that any such river pilot shall have misbehaved himself in the conduct of any ship or vessel, or in the execution of his duty as a river pilot; or if any such river pilot shall (without some reasonable excuse) refuse to obey any summons issued in pursuance of the order of any five or more of the said commissioners, requiring his appearance before them or to obey such orders as shall be made and passed at any of their meetings for the purposes of this act, every such pilot shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds for every such offence; and if the said commissioners, upon examination of the cause of complaint, shall think that the pilot so offending should be suspended or broke, and shall state the matter of complaint and such their opinion to the said corporation of wardens, elder brethren, and assistants, the said corporation are hereby required to enquire into the matter of complaint, and upon proof of the offence complained of, by the oath of any credible witness, (which oath the said mayor and aldermen, acting warden or his deputy, elder brother or assistant, or any ope of them, is hereby empowered to administer,) according to their discretion, either to suspend or to entirely break and dismiss such pilot, and declare his licence to be void; and such pilot shall be accordingly either suspended, or broke and dismissed, and his licence shall be from thenceforth utterly void, as the case shall be; and if any such river pilot, after being suspended, or broke and dismissed as aforesaid, and notice thereof in writing, signed by the clerk, given to such pilot, or left at his usual place of abode, shall during the time of such suspension, or after such dismission, take upon himself to pilot or conduct any ship or vessel into or out of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, or upon any part of the said river below the said port, or out at sea between the entrance into the said river and the place where the Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

XII. And, for ascertaining the ratei to be paid to the said river pilots Rates for piloting . for the conducting or piloting any ships or vessels as aforesaid, be it further British Ships, soaotsd. That no greater rates shall be demanded or taken by any such river pilot, than what shall be from time to time ascertained, fixed, and tattled by the aid commissioner! at any of their meetings, so that the rate

And, on Complaint by Commissioners to ths Trinity House, to be suspended, or dismissed.

39, 40 Geo.lll. c. 10

Pilots, Saltage, and Ballast Lighters.

[Part IV.

Rates for pi lot inf Alteo Ship*. '

Commissioners empowered to *sry and regulate the prices or PUotage.

so to be ascertained, fixed, and settled for piloting or conducting any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, into the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, from the place at sea where the Northness of Dimling-ton bears as aforesaid, be not less than three shillings nor more than five shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from the place within the said river Humber where the Spurn Lighthouse bears north-east, or from any distance within the said river Humber to the buoy of the Burcome, not less than two shillings and sixpence nor more than three shillings and sixpence for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from the distance of the said buoy, not lese than two shillings nor more than three shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from Whitebooth Road to the said river Humber, not less than one shilling nor more than two shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a' foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel from the said port, so far out to sea as to bring the said Northness of Dimlington to bear as aforesaid, not less than three shillings nor more than five shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot.

XIII. And, for ascertaining the rates to be paid to the said river pilots, for the conducting or piloting any alien ship or vessel, be it further enacted, That no greater rates shall be demanded or taken by any such river pilots, than what shall be from time to time ascertained, fixed, and settled by the said commissioners, so that the rate to be ascertained, fixed, and settled, for piloting or conducting any ship or vessel belonging to aliens into the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, from the place at sea where the Northness of Dimlington hears as aforesaid, be not less than five shillings nor more than seven shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such alien ship or vessel into the said port from the place within the Humber where the Spurn Lighthouse bears north-east, or from any distance within the said river Humber to the buoy of the Burcome, not less than four shillings nor more than five shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from the distance of the said buoy, not less than three shillings nor more than six shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such ship or vessel into the said port from Whitebooth Road in the said river Humber, uot less than one shilling and sixpence nor more than three shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any such alien ship or vessel from the said port so far out to sea as to bring the said Northness of Dimlington' to bear as aforesaid, not less than five shillings nor more than seven shillings for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot.

XIV. Provided always, That in any of the cases aforesaid, or hereinafter mentioned, if the fraction of a foot shall exceed half a foot, the same, in ascertaining the rates, shall be deemed and considered as half a foot.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ascertaining the said respective rates the said commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered at their discretion, to vary and alter all or any such rates of pilotage aforesaid, and also to determine what shall be considered the different seasons of the year, if the said commissioners shook* determine to make a difference of rate according to the §m»on of tbs year;

provided they do not vary or alter any of the said rates so as to make the same lower or higher than the respective sums hereinbefore mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, That every master or other person, having the command of any ship or vessel sailing from the said port of Kingston-upon-Null with ballast only, and not laden or part laden with goods or merchandise liable to the payment of freight, which shall be conducted or piloted out of the said port by any of the said river pilots, shall pay or cause to be paid two third parts only of the rates which such ship or vessel would be liable to if laden or part laden for such respective pilotage.

XVII. Provided also. That the master or other person having the command of any ship or vessel employed in the coasting trade, and which shall have been actually so employed for six calendar months or upwards then next preceding, which shall be conducted or piloted into or out of the said port by any of the said river pilots, shall be subject to the payment of one half part only of the said respective rates payable in respect of British ships or vessels.

XVIII. Provided also, That if any ship or vessel whatsoever, whether trading coastwise or otherwise, which shall be conducted or piloted into, out of, or upon the said river Humber, by any of the said river pilots, shall not draw so much as six feet water, such ship or vessel shall nevertheless, in ascertaining the rate of pilotage payable for the same by virtue of this act, be deemed and considered to draw six feet water; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel of any of his Majesty's subjects, or of aliens, not bound to the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall, on account of contrary winds and bad weather, or otherwise, be piloted from or to the Northness of Dimlington, bearing as above-mentioned, into or out of any of the roadsteads of the said river Humber below the roadstead of the said port of Kingstou-upon-Hull, the following proportions of the rates for pilotage, which shall for the time being be payable as hereinbefore mentioned for or in respect of British and alien ships respectively, and no more, shall be demanded by or paid to any such river pilot so piloting such ship or vessel; (that is to say.) if such ship or vessel shall be piloted from or to the place where the Northness of Dimlington bears as aforesaid, into or from the Hawk Road or Grimsby Road, in the said river Humber, one third part of the said rates hereby imposed for piloting British and alien ships respectively the whole extent of the first above-mentioned distance; and if such ship or vessel shall be piloted from or to the said distance, into or from Whilebooth Road, two third parts of such rates.

XX. And, as an encouragement to the said river pilots, to ply out at sea, be it further enacted, That in case any ship or vessel shall be met with in distress, by any of the said river pilots, and shall be assisted by such pilot, or any of his crew or boat, then such compensation shall be made for such assistance, as shall be settled and determined by the said commissioners at their next meeting after application shall have been made to them by either party for that purpose; and if any agreement for such extraordinary assistance shall have been made, such agreement shall be null and void; or in case any British or alien ship or vessel shall, at the particular request of the master or other person having the command thereof, be piloted or assisted by any of the said river pilots into the said port from any further distance than what is hereby provided for, every such river pilot shall be paid for such extra pilotage, such sum as the said commissioners shall order and direct, not less than ninepence nor more than one shilling and threepence for every foot of water any such British ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; and not less than one shilling nor more than two shillings for every foot of water any such alien ship or vessel shall draw, and so in proportion for the fraction of a foot, such fraction not being less than half a foot; over and above the said rates of pilotage by this act imposed for piloting such ships or vessels respectively from the distance of the said Northness of Dimlington bearing as aforesaid, or into the said port.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the master or commander of any ship or vessel drawing six feet water or upwards which shall be outward bound and about to proceed down the said river Humber, or which

39, 4C Geo. III. c. 10.

Ships outward, bound, in .*t, to pay only Two Thirds of the Hairs.

Coasters to pay only Half of the Rates.

Vessels drawing le than Six Feet Water to pay (or Six Feet.

Proportioni* g the Katea of PiloUge.

Rewards for Pilots amistint Ships in Distress to be settled by Commissioners.

Additional Pilotage for

8ilotinff extra distance.

Masters of Inward or ootwsrd bound Ships refastog

312 Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. [Part VI.

39, 40 Geo. III.

c. 10.

Pilot!, PiloUge lo be paid.

Pilot* leading the Way in any V e*el to be entitled to full Pilotage.

Ships forced back after parting with Pilots, and piloted out again from any of the Roads, to pay not exceeding One Halt of Hie Rates.

Distance outward bound Ships are to be piloted.

Pilots to have 3s. 6d. per Day for their Attendance.

Pilots quitting Ships without Leave, to forfeit Pilotage, and not exceeding 10£.

Places to which inward bound

shall be inward bound, shall refuse to take otl board and employ one of the said river pilots who shall offer his service (except such ships or vessels as are employed on the coal or coasting trade) such master or commander shall pay or cause to be paid to the river pilot who first or who only shall offer his service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused, the full pilotage which such master or commander would have been subject or liable to pay by virtue of this act if the said pilot bad been received and employed in conducting or piloting such ship or vessel into or out of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, together with the expence to be incurred in the recovery of the same.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any ship or vessel coming into or going out of the said port shall be in want of a pilot, and none of the said river pilots can be procured, and there shall be any of the said river pilots on board any other ship or vessel passing into or out of the said port, such pilot on board any such other ship or vessel may lead the way for, and conduct the ship or vessel so in want of a pilot either into or out of the said port, or so far in her course until another river pilot can be obtained; and the master or commander of every such ship or vessel which shall be so piloted or conducted by any pilot leading the way in such other ship or vessel, shall be subject and liable to the payment of the whole, or such a proportion, according to the distance such ship or vessel shall have been piloted or conducted as aforesaid, of the said rates of pilotage, as he would have been subject and liable to if the pilot had actually been on board of such ship or vessel, and piloted or conducted the same into or out of the said port, as shall be fixed and settled by the said commissioners at any of their meetings; and such pilotage so to be received shall be added to the Btock of the boat to which such pilot shall belong.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any ship or vessel which shall have been piloted or conducted by any of the said river pilots out of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall be forced back, by storm or otherwise, after having, by the consent of the master or commander of such ship or vessel, parted with such pilot, and shall be conducted by such master or commander into any of the roadsteads or places in the said river, and such master or commander shall afterwards employ any of the said river pilots to conduct such ship or vessel out of such roadstead or place to sea, then such a proportion not exceeding one half of the full sum, shall be paid for such pilotage, as is hereby directed to be taken for pilotage outward, as shall be settled and fixed by the said commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such river pilot as aforeoid, who shall take upon himself the charge of any ship or vessel about to sail out of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall and is hereby required to take charge of such ship or vessel at her moorings in the dock, or other place within the said port, and to conduct or pilot such ship or vessel about to sail out of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, so far out to sea as to bring the Northness of Dimlington to bear as above-mentioned; and whenever any such river pilot shall be required by the master or commander of any ship or vessel, whether outward or inward bound, to attend such ship or vessel at anchor in any of the roadsteads in the said river Humber, for the purpose of taking in goods, or for any other purpose, such river pilot shall attend accordingly, on not less than three shillings and sixpence per day, for every day of twenty-four hours attendance, according to the discretion of the said commissioners, being paid or secured to be paid to such pilot; and if such pilot shall be employed for a part only of a day, be shall be paid the like sum as for a whole day; and in case the use or attendance'of a pilot's crew or boat shall be required, there shall be paid for the 'use1 of such crew or boat such sum of money by the tide, day, ot otherwise, as shall be settled and directed by the said commissioners according to the arena-stances of the case; and if any such river pilot after be is engaged to' serve; shall presume to quit any ship or vessel so detained, without the consent of the master or commander of every such ship or vessel, such pilot shall forfeit the pilotage which on his duly performing his duty he would have been entitled to; and on being lawfully convicted of so quitting any ship or vessel, shall for every such oflfence forfeit any suni not exceeding ted pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such rivet pilot an afotonM who sfaalt pilot or conduct any ship ot vesaet intothrsahfpott

313

upon-Hull shall, and is hereby required to take the same as high in the haven of the said port as above the place called The Garrison Jetty, and as much higher in the said haven as may be, and from thence, if the tide will permit, into the wet dock of the said port, or to such other place of delivery within the limits of the said port, as the master of such ship or vessel shall require; but if the tide will not allow thereof, then to moor her in a proper situation in the said haven, without being paid any other rate than is hereby directed to be paid for piloting such ship or vessel into the said port; and in case the attendance of any such pilot shall be required to take care of such ship or vessel from such first mooring, and to conduct her into the said wet dock, or other place of delivery, the pilot that shall have brought the said ship or vessel to such mooring, or some other of the said river pilots, to be by the said pilot or the said master procured, shall attend, and shall be paid for unmooring, transporting, and remooring such ship or vessel at her delivery birth in the said dock, or other place within the said port, if such ship or vessel shall draw thirteen feet of water and upwards, not less than nine shillings nor more than eleven shillings; and if such ship or vessel shall draw upwards of ten feet and under thirteen feet of water, not less than six shillings and sixpence nor more than eight shillings and sixpence; and if such ship or vessel shall draw under ten feet of water, not less than four shillings nor more than six shillings; according to the discretion of the said commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the master or commander of every ship or vessel so to be piloted or conducted into or out of the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, shall, and is hereby required to declare and give a true account to the pilot employed in conducting or piloting such ship or vessel of the draught of water such ship or vessel shall draw; and in case the pilot so employed shall suspect the truth of such declaration, such pilot is hereby authorised to admeasure, or cause such ship or vessel to be admeasured, in order to find the true draught of water such ship or vessel shall then draw; and if on such admeasurement it shall appear that such piaster or commander gave a false account wilfully and fraudulently, such master or commander shall not only pay to such pilot the full pilotage by this act made payable for or in respect of such ship or vessel, with all the expencesof the admeasurement, but shall also forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding ten pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons taking or appearing to take upon himself or themselves the charge, agency, or consignment of any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, so charged or chargeable with the said respective rates for pilotage and extra attendances, outward bound, shall be accountable to such river pilot or pilots for such rates of pilotage as shall be so due for such pilotage outward, according to the rates aforesaid; and the same shall and may be levied by distress and sale, in manner hereinafter mentioned, upon any of the goods, merchandise, or effects of the person or persons so taking or appearing to take upon himself or themselves the charge, agency, or consignment of such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, after the expiration of three days from the day on which such pilotage shall have been demanded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective ratC« of pilotage, and other sums of money by this act made payable to the said river pilots, shall be paid to such pilots respectively by the owners or masters, agents or consignees, or other persons having or taking upon themselves, or appearing to have or take upon themselves the command, agency, or consignment of such ships or vessels respectively, for or in respect of which such ratee of pilotage and sums of money shall, by virtue of this act, become payable, within three days from the day on which such pilotage shall have been demanded; and in case any such owner, master, agent, consignee, or other person having or taking, or appearing to have or take the command, agency, or consignment of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such rate of pilotage, or 6um of money, within the said three days, then it shall be lawful for any person or persons, by virtue of a warrant for that purpose under the hands and seals of any five or more of the said commissioners, to seize and distrain any of the goods, merchandise, effects, guns, tackle, ammunition, furniture, apparel, or other things, of or belonging to any such ship or vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the sum or

R r

39, 40 Geo. III. c. 10.

Ship* are to be Piloted.

Rates for birthing Ships.

Masters to gift Pilot a true account of the Draught of Water of their Ships, and Pilot authorised U> admeasure.

Agents, or persona having charge, liable to pilotage.

On Non-payment of Rate, Commisdoners may grant warrant to distrain.

I

314 Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. [Part IV.

39, 40 Geo. 111.

c. 10.

Masters forcibly taking away Pilots, to pay them Mates' Wages, and forfeit not exceeding 20£.

Majority of Pilots may bars a Joint Block.

Commusioner* to keep Accounts of Money received for Licences, for Penalties, and of Disbursement*.

Application of Licence Money and Fines.

Rewards to Meritorious Pilot*.

sums of money due to any such river pilot for the pilotage of such ship or vessel, or otherwise as aforesaid, together with all reasonable charges and expences occasioned by or attending such seizure and distress, shall be paid and satisfied; and in case the same shall not be paid within seven days next after such seizing or distraining, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, by warrant under the hands and seals of any five or more of them, to cause the goods, merchandise, or other things so seized and distrained, to be appraised by any two sufficient persons or appraisers of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull. and to be afterwards sold and disposed of, and thereout to satisfy the rate and sum of money so unpaid as aforesaid, together with all reasonable charges of such seizing, distraining, appraising, selling and disposing of the same; rendering the overplus thereof, if any, to the owner, master, agent, consignee, or other person, having or appearing to have the command of such ship or vessel, on demand.

XXIX. And whereas, it may happen that some of the said river pilots may be unavoidably through stress of weather, or forcibly, carried to sea beyond the limits for pilotage herein prescribed; be it therefore further enacted, That the master or commander of any ship or vessel on board of which any such pilot shall be forcibly, or through stress of weather unavoidably carried to sea beyond the limits aforesaid, shall pay to such river pilot, for the time be shall be detained on board after passing the said limits, the same wages as shall be payable by the said master or commander to the mate of such ship or vessel, over and above the rate of pilotage which he shall be entitled to as pilot of such ship or vessel; and in case of any such pilot being forcibly carried to sea beyond the said limits, otherwise than through stress of weather, such master or commander shall also forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times a majority of the said river pilots shall consent and agree to have a joint stock of the earnings of all the said pilots, for the benefit of the whole of them, then it shall be lawful for them so to do, provided such consent and agreement be made or expressed in writing, under the hands and Beals of such majority as aforesaid, and be made by and with the approbation and consent of the said commissioners, by writing under the hands of any five or more of them; and the same shall continue in force so long as it shall meet the approbation of the said commissioners under such regulations and restrictions as the said commissioners shall think proper, and the same shall be binding upon all the said pilots.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause to be kept and entered in proper books, minutes of their proceedings; and shall cause to be kept fair, just, and true accounts of all the money which shall be received for licences, or for or in respect of the penalties and forfeitures which shall be incurred under this act, as also of such money as shall be expended in salaries, or other allowances, to the said clerk or other officers, or otherwise in carrying into execution this act, in pursuance of any order or orders of the said commissioners; all which books of accounts and other proceedings shall be open at all convenient hours of business to the inspection of the said river pilots.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, by and out of the money to be received by the granting and renewing of such licences, by the deduction out of the price of ballast, and the per centage hereinafter mentioned, and by the penalties and forfeitures to be incurred and recovered under this act, in the first place to pay the charges and expences of carrying this act into execution; and in the next place at their discretion, to pay and apply the surplus or remainder of the monies so to be received, (the proportion of the said licence money hereinafter mentioned excepted,) to disabled river pilots, their widows and children, and for rewarding such meritorious licenced river pilots, as are hereinafter more particularly mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said commissioners to reward meritorious river pilots, whether masters or otbcra, for long and faithfhl services, the said clerk or other receiver or receivers of the rates of pilotage hereinbefore mentioned, are hereby authorised and required to deduct and retain any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings per centum out of the gross earnings or total amount of the said rates

Class II.] Pilots, Salvage, and BaNast Lighters. 315

of pilotage of the several river pilot boats, their masteis and crews respectively, to be applied by the said commissioners, together with such a proportion of the money to be received for such licences as the said commissioners shall direct, in rewards to such river pilots as shall be by such commissioners deemed, on account of their long and faithful services, particularly deserving of the same, regard being had to the conduct of any such pilots who are or have been common seamen and apprentices, upon the recommendation of their masters respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, once in every year, to audit and adjust all accounts of the receipts and disbursements in consequence of this act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such river pilot as aforesaid, shall on any account whatsoever keep a tavern, public house, or other house as a dealer in or retailer of wines or liquors of any kind, within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the suburbs thereof, without first having obtained the consent of the said commissioners for that purpose.

XXXVI. And for ascertaining and defraying the charges and expencesof obtaining and passing this act, Be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and they are hereby authorised and required, at some of their meetings, to be held within three calendar months next after the passing of this act, to examine and settle the account of the charges and expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this act; and after such account shall have been so examined and settled, the said commissioners shall cause two fair copies thereof to be made, which copies shall be signed by any five or more of the said commissioners, and the same so signed shall be deemed originals, and one of such copies shall be kept by the clerk to the said commissioners, and the other copy shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace for the town and county of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, and be by him kept among the records of the quarter sessions for the said town and county; and the said clerk of the peace shall write upon the back of the copy which shall be so deposited with him, the day on which he shall have received the same; and the said commissioners shall forthwith cause notice to be given in the newspapers published within the said town, of the said account being in the custody of their clerk, and of the clerk of the peace as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the depositing of the said account with the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, there shall be demanded, collected, and taken, by such person or persons as the said commissioners shall, by writing under the hands of any five or more of them, appoint for that purpose, of and from the master or commander of every 4hip or vessel, British or Foreign, which is by this act made subject to and Chargeable with the said rates of pilotage, and which shall enter the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, the duty of one halfpenny per ton of every such ship or vessel respectively, according to the admeasurement thereof; and in case any such master or commander shall not pay such duty or duties within three days after demand made thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in like manner, and by the like ways and means, as the said rates of pilotage are by this act authorised or directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the money arising by the said tonnage duties shall from time to time be applied, in the first place, in paying such salaries, or other allowances, as the said commissioners shall judge reasonable, to their clerk, and to the collector or collectors of the said tonuage duties, for their trouble respectively in keeping the accounts, and collecting and receiving, and otherwise relating to the said tonnage duties,

and also all other charges, demands, and expences which the said commissioners shall think reasonable on account of the said tonnage duties; and after payment thereof, the remainder of the money arising by the tonnage duties shall be applied in paying and defraying the charges and expences of obtaining and passing this act, according to the account so to be settled and signed as aforesaid, with Interest for the same, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to such persons as shall have advanced any money towards such charges and expences for the money so advanced, from the respective times of advancing the same.

39, 40 Geo. 111. c. 10.

A econo t a to lie audited by Five or more Commissioners.

Pilot, not to keep Public House *

Expences of

obtaining this Act to l»e ucef-tained by the Commuaiouers.

Account to be deposited with clerk of the peace.

The mid Expence* to be raised by a Tonnage Duty o One Halfpenny per Ton

Application of the Tonnage Duty.

316 Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. [part IV.

39, 40Gco. Ill, c. 10.

Accounts to be kept of the Receipt* and Payment! in respect of the Tonuage Duty.

Tonnage Duty to cease after the Charges are paid.

Coramtoioners to settle Salvage of Anchors.

Persons finding Anchors, &c. to bring them to Hull, and give Notice thereof, with a Description in Writing, in order to such Anchors, Ac. being advertised.

Persons taking away any Buoy, Act to forfeit not exceeding 20£.

If Offence committed by Pilots, they are to be broke.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and are hereby required, to cause a distinct and separate account to be kept of all money arising from time to time by the said tonnage duties, and also of all payments and disbursements which shall be made by them on ao count thereof, or relating thereto as aforesaid, and also of all sums which shall from time to time be applied towards paying and defraying the charges and expences of obtaining and passing this act as aforesaid; which account, and also the account so to be signed, and in the custody of the clerk to the said commissioners, and the clerk of the peace respectively as aforesaid, shall at all seasonable times be open to the inspection of all persons interested, upon payment of one shilling for every such inspection; and any such persons shall be at liberty to take a copy of or extract from either of the said accounts, upon payment of one shilling and sixpence for the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the said charges and expences of obtaining and passing this act, with such interest as aforesaid, shall have been fully paid and discharged by virtue hereof, the said tonnage duties shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And whereas it frequently happens that ships and vessels axe through stress of weather forced from their anchors and cables in the said river Humber, and the entrance thereof, and unreasonable sums of money demanded for salvage by the persons taking up such anchors and cables, and the anchors and cables so taken up, together with buoy ropes and buoys belonging thereto, have frequently been clandestinely secreted from the owners thereof, and afterwards fraudulently sold and disposed of; for preventing such unreasonable demands, and such frauds for the fixture, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and directed, upon application to them lor that purpose, to adjust and determine any difference, whenever any such shall arise, between the owner or master, or agent for the owner of the anchors, cables, or other stores or materials, of any ship or vessel, which shall be found in the said river Humber, or the entrance thereof, and brought to the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the person or persons finding, taking up, and bringing the same; and the determination of the said commissioners therein shall be final and conclusive; and that if at any time any person or persons shall find and take up any such anchor, cable, or any other sort of ship's stores or materials, and shall not without delay bring the same to the said port, or the limits thereof, and within the space of two days from the bringing the same into the said port, or the limits thereof, deliver the same up to the owner thereof, or his agent; or if any such anchor, cable, or other ship's materials, so found, is not claimed by the owner thereof, or his agent, or such owner or his agent cannot be found or ascertained within the said space; then, if the person or persons finding and taking up such anchor, cable, or other ship's materials, shall not land and put the same in such public place near to the entrance of the said haven as the said commissioners shall appoint, and give notice thereof with a particular description in writing of the same, and of the place when found, to the said commissioners or their clerk, in order that the anchors, cables, or other ship's materials so found and brought, may be advertised in such manner as the said commissioners shall think proper; or if any person or persons shall at any time or times, with an intent to injure or defraud the owner of any anchor, cable, or other ship's materials, cut, break, destroy, or remove the buoy, buoy rope, or other mark or fastening to aay such anchor, cable, or other ship's materials so found as aforesaid, or when any such anchors, cables, or other ship's materials are found, shall alter or deface the marks thereof, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay Cor every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds; and If any of the said river pilots shall be guilty of any of the said offences, be shall not only forfeit the said penalty, but (if the said commissioners shall adjudge proper) shall also from thenceforth be broke and disqualified from acting as a pilot; and there shall from time to time be paid to the said clerk for the purposes of this act, for every award the said commissioners shall make upon any difference as to any matter of salvage being referred to them, the sum of seven shillings and sixpence, over and above the stamp duty chargeable on such award, by the said parties in difference, in equal moieties; and for

1

Class 11.]

Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters.

advertising' any anchor, cable, or other ship's materials as aforesaid, the aum of five shillings, besides the expeaces attending the same, by the person or persons finding and bringing such anchor, cable, or other ship's materials, and the owner thereof, in equal shares.

XLII. And whereas it would be a great benefit to the persons concerned in ships and vessels resorting to the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, if the lighters and other vessels carrying for hire ballast for ships or vessels, within the said port, or the limits thereof, as to the tonnage of the same, were put under proper regulations; be it further enacted, That from and after the expiration of two calendar months from the passing of this act, all and every person and persons who shall keep or use for carrying for hire, ballast for ships or vessels, any lighter or other vessel within the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the limits thereof, shall cause the same to be registered by the clerk to the said commissioners in a register to be by him kept for that purpose, in which register the said clerk shall enter, in numerical progression, the name of the owner or owners of every such lighter or other vessel, together with the tonnage thereof; to which register all persona interested shall have recourse at all seasonable times, on payment, for the purposes of this act, of sixpence for every search; and every person who shall keep or use for the carrying for hire, ballast for ships or*vessels, any lighter or other vessel within the said port of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the limits thereof, shall produce such lighter or other vessel to the clerk to the said commissioners, at or as near as convenient to the gates between the aaid wet dock and the said haven, or other convenient place within the said haven or dock, to be appointed by the said commissioners, and shall at the lame time, at his or their own expence, cause the tonnage of the said lighter or other vessel to be ascertained to the satisfaction of the said clerk, by causing the same to be fairly and properly weighed, and two gauge marks to be made and fixed on the stem and stern of every such lighter or other *vessel, and between every two gauge marks to cause visible marks to be made and set, in order that the tonnage and burthen of every such lighter, or other vessel respectively, may be computed and distinguished by a gradual progression of two tons and a half, with copper or brass nails, or in such manner and form as the said commissioners shall direct; and shall at all times afterwards preserve, and keep clean and legible the same name, number, and tonnage so to be marked as aforesaid; and the owner of every such lighter or other vessel, shall be paid for the ballast, delivered out of the same according to the tonnage so to be ascertained as aforesaid, after the water has been pumped therefrom, and the lighter trimmed so as to make the same swim at equal marks at the stem and stern thereof; and the owner of every such lighter or other vessel, shall pay to the treasurer oc clerk to the said commissioners, to be applied towards carrying this act into execution, the sum of seven shillings and sixpence, and no more; and such clerk shall attend within the hours of transacting business at the custom* house, to see every such lighter or other vessel weighed, marked, and registered as aforesaid, upon twenty-four hours notice given to him for that purpose, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner of such lighter Or other vessel, any sum not exceeding fifty shillings for every time be shall neglect so to attend, unless such clerk shall be prevented from attending on account of sickness or some other sufficient cause; and the said clerk shall also enter in a book to be kept for that purpose, in a due and regnlar rotation, as well the names of such lighters or other vessels, when and as they shall severally arrive or he laden with ballast, as the names of such ships or vessels, the owners or masters whereof shall apply for ballast; and it shall be lawfol for the said clerk to demand and receive from such owners or masters, for the use of the owners of the lighters or other vessels supplying the quantity of ballast required, the full current price of such ballast, and also one shilling for each and every entry; and the said clerk shall pay unto the owner of every lighter or other vessel the money so by him received for such ballast, first deducting thereout one halfpenny per ton for every ton of ballast so delivered, (and which deduction the said clerk is hereby authorised to make,) to be applied for the purposes of this act.

XLJI1. And be it further enacted, That the clerk to the said commissioners shall yearly and every year, on the first Monday in July, or within eight days then next following, within the hours of business, review and examine

317

39, 40 Geo. 111. c. 10.

All Vessels carrying Ballast for Hire, to b« registered.

Lighters to be weighed.

Toon age to be ascertained by Gauge Marks.

Lighten to take their Turn in

TSttSST

Commissioners Clerk to examine all such Vessels yearly;

318

Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. [Part 1 V.

39, 40 Geo. III. c. 10.

And if be shall

discover any Fraud, lo present tome to the CommiMionen.

Owner* refusing lo produce Lighter to be renewed, or to trim and pump before Delivery of Ballast, lo forfeit not exceeding b£.

Not to extend to the Trinity House of Dept, ford Strond, Dover, Deal, The Isle of Thanet, or Newcastle-upon. Tyne.

e

Not to prejudice the Corporation of Kineston-npoo-Hull t

Nor the Trinity House of King. ston-upon-Hull:

Nor the Dock Company of Klnsston-upon. HulL

all such lighten and other vessels at or near the said dock gates, or such other convenient place as aforesaid, and see that the name, number, and tonnage marked thereon, are plain and legible, and the gauge marks complete and perfect, and whether any frauds have been committed by alterations made therein or otherwise; and such clerk shall affix or cause to be affixed, on some conspicuous place near the said dock gates, three days notice of the time or times when he will attend to make such review and examination; and in case he shall find that any such fraud hath been committed, or any such gauge marks are altered or incomplete, or any cause of complaint, he shall make a presentment thereof to the said commissioners; and in case the owner or part owner, master or other person employed on* board of any such lighter or other vessel as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce his lighter or other vessel to be reviewed and examined as aforesaid, notice of the time of such review and examination being given as aforesaid, and shall afterwards lade or use such lighter or other vessel before it shall have been reviewed and examined by such clerk, or shall refuse or neglect, previous to the delivery of any ballast, properly to trim the same, and to pump all the water out of such lighter or other vessel as aforesaid, or shall wilfully and fraudulently obliterate or alter the name, number, or tSnnage of such lightei or other vessel, or shall not report the arrival of such lighter or other vessel, and deliver the ballast therein in a due and regular rotation as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds; and there shall be paid towards the expence of carrying this act into execution, for the trouble of taking and making every such review and examination, by the owner or owners of such lighter or other vessel, the sum of two shillings and sixpence for every such lighter or other vessel so reviewed and examined.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging or defeating, impeaching or interrupting, of any grants, liberties, franchises, powers, authorities, or immunities, granted, given, and allowed by any act of parliament, grant, or charter, to the master, wardens, and assistants of the guild, fraternity, or brotherhood of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the parish of Deptford Strond, in the county of Kent; or to the society and fellowship of the master, wardens, and pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; or the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

XLV. Provided also. That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or interrupt any jurisdiction or power of the mayor and burgesses of Kingston-upon-Hull, in, about, or concerning the port and harbour of Kingston-upon-Hull, as settled and vested in them by any letters patent, charters, or grants, act of parliament, or otherwise; or to prejudice or take away any dues, duties, or payments, right, property, or jurisdiction, of the said mayor and burgesses.

XLVI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, impeach, diminish, change or affect, the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of the guild or brotherhood of masters and pilots, seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, about or concerning the said haven, dock, or roadsteads, or other premises vested in them, or which they might have used, exercised, and enjoyed by virtue of any charter, letters patent, act of parliament, or title whatsoever, in case this act had not been made, otherwise than as the same are by this act expressly extended, varied, altered or restrained.

XLVII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, impeach, diminish, change, or afffect the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of the dock company of Kingston*upon-Hull, or to lessen, prejudice, or take away any tolls, dues, duties, or payments, right, property, or authority, with which the said dock company are vested, or which they might have received, collected, used, exercised, and enjoyed, by act of parliament, grant, or other title whatsoever, in case this act bad not been made.

Class II.] Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. 319

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, interrupt, or affect any jurisdiction or power of the mayor and burgesses of Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln, in, about, or concerning the port and haven of Grimsby, as settled and vested in them by any letters patent, charters, or grants, or which in Tight of prescription or otherwise they lawfully can or may have or claim; nor to diminish, abrogate, change, or affect the rights, powers, privileges, jurisdictions, or authorities of the Grimsby Haven company; or to reduce, annihilate, or prejudice any tolls, dues, duties, or payments, rights, property or authority, with which the said haven company are invested, or which they might have received, collected, exercised, and enjoyed, by act of parliament or otherwise, in case this act had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners at any time or times, to make, ordain, and establish such orders, rules, and by-laws, for the better government and regulation of the river pilots to be appointed and licenced as aforesaid, the management, owning, manning, working, plying, navigating, and keeping in a proper state of repair and condition, the pilot boats to be employed by them, for the adjusting of salvage, for the fair and Tegular supplying of ships and vessels with ballast, by the lighters taking a due and proper turn or rotation in serving ships or vessels, and in all other matters relating to the due execution of this act; and also from time to time, as occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter, such rules, orders, and by-laws, as to them shall from time to time seem meet and convenient, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding ten pounds for any one offence, for the non-observance, non-performance, or other breach, of all or any of such rules, orders, or by-laws; and the said commissioners shall cause the said orders, rules, and by-laws, with the rates of pilotage, and a list of the said river pilots, to be from time to time printed, distributed, and rendered as conspicuous as may be.

L. Provided always, That the Baid orders, rules, and by-laws, or any of them, shall not be contrary or repugnant to the laws, statutes, or customs of the realm of Great Britain, nor prejudicial nor derogatory to any right, authority, or jurisdiction belonging to the office of the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or to the powers, provisions, or authorities in this act made, given, or created.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace for the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and county of the same town, such justices or either of them not having acted as a commissioner under this act in any transaction relative to the cause of complaint or matter in dispute, to bear and determine any offence against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law made by the said commissioners in pursuance thereof; and the said justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witness or witnesses on each side, and to examine into the matter or matters of fact; and upon due proof thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the said party, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the solemn affirmation or affirmations of such witness or witnesses, in case he, she, or they be of the people called Quakers (all which oaths and affirmations such justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, or as shall be directed in and by any such rule, order or by-law, to be made as aforesaid, and to award reasonable costs to be paid by the offender, and to issue their warrant under their hands and seals for levying such penalty or forfeiture and costs so adjudged and awarded, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner of such goods and chattels upon demand; and in case sufficient goods and chattels of such offender cannot be found within the said town and county, to answer and pay such penalty or forfeiture and costs as aforesaid, and the same shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace, and they are hereby required by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of and for the said town and county, there to

39, 40 Geo. 111. c. 10.

Not to affert the Rights of the Cor porn lion of Great Grimsby.

Commissioners empowered to make By-Laws,

Which shall be printed |

Bat not to be repugnant to the Laws of the

Realm.

Two Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Offences,

39, 40 Geo. III. c. 10.

For compellinfr thr Attendance of Witueaaea.

Persons ig. grieved may appeal to the Uuarter Seasons.

Proceeding* to be within six months.

Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. [Part IV.

remain without bail or mainprize for anytime not exceeding three calendar months, as the said justices so committing such offender shall judge proper and direct, unless such penalty or forfeiture, and all reasonable costs and charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; which said penalties and forfeitures so adjudged and paid or levied as aforesaid, and for the appropriation whereof no provision is hereby otherwise made, shall go and be paid to the treasurer or clerk to the said commissioners, to be applied and disposed of in the manner hereinbefore mentioned

LIT. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before any such justices of the peace, touching any matter of fact contained in any information or complaint for any offence against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law made in pursuance thereof; or if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the said town and county, or adjournment, upon any appeal by virtue of this act, and any such person shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose mentioned in such summons, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their refusal or neglect; or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, or (in case of a quaker) on solemn affirmation, and to give evidence before such justices of the peace, or at such sessions or adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said cases, every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall find himself aggrieved by or dis-satisfied with the conviction or judgment of the said justices, by reason of any sentence, judgment, or decree, given, pronounced, made, and recorded by them in pursuance of this act, then such person shall and may, within four calendar months after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, but not later, complain or appeal to the justices of the peace at any quarter session to be held for the said town and county of Kingston-upon-Hull, or at any adjournment thereof, at the election of the party aggrieved, such party first giving or causing to be given ten days notice at the least, in writing, of his intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter, thereof, to the justices of the peace before whom such person shall have been convicted, and to the person or persons who is or are intended to be affected by such appeal, and within three days after such notice entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said town and county, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide such order as shall be made, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter sessions or adjournment; and the said justices at such sessions or adjournment thereof are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and to hear and determine the matter of such complaint or appeal, and to award such costs to the party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and by their OTder or warrant to levy the costs which shall be so awarded, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party liable to pay the same, rendering the overplns, (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels upon demand; and in case sufficient goods and chattels of such person cannot be found within the said town and county to answer and pay such costs as aforesaid, and the same shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their bands and seals, to commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction of and for the said town and county, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, as the justices so committing such person shall think proper and direct; which order and determination shall be final, conclusive, and binding unto all parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shalf be subject or liable to the payment of any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by virtue of this act, for any offence against this act, or any rule, order, or by-law to be made in pursuance thereof, unless some proceeding shall be had according to the directions of this act, respecting the recovery of such penalty or forfeiture, within six calendar months next after the offence committed.

Class II.] Pilots, Salvage, and Ballast Lighters. 321

LV. And for the more easy conviction of such offenders as aforesaid, be 39, 40 Geo. III. it further enacted, That the justices of the peace before whom any person c> shall be convicted of any offence against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law to be made in pursuance thereof, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other Form of words to the same effect; videlicet, Conviction.

Town of Kin^ton-upon-Hull, 1 " Be it remembered, That on the

<nd County of the «roe Town, V d of in the year of our

* °W"- 3 "Lord

" A. B. is convicted before us

" two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the town of Kingston-upon-Hull and county of the same town, by virtue of an act of Parliament, passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the title of " this acf] of [specifying the offence, and

" the time and place when and where the same was committed, as " the case shall 6e] for which offence, we adjudge the said A. B. to " have forfeited the sum of Given

" under our hands and seals the day and year first above written."

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any distress shall be made for any sura or sums of money to he levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, may recover satisfaction for the special damage in an action upon the case; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action, for any such irregularity or other proceeding, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity or wrongful proceeding, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings or orders and judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

I.VII. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act, or against any rule, order, or by-law to be made in pursuance thereof, or any order made, or other matter nr thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the execution of this act, or of any such rule, order, or by-law, shall be made void or quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record Westminster; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIIT. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, until twenty-one days notice thereof shall be first given in writing to the treasurer or clerk to the said commissioners, signed by the intended plaintiff or plaintiffs, of the cause and intention of and for commencing such action or suit; nor at any time whatsoever after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved; nor after six calendar months next after the fact committed, for which such action or suit shall be so brought; and every such action or suit shall be laid and tried in the county of York, or in the said town and county of Kingston-tipon-Hull, and not in any other county or place; and that the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial which shall be had -thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such action or suit was brought before twenty-one

ss

Dbtre* not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

Proceeding* not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

322

Ferry Boat Dick. [Part IV.

41 Geo. III. c. 05.

General l»ue.

Treble Cort*.

Public Act

days notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than aforesaid, then the jury shaty find for such defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs4in such action or suit shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such action, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant hath for costs of suit in any other case by law.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons without specially pleading the same.

CLASS IIL

FERRY BOAT DOCK.

41 Geo. III. Cap. 65. Royal Assent, 20th June, 1801.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market-Place, Ac. (for Title, see page 152, ante.)

Crown Land granted to tha Mayor and Bur-grww for a Dock and Landing Place for the fwry Boat*.

II. And whereas the landing places used for the ferry and market boats, belonging and resorting to the same town, are in a very inconvenient situation. *

IX. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify his royal pleasure that, in order to enable the said mayor and burgesses to make such dock and wbarf or landing place as aforesaid, for the reception of the said ferry and market boats, and other the purposes hereinbefore mentioned," All that plot or parcel of ground situate and being in the " town of Kingiton-upon-Hull aforesaid, in or near certain streets or places " there called the fore ropery and back ropery or Humber-Street, abutting upon ground belonging to his Majesty called the artillery yard, and " ground of the said mayor and burgesses, on or towards the east; on " other ground of the said mayor and burgesses on or towards the west; on " the said streets called the fore ropery and back ropery or Humber* " Street on or towards the north; and on the fore shore of the river Hnmber " on or towards the south, with the erections and buildings thereon stand* ing, now in the several tenures or occupations of Thomas Nicholson," John Atkin, Timothy Thomey, Thomas Gleadow, and others," (being part of the land belonging to his Majesty's military works at the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull) shall, in consideration of the sum of two thousand four hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said mayor and burgesses into the treasury of his Majesty's office of ordnance, and to be applied to the current service of his Majesty's said office of ordnance, be granted and confirmed unto the said mayor and burgesses and their successors; Be it therefore enacted. That upon payment of the said sum of two thoumnd four hundred pounds by the said mayor and burgesses to the treasurer for the time being of his Majesty's said office of ordnance, or his deputy, (who is hereby authorised and required to receive

Set see. 3, 6. 7, page 1M, ante.

Class III.] Ferry Boat Dock. MS

such money, and to give a receipt or discharge for the same,) all that the 41 Geo. III. said plot or parcel of ground, hereditaments, and premises above mentioned c 05 and described, with the appurtenances, shall be granted and confirmed; and the same are hereby declared to be accordingly granted and confirmed to the said mayor and burgesses and their successors, and the same shall thereupon become vested in the said mayor and burgesses and their successors for ever, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all claim, right, and title whatsoever of his Majesty in right of the crown, his heirs and successors; and that from and immediately after payment of the sum of two thousand four hundred pounds as aforesaid, it snail be lawful for the aid mayor and burgesses and their successors to enter upon and take possession of the same plot or parcel of ground, hereditaments, and premises, and to convert and apply the same for the purposes hereby directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the receipt or discharge hereinbefore porm of directed to be given for the said sum of two thousand four hundred pounds, Receipt* shall be in the words or to the effect following, (videlicet :J

Received the day of of the mayor

and burgesses of the town or borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, the " sum of two thousand four hundred pounds of lawful money of Great 0t Britain, in full for the absolute purchase of all that plot or parcel of ground, hereditaments, and premises, being part of the land belong ing to his Majesty's military works at the said town of Kingston- upon-Hull, and which, by an act of parliament passed in the f rty-41 first year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled [here insert the title of this ac/] are directed and declared to become vested in the* said mayor and burgesses, upon payment of the said sum of two thousand four hundred pounds into the treasury of his Majesty's office of ordnance, end which said sum of two thousand four hundred pounds is to be applied to the current service of his Majesty's said office of ordnance. As witness my band.

Witness, Treasurer or deputy treasurer,

(as the case may be,)

Which receipt or discharge, when so signed by the said treasurer, or his deputy for the time being, shall be enrolled in the office of the King's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of Exchequer at Westminster; and the proper officer of the said court is hereby required, upon the production of such receipt to enrol the same, and at the foot or on the back thereof to give a certificate of such enrolment; and the said receipt or discharge, or a copy of such enrolment, duly attested by the proper officer of the said court of exchequer, shall at all times thereafter be admitted and allowed as evidence in any court of law or equity of the payment of the said sum of two thousand four hundred pounds in pursuance of this act.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so Fmv and Market soon as the said dock and wharf or landing place shall be made, all the Bo*t« to lade and terry and market boats belonging or resorting to the said town of Kingston- t, e

upon-Hull, shall proceed to the said dock, and land and deliver their pas- |»|BC"r|o sengers and goods upon the said wharf or landing place, and at no other made

nanforesaid,

place within the limits of the said town, (except as hereafter mentioned; ) not H«r-and that all such ferry and market boats respectively shall take in and wl, ere-receive their passengers and goods, to be conveyed from the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, at the said wharf or landing place, and at no other place within the limits of the said town, (except also as hereafter mentioned.)

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Ap- ni.um<*nt of said mayor and burgesses in common council assembled, and they are SupcriptmCrnt hereby authorised, from time to time as occasion shall require, to nominate of llr, mk-and appoint a proper person to be the taperintendent of the said dock and wharf or landing place, and to remove, suspend, or dismiss such person so to be appointed at their free will and pleasure; which superintendent of the u\s Power.

* aid dock, shall have full power and authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of all the ferry and market boats coming into, lying, or being in the said dock; also to appoint and direct the time or timet and manner of their entrance into or going out of the same dock, and the situations and berths for such boats to land or deliver, lade or take in, their respective passengers and goods, and the time or times of opening and shutting the gates of the said dock.

324

Ferry Boat Dock. [Part IV.

41 Geo. III. c. 65.

Penalty for disobeying his Order*.

For keeping the Entrance to the Dock clear.

To prevent Nuisances in the Dock.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

On Non-payment of Penal ties, liable to commit, uient.

Penalties may be

mitigated.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That after the said dock and wharf or landing place shall be made, if any master, servant, or other person having the charge or direction of any ferry or market boat, shall proceed to any other place within the limits of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, except the said dock, to receive and take in or land or unload any passengers or goods (but in cases of necessity, to be allowed by the superintendent of the said dock for the time being,) or if any such master, servant, or other person as aforesaid shall disobey the orders or directions of the said superintendent with respect to the lading or delivering, mooring or unmooring any ferry or market boat, every such master, servant, or other person so offending shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds for every such offence, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

XLII. And for the better making and preserving a free and clear passage and entrance from the river Humber into «nd out of the said dock, for the said ferry and market boats; Be it further enacted, That no ship, vessel, lighter, barge, craft, or boat of any description whatever, shall lie across, in or in any way obstruct the entrance into or from the said dock, under a penalty uot exceeding five pounds for every such offence, to be paid by the master, servant, or other person having the charge of every such ship, vessel, lighter, barge, craft, or boat as aforesaid, and to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

XL1TI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons whomsoever shall throw, cast, or put any ballast, earth, dust, ashes, stones, or other things into the said dock, or upon the said wharf or landing place, to he made in pursuance of this act, to the prejudice thereof, or do any other annoyance to the same or any part thereof, and complaint thereof shall he made upon oath by the said superintendent, or any other person or persons, the same shall be examined into and determined by two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and they are hereby authorised to impose upon the offender or offenders such fine or fines, not exceeding five pounds for each offence, as the said justices shall think reasonable.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all panalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, concerning which no particular direction hath been already given, shall (if not paid within fourteen da>s after the same shall be demanded) be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and se< Is of any two or more justices of the peace for the said town and county if the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, which warrant they are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the information of one or more credible witness or witnesses, upon oath before them made, which oath they are hereby empowered to administer; and that all such penalties and forfeitures (after deducting all damages, rewards for the detection of offenders, and the costs and charges of suit, and rendering the overplus (if any) when demanded, to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and sold, the costs and charges of such distress and sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the common officer of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, and be applied one half to the informer, and the other half to the purposes of this act; and in case no such distress as aforesaid can be had, then it shall and may be lawful for the said two or more justices, by like warrant or warrants, to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the space of ten days, without bail or mainprise, or for any less time, at the discretion of such justices, unless the said penalty and charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XLV. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace, or any two of them, by whom any judgment, sentence, or determination shall be given, pronounced, or made, from time to time, where they see cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the penalties or forfeitures aforesaid, as he or they in his or their discretion shall think fit, so as such mitigation or composition do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this act; and that every such mitigation or composition shall be a sufficient discharge for the persons offending respectively, for so much of the said penalties and forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

Class III.]

Firry Boat Dock,

325

XLVI. And for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against 41 Geo. III. this act, Be it further enacted, That every justice of the peace before whom ^5

any person shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up according to the following form

victe<Vbefore us, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the " town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull [specifying the offence, and the time and place token and where committed, as the case " may £e.]

Given under our hands and seals the day and year first above mentioned."

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons thinking Appeal, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the order or determination of any justice or justices of the peace, with respect to any penalty to be imposed by virtue of this act, may within three calendar months after such order and determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the justices of the peace at any general quarter sessions to be held for the said East Riding of the county of York, first giving ten dayB notice at the least in writing of such intention to appeal, to the parties interested in such complaint; and the said justices shall in a summary way hear and determine the said appeal at such sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next general court of quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said riding; and if they see cause may mitigate any penalty or forfeiture, and may order any money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such order or determination, and may also order any such further satisfaction to be made to the party injured, as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such costs to be paid to the party aggrieved by the party aggressing, as they in their judgment shall think just and reasonable.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be Diftrewnotbe made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the deemed unlawful distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making of

the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect, 0 default, or want of form in any proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage by action on the case.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no proceeding to be had touching Proceedings not the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act, or any order to be quashed for made, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or relating Want of Form-to the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, That the statute made in the twenty-fourth Act of 24 Geo. IL year of the reign of his late Majesty George the Second, intituled," An Act for tendering for rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their ©rewfe

4t office, and for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to in t]ie Execution " their warrants," so far as the same relates to rendering justices of the of their Office peace more safe in the execution of their office, shall extend and be con- extended to this strued to extend to the justices respectively acting under the authority of Ac this act; and no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or Limiution of persons for any thing done in pursuance or under colour of this act, until Action, twenty days notice shall be thereof given in writing, to or after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or six calendar months next after the fact committed for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought; and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the county of York, being the next adjoining county to the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in General Usuc. such actions or suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial or trials which

(videlicit:)

Be it remembered, That on the the year of our Lord

day of

Form of in Conviction. A. B. is con-

330 Ferry Boat Dock. [Part IV,

41 Geo. 111. c. 65. shall be had thereupon, and that the matter ox thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before twenty days notice given as aforesaid, and that a sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if the plaintiff' or plaintiff's in such action or actions, suitor suits, shall become nonsuited, or

Treble Cost*. suffer a discontinuance thereof, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then and in any of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

Public Act LI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and all judges, justices, and other persons are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

PART V

COURTS OF JUSTICE.

CLASS I. — COURT OF REQUESTS. *

2 Geo. III. Cap. 38. 1761.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-liull.

WHEREAS the town of Kingston-upon-Hull is a port town, and great and extensive trade and commerce is carried on therein: and whereas there are many ill-disposed persons who often contract small debts, and although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming ou the discouragements which creditors lie under from the expence which they are unavoidably put to, and the delays which they meet with, in suing for such debts: and whereas the providing of a more easy and speedy method for the recovery of small debts, will greatly tend to promote industry, as well as to support and encourage useful credit within the said town and county of the same: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the mayor and aldermen of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, Thomas Broadley, Robert Carlile Broad ley, Isaac Broadley, Joseph Hickson, John Booth, Benjamin Blaydes the elder, Henry Etherington, Gardiner Egginton, John Greathed, John Gylby, James Hamilton, John Jarratt, Henry Maister, Thomas Mowld, John Moore, Samuel Martin the elder, John Mace, Henry Neve, Edmund Popple, John Porter, Robert Pease, William Thornton, William Turner, Joseph Thompson, Robert Thorley, Robert Wilberforce, Samuel Watson the younger, Joseph Williamson, Thomas Williamson, and William Waller, esquires, shall be and are hereby appointed commissioners to bear and determine all such matters of debt as are hereinafter mentioned; and the said commissioners and their successors are hereby constituted a

To addition to the Court of Requests there is a Court of Record for the towu aod county of the town of Kingston.upon Hull, in which a Venire for the trial of Causes is held every three months. Actions may be brought in this court for debts of any amount; alao actions of ejectment to recover the poswssion of real estates, and trover for personal property. Actions of trespass, defamation of character, Ate. may be brought, in which there is no limit to the amount of damages that mar be given; I he cause of action how. ever uhmS arise within the town and county of the town of Kinssftoa.upon.HuIl, where only the court has jurisdiction. The business of this court is managed by Attorneys, and it»e practice is similar to that of the Court of King's Bench. All the practising attorneys resident in Hall may be admitted and practice as attorneys of this court if they think pcvp«r.

Commissioners

appointed.

They are constituted a Court of Requests.

328

Court of Requests.

[Part V.

2 Geo. 111. c. 38.

Three empowered to hold a Court on Wednesday in every Week.

Their First Meeting.

Business of other Courts held in the Guild-Hall, fitc. not to be impeded by their Meetings.

Power snd Businew of the Court.

Casting Vote upon any Question where there is an equality, to lie in the mayor, senior alderman, or commissioner who stands first on the list.

Method of election of new Commissioners in the room of such as shall die, or refuse to act.

The order and rotation in which the Commissioners are to be summoned to attend the court

Any Comm is. sioner, though not summoned or standing in rotation, may sit and do business in the couri-

ered i tors may sue for any t>ebt under 40s. in the said Court, upon

court of justice by the name of The Court of Requests for the town, port, and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; and they the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said court on every other Wednesday, or oftener, if there shall be occasion, in the town or guild-hall of the said town, or at any other convenient place within the said town and county, to be appointed by the major part of such of the commissioners as shall be assembled at any such meeting; and the first meeting of the said uommissioners shall be held on the Wednesday fortnight next after the passing of this act; but so as the said meetings shall not impede or interrupt the business at any time to be done by or before his Majesty's justices of assize, justices of oyer and terminer, justices of gaol delivery, or justices of the peace, usually done, held, or kept, in the said town or guild-hall; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time assembled at such courts, are hereby authorised and fully empowered to hear and determine all such causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give such judgments, and to make such orders and decrees therein, and to award execution thereupon, with costs, against the body and bodies or against the goods, of all and every the person and persons against whom they shall give any such judgment, or make any such order or decree, as to them shall seem just in law or equity; and if the commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any question that may come before them, the mayor of the borough for the time being if present, or in his absence the senior alderman present, and if no alderman is present, the commissioner present, who Btands first in the list of commissioners to be hung up in the court or place where the commissioners shall meet, shall have another and the casting vote.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time on the death or refusal to act of aDy or either of the commissioners hereinbefore particularly named, or of any or either of their successors to be elected in manner hereinafter immediately mentioned, it shall be lawful for the mayor and aldermen of the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, or the major part of them when assembled together, and they are hereby required to assemble together within the space of one month next after such decease or refusal to act shall happen or be known, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one commissioner in the stead of such commissioner so dying or refusing to act; and every such commissioner so elected shall be and is hereby enabled to act in the execution of the powers hereby granted to the commissioners aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if he had been particularly named herein as a commissioner.

III. And to the end that no undue preference may be made and given in summoning the said commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of this act, to attend the said court, he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the serjeant of the said court for the time being, to be nominated or elected as hereinafter mentioned, shall summon the mayor and one alderman, or two aldermen, together with six other commissioners, beginning with the mayor and one alderman, and six other commissioners who shall be first named io the list of commissioners to be hung up in the said court, to attend the said court as commissioners for two weeks then next ensuing, and shall once a fortnight summon the like number of commissioners as they shall stand in order and rotation upon the said list.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude or debar any of the commissioners for the time being from sitting in the said court, although such commissioners shall not have been summoned, or stand in rotation to be summoned, but that such commissioners, if they shall think fit so to do, shall and may sit, bear, and determine, give judgment and make orders and decrees in the said court; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever who now hath, have, or hereafter shall have any debt or debts under the value of forty shillings due or owing, or be-

329

Class I.] Court of Requests.

longing unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or as ex- 2 Geo. III.

ecutor, administrator, guardian, or trustee to any other person or persons, c> 33

by or from any other person or persons whatsoever inhabiting or residing

within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull, or the county of the same

town, or using or frequenting the markets thereof, or usually buying or Application to

selling, or seeking a livelihood therein, or sailing or navigating to and from the Clerk, who

the said port and haven of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, to apply to the ^ut^u, nmon lhe

clerk of the court for the time being, or his deputy, who shall immediately r *

make out and deliver to the serjeant of the said court for the time being

(who is hereby authorised and required to execute all warrants, precepts,

and processes of the said court of requests) a summons in writing under

his hand, directed to such debtor or debtors, expressing the sum demanded

of him, her, or them, the party demanding and requiring him, her, or them

to appear at a certain time and place to be mentioned in such summons,

before the commissioners of the said court to answer such complaint; and

the serjeant of the said court shall forthwith cause such summons to be

served on such debtor or debtors, either personally or by leaving the same

at the dwelling-house, lodging, place of abode, shop, shed, stall, stand, or

other place of dealing or trading of such debtor or debtors, being within

the limits of the said town or county, with his, her, or their servant or

other person belonging to him, her, or them; and that upon proof made Upon Proof of

that such summons hath been duly served, the said commissioners, or any sserricaof the

three or more of them, assembled in court, being a majority of such court, Summon *, the

are hereby empowered and required to make due enquiry concerning such a^enq'mre *

demands or plaints, and make such orders and decrees therein, and pass into the Demand,

such final judgment or sentence thereupon, and award costs of suit, as to and pass final

them shall seem most agreeable to equity and good conscience; and for the , u', Sfnellt there.

better discovery of the truth, and more solemn determination of matters /[!jd in the

and causes which shall be depending in the said court, it shall be lawful for Course of their

the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in court, Enquiry raay

and they are hereby empowered to administer, or cause to be administered,

an oath or oaths to either of the said parties willing to be examined touch- Witnavesand

ing the matters then in question, and to such witness or witnesses as shall Officer* of the

be produced by each party, and to the officers of the said court, and also to C011

any other person or persons whose evidence shall seem necessary, towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes, or making any order or

decree therein, or for any other purposes requisite to the execution of this act. *

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if such debtor or debtors who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such court at the time and place mentioned in the said summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, cr any three or more of them, so assembled, being a majority of the said court, after due proof made, upon oath, of the service of the said summons, in manner aforesaid, to bear the cause on the part of the plaintiff or plaintiffs only, and t*> uuke such order, decree, or judgment, and to award reasonable costs of suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to equity and good conscience.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if upon the day of return of the summons, or at any continuation or adjournment of the said court, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing, shall not make proof of his, her, or their demand, to the satisfaction of the court, but become nonsuited, il shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a majority of the said court, to award to the defendant or defendants reasonable costs, and to order and oblige the plaintiff or plaintiffs to pay the same, by such ways and means as are herein provided for the recovery of debts ordered and decreed by the said court.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in any case where the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have made any order or decree for the payment of money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a majority of the said court, to award execution either against the body or goods of the party against whom such order or decree

See 48 Geo. Ill c. 100, s. 0, post.

T t

Debtor not appearing Court may bear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff and pant

Judgment there, on, with Costs.

Plaintiff not

appearing or being non-suited, Costs to be awarded to the Defendant.

Upon Order of the Court for Payment of Money, Execution is to be awarded against the Body or Goods of the Party.

330

Court of Requests.

[Part V.

2 Geo. III. c. 38.

shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the clerk of the said court, at the prayer of the paTty prosecuting such order or decree for the payment of the money, to issue a precept under his hand and seal, by way of Capias ad satisfaciendum, or Fieri faciast to the serjeant of the Upon Execution court, who, by virtue of any such precept issued upon execution

iJued against the awarded against the body of such party, shall and may, and is hereby em- Body of the powered to take such party, being within the said town or county of the

fineroent ls not town Kingston-upon-Hull, and cany him, her, or them, to the common

to exceed Three gaol or house of correction for the said town, there to remain until he, she. Months. or they shall perform and obey such order, decree or judgment, so as no

person shall remain in confinement upon any such execution for a longer space than three calendar months; and by virtue of any such precept issued upon execution awarded against the goods of any such party, shall and may, and is hereby empowered to levy by distress and sale of the goods of such party, being within the said town or county, such sum or sums of money, and costs, as shall be so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; Tf the Service or and if the party against whose body or goods any such execution shall be Effects of the awarded, and process thereupon shall issue, shall, by absconding, or by prevent!*?or* secreting his, her, or their goods, or by any other means, prevent or evade evaded, the the service or effect of any such execution, it shall and may be lawful to Court may award and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in another Execu- gucj, conrtt being a majority of the said court, upon due proof made to them, l0n* by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that the

service or effect of the said execution had been prevented or evaded, at their discretion, to award another execution either against the body or goods of such party, and process shall issue thereupon, and be served by the serjeant of the said court, in manner as is aforesaid; and in case the said court shall at any time, upon the request, and for the ease and convenience of the defendant or defendants, or order, decree, or adjudge, a debt due to

_____ the plaintiff or plaintiffs to be paid by several payments, upon the first

* evrral'Payments, default or failure of any of the said payments so ordered, decreed, and the Court may adjudged, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such court, being a majority of the said court, at the instance of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, and upon due proof of the said default or failure, shall and may award execution for the whole debt, or such part thereof as shall remain unpaid at the time of such default or failure, together with such further costs as to them shall seem meet, to be recovered by the same methods and means as are herein provided for the recovery of a debt and costs first decreed; the former order, decree, or judgment to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every precept to be issued upon execution awarded against the body or goods of any person or persons, the clerk of the said court shall indorse, or

Precept "and on cause to be iudorsed, the sum or sums, and costs so ordered, decreed, or paying in the adjudged; and if the party against whom such execution shall be awarded same to the Clerk respectively, shall, before any actual sale of the goods, or before be or she is before Execution aPPreheQded, or before the expiration of the term of his or her imprison* takes Effect, with ment, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the clerk of the said court, the Feet due to such sum or sums, and costs, together with one shilling, as a reward for his trouble in receiving and paying over the said debt and costs, and entering acknowledgement of satisfaction in full for the sum, and also the sum of two shillings and sixpence for gaol fees (in case such person or persons shall have been committed to prison,) then and in any such case the execution shall be superseded, and the body or goods of the said party shall be discharged and set at liberty.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no privilege, or pretended privilege, shall be allowed to exempt any person liable to be summoned by virtue of this act, from the jurisdiction of the said court

sccoun^ofFbeinir re(luests» on account of his being a sworn attorney or solicitor of any of

an Attorney or g the courts at Westminster, or of any other court whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the serjeant of the said court, who shall be employed to serve an execution shall, by wilful or notorious neglect or connivance, cause or suffer the party against whom such execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond

See 48 Geo. 111. c. 109, a. 15. post.

Upon the flrat Default of Payment of any Money decreed to be paid by

award Execution for the whole Debt, with further Coata.

The Debt and Coata to be marked on the Back of the

the respective Officers, See. Execution is to be superseded.

No Person exempted from the Jurisdiction of the Court on

Solicitor.

Where Execu. tion shall not have its due Effect, through the Neglect or

Class I.] Court of Requests. 331

or the goods of such party be carried away or secreted, so that such execu- 2 Geo. III. tion shall not have its due effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the c gg

said commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at any such court, being a majority of the said court, upon complaint made, and due \^*v^*S proof thereof upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or wit- Connivance of nesses, to order such serjeant to pay the sum or sums of money for which the Officer, such the said execution was awarded, to the party complaining, and to enforce 0flicer the payment thereof by the same methods and means as are herein provided to W 1 e Uc l-for the recovery of other debts.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no per- Coramiasioner* to ton shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, take the foliow-until be shall have taken an oath to the effect following; that is to say, in8 Oath,

"I A. B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac cording to the best of my judgment, hear and determine such matters and things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an act of parliament for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, without favour, affection, or prejudice, to either party.

Which oath the clerk of the said court, or any of the commissioners who j0 be admin, shall have taken such oath, is hereby empowered and required to administer istered by the in open court, and a memorial thereof shall be entered in the registers of the Clc.rlj' said court by the said clerk. regw re

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That John John Basby,

Baixby of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, gentleman, shall be, and is hereby Gent, constituted constituted and appointed, clerk of the said court of requests, during his

good behaviour in the said office, and shall have power and authority, from power to appoint

time to time, to appoint a deputy; which said clerk or his deputy are hereby a Deputy.

empowered and required to issue out all summonses, warrants, and precepts, and to register all orders, decrees, and judgments of the said court, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper books to be provided by him, and kept for that purpose, all the acts and proceedings of the said court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That John joiin Mimby Mimby of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, shall be and is hereby constituted appointed and appointed serjeant of the said court of requests for the serving of sum- ScOe4nl* mouses, and executing such orders, warrants, and precepts, and doing and performing such other acts, matters, and things, as are herein appointed to

be done by him.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when- Vacancies of

ever it shall happen that the place or places of clerk and serjeant shall Clerk and Ser. become vacant, the mayor of the said town for the time being shall, and is to *

hereby required, within ten days after such vacancy shall happen, to cause p '

all the said commissioners for the time being to be summoned to meet at the town or guild*hall of the said town, at a certain time by him to be appointed, so as the same shall not be less than four days nor more than fourteen days after such vacancy shall happen, and the mayor for the time being have knowledge thereof; and the commissioners assembled pursuant to such summons, or the major part of them so assembled, shall nominate and appoint another fit and able person or persons to be clerk and serjeant of the said court during his or their good behaviour.

XVI. + And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Fees allowed m several fees hereafter limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerk and the said clerk and serjeant for their several and respective services in the Seq*a"t. execution of this act; that is to say,

For issuing every summons, to the clerk, sixpence.

For service of every summons, and attending the court with the return, to the serjeant, threepence.

For entering the cause, to the clerk, sixpence.

For every hearing, to the clerk, threepence.

For every order, to the clerk, threepence.

For entering every order and making, to the clerk, threepence.

For service of every order against a party not in court, and attending with return, to the serjeant, sixpence.

3 Geo. HI. c. 38.

Court of Requests.

[Part V.

A Table thereof to be hung up in the Court.

Penalty on demanding or taking greater or other Fees, not to exceed 40a nor be lew than 10a for One Offence; and to be paid to the Treasurer of the Guardians of the Poor.

Clerk or Serjeant guilty of notorious Mia behaviour in the Execution of their Offices, the Court may enquire into the same, and certify the Particulars to the Mayor, who shall thereupon summon a General Meeting of the Commia sionera, and they may suspend or remove the Delinquent.

A Commissioner whoisa Party to, or interested in, any cause depending In the court, is to with, draw, after being heard, till the same is determined; the Clerk or other Officer, being interested in like Manner, the court is to appoint another Person to act pro tempore.

Persons who shall insult or abuse the court, while sitting, or any of the Members

For a nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the clerk, twopence.

For an attachment against the defendant for not appearing, to the clerk, sixpence; to the serjeant for service thereof, one shilling.

For acknowledging satisfaction thereof, to the clerk, threepence.

For an execution, to the clerk, sixpence; to the serjeant for service thereof, one shilling.

For a Subpama, to the clerk, threepence; to the serjeant for service thereof, twopence.

For paying money into court, to the clerk, sixpence.

For every search of the books, to the clerk, twopence.

A table of which fees shall, from time to time, be hung up by the clerk of the said court, in some conspicuous part of the said court, or place where the said commissioners shall meet, so that all persons who shall attend the said court may see and read the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said clerk of the said court for the time being, or his deputy or serjeant of the said court for the time being, or any of them, shall knowingly take or demand any greater or other fee or fees than is herein mentioned, upon complaint and due proof thereof, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, made in open court, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a majority of the said court, shall, and are hereby required and empowered from time to time, to punish such offender by fine not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than ten shillings, for one offence; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the bands and seals of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering to the owner the overplus (if any) after the charges of such distress and sale are deducted; which fine and fines, when recovered, shall be paid to the treasurer or treasurers for the time being of the governor, deputy governor, assistants, and guardians, of the poor of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, for and towards the maintenance of such poor as shall or may be chargeable to the said town; and if the clerk or serjeant of the said court, or either of them, for the time being, shall be guilty of any notorious misbehaviour, either by frequently taking or demanding greater or other fees as aforesaid, or otherwise, in the execution of their respective offices, upon complaint made, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, in open court, hear and enquire into the matters of the said misbehaviour, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and shall, if they, being a majority of the said court, think fit, certify the particulars of the said misbehaviour, with the proofs thereof, unto the mayor of the said town for the time being, who shall thereupon cause all the said commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient time and place, and shall lay the same before the commissioners assembled pursuant to such summons, who shall take the same into consideration, and may, according to their discretion, suspend or remove the said clerk or serjeant so offending from his said office, and nominate and appoint another fit and able person to exercise the said office, in the place and stead of him so removed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the commissioners of the said court for the time being, shall be party to, or interested in, any cause depending in the said court, such person shall not be capable of acting as a commissioner, in the bearing or determining the said cause, or making any order, decree, or judgment therein, but after being heard in the said cause, shall withdraw until the same is finally determined; and if the clerk or other officer of the said court for the time being shall be a party to or interested in any cause depending in the said court, such clerk or other officer shall not exercise his said office in the said cause, or any thing relating thereto, but the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such court, being a majority of the said court, shall and may appoint another person to exercise the office of such clerk or other officer respectively, in all things relating to such cause.

XIX. And, for the more effectual establishment of the said court, and that the commissioners thereof may be vested with a proper authority, and be free and exempt from insult and abuse; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the commissioners, or other officers of the said

333

Class I.] Court of Requests.

court, for the time being:, during their sitting in the said court, or going to or from the said court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the proceedings of the said court; it shall and may he lawful for the serjeant of the said court, with or without the assistance of any other person or persons, by order of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a majority of the said court, to take such offender or offenders into custody, and carry him, her, or them before the mayor, or any other justice or justices of the peace for the said town, and up >n the insult, abuse, or other misbehaviour as aforesaid, being duly proved by the oath or oaths of one or more credihle witness or witnesses, the said mayor, justice or justices, shall punish every such offender, either by fine not exceeding forty shillings, nor under five shillings, upon any one person for any one offence, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of such offender; or imprisonment in the common gaol of the said town for any space of time not exceeding two months; and where the said mayor or justices shall have imposed a fine upon such offender, and there shall not be found sufficient goods of such offender whereupon such fine can be levied, the said mayor, justice or justices, shall and may by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the said offender to the common gaol of the said town, there to remain for auy space of time not exceeding two months; and all such fines as aforesaid shall, when raised or levied, be paid and applied in like manner as the fines hereinbefore mentioned are directed to be paid and applied; and the said clerk of the said court for the time being shall, from time to time, cause a true copy of this clause to be fixed up in the said court or place where the said commissioners shall meet, in some conspicuous part thereof where the persons resorting to the said court may see and read the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action or suit for any debt not amounting to the value of forty shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said court of requests, shall be brought against any person or persons in any other court whatsoever, and concerning which any order, decree, or judgment, shall have been before made or given in the said court of requests; such order, decree, or judg-

to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action of suit; and the registers or books of entry of the said court, or true copies attested under the hand of the clerk of the said court of requests for the time being, and proved by the oath or oaths of one or more credibfe witness or witnesses, shall be deemed legal evidence of the acts and proceedings of the said court of requests; and no suit which shall be commenced in the said court of requests in pursuance of this act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court, but the same shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to any debt for rent, upon any lease or contract, where the title of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, can or may come in question, nor to any debt, matter, or thing, that shall or may arise upon, or in anywise relate to or concern any cause of testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical courts, nor for any debt for any money or thing won at or by means of any horse race, cock match, wager, or any kind of gaming or play, nor for any forfeiture upon any penal statute or by-law, nor to any debt whereof there has not been a contract, acknowledgement, undertaking, or promise, to pay within six years before the taking out the summons, although the same shall be under the value of forty shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, in making oath, or giving evidence in any cause or matter depending in the said court of requests pursuant to this act, shall commit wilful and corrupt perjury, such person or persons, being duly convicted thereof according to law, shall incur and suffer such pains and penalties as any other person or persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury, is, are, or shall be subject and liable to by the laws and statutes of this realm.

The following part of this See. was repealed by 48 Geo. III. c. 109, a 32, post.

2 Geo. Hi. c. 38.

thereof, coing to or from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings, may be punished by Fine or lmpri»>unieuL

Where the Fine cannot be levied, ttie Offender is to be committed.

Application of the said Fines.

Copy of this Clause to be fixed up in the Court.

Action for Debts recoverable in this court are not to be brought in any other.

The Registers of the court, or true Copies thereof, deemed legal Evidence.

Proceedings, Ice. not liable to be removed into a superior court.

Specification of Debts, kc. not recoverable in this Court.

Penalty on wilful aod corrupt Perjury.

Court of Requests.

[Part V.

2 Geo. III. c. 38.

The respective Keepers of the Common Gaol ami House of Correction are to receive and keep in safe Custody, &c. all Persons committed by Order of the court, on Penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 5£. nor less than 40s. to be levied by Distress and Sale, and to be paid and applied as other rinca.

No Attorney to be admitted as au Advocate in a Cause; nor to speak in the court where he is not a Party or Witness on Penalty of 20j£ .; nor to act aa a Commissioner.

Witnesses being duly summoned, refusing to appear and give Evidence, may be fined by the eourt, not exceeding 50a. nor less than 10s. to be levied by Distress and Sale, and paid over to the party injured.

No Wnt may be sued against any Commissioner or Officer of the court, for any thing done in the

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective keepers for the time being of the common gaol or house of correction within the said town shall, and they are hereby required to receive and take into their custody respectively all and every person and persons who shall be committed, or ordered to stand committed, by any three or more of the said commissioners present in court, being the majority of such court, or by virtue of any warrant, attachment, execution, or other process issuing out of the said court of requests; and in case the keeper of the said gaol or house of correction respectively, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his custody any person or persons committed by virtue of this act, or shall, before the expiration of the time for which any person or persons shall be committed to his custody, discharge such person or persons out of his custody, or wilfully suffer such person or persons to go at large, without a warrant or order for that purpose in waiting, signed in court by three or more of the said commissioners (being a majority of the said commissioners present) such keeper respectively offending in either of the said cases, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said town and county, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon his own confession, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, at the discretion of such justice or justices; and such sum shall be immediately paid by the person so offending into the hands of the justice before whom such offender shall be convicted, or, in default thereof, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any be) to such offender, the charges of such distress and sale being thereout first deducted; which forfeiture, when paid or levied, shall be immediately paid and applied iu like manner as the fines hereinbefore mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no attorney of any court of record shall be admitted to appear in the said court of requests as attorney or advocate in behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, or be admitted to speak in any cause or matter before the said court, in which such attorney is not himself a party or witness, under a penalty of twenty pounds, to be levied by distress and sale as above mentioned with respect to keepers of the said gaol or house of correction; nor shall any such attorney act as a commissioner in the said court of requests, auy thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons residing within the said town and county, shall be duly served with a subpoena or summons, to be issued by the clerk of the said court of requests, at a time and place in such subpoena or summons mentioned, to give evidence on behalf of any plaintiff or defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such subpoena or summons, and due proof being made of the service of such subpoena or summons; and no cause of absence being shewn to the satisfaction of the commissioners present at the court to which such persons shall be by such subpoena or summons required to appear, and oath being made before the same commissioners, by the party or parties at whose instance or on whose behalf such subpoena or summons issued, that the person or persons served therewith was or were a material witness or witnesses for such party or parties, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them assembled in such court, and being a majority of them, to impose a fine not exceeding fifty shillings, uor less then five shillings; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hands and seals of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the overplus (if any) to such offender, the charges of such distress and sale being first deducted; which fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the party or parties at whose instance, or on whose behalf, such subpoena or summons issued.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ shall be sued out against, nor any copy of any process at the suit of any person or persons shall be served on any of the said commissioners, or any of the officers of the said court for the time being, for any thing by him or them done in the execution of his or their respective office or offices

Class I.] Court of Requests.

335

until notice in writing of such intended writ or process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual place of his or their abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue, or cause the same to be sued or served, at least one calendar month before the suing out or serving the same; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action which such party hath, or claimeth to have, against such commissioner or officer; on the back of which notice shall be indorsed the name of such attorney or agent, together with the place of his abode, who shall be entitled to have the fee of twenty shillings for the preparing and serving of such notice and no more.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such commissioner or officer, at any time within one calendar month after such notice given as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complaining, or to his attorney or agent; and in case the same shall not be accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him, grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or her action, or in case judgment shall be given for such defendant or defendants, upon demurrer, such defendant shall be entitled to the like costs as he would have been entitled unto in case he bad pleaded the general issue only; and if, upon issue so joined, the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her costs of suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such plaintiff shall recover any verdict against such commissioner or officer, in any case where the action shall be grounded on any act of the defendant, as a commissioner or officer, unless it is proved upon the trial of such action, that such notice was given as aforesaid; but in default thereof, such commissioner or officer shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

2 Geo. III. c. 38.

Execution of their respective Offices, until they shall h ive been first served with due police thereof. Attorney's Fee for xcrving such Notice.

Defendant there, upon may tender Amends; and if the time shall be found sufficient, Verdict to be given for the Defendant; if none or insuf. ficient Ameuds were tendered, Icc. Plaintiff to recover Damages and Costs.

If Notice as aforesaid has not lieen given, Defendant to recover.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case such commissioner or officer shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have tendered insufficient amends before the action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit; whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgments shall be had, made and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plaintiff, on the trial of any such action as aforesaid, of any cause of action, except such as is contained in the notice hereby directed to be given.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the town or county of Kingston-upon-Hull, or in the county of York, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants on such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon; and if it shall happen to be done in pursuance of this act, or that such action or suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited in that behalf, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon verdict or demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble such costs as are usually taxed and allowed between party and party, and have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

Defendant may also pay Money into court, before Issue joined.

No Evidence to be given on the Trial, but what is contained in thp Notice.

Limitation of Actions.

General bne.

Treble Costs.

Public Act

Preamble.

2 Geo. 111.

Court of Requests.

[Part V.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices and other persons whomsoever without the same being specially pleaded.

CommiauoDers.

48 Geo. III. Cap. 109. Royal Assent, 18i!i June, 1808.

An Act to amend and enlarge the powers of an Act passed in the second year of his present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled," An Act for the more easy and speedy recovery " of small debts within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull," which hath been found useful and beneficial, but the same is in some respects defective and insufficient fully to answer the good purposes thereby intended.

II. And whereas it would greatly tend to the improvement and encouragement of trade, and to the necessary support and protection of useful credit within the said town and county, if the powers of the court constituted by the said recited act of parliament were extended to the recovery of debts not exceeding five pounds, and if the number of the commissioners of the said court were enlarged, and if the powers and provisions of the said act were in some other respects altered, amended and enlarged; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much and such parts of the said recited act of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as confine or restrain the cognizance or jurisdiction of the court of requests for the said town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to debts under the value of forty shillings, shall from and after the second Monday next after the passing of this act be and the same aie hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the mayor and aldermen of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull for the time being, together with the following persons, videlicet, John Storm, John Chapman, William Martin, John Ferraby, Robert Simpson, William Shackles, George Spence, John Spence, William Burland, George Chapman, Edward Chapman, William Levett, John Lawson, John Simpson, William Hall, Thomas Waltham, John West, John Briggs, Harrison Briggs, John Hudson, Samuel King, Charles New-bald, Edward Johnson, Thomas Locke, William Horncastle, William Cor-lass, Christopher Bolton, George Coulson, John Newmarch, CaiusThompson, William Smith, John Burstall, Richard Southerne, George Alder, William Todd, Anthony Jones, George Rudston and Thomas Ellison Collinsoo. shall be and they are hereby appointed commissioners for putting the said recited act and this act into execution, and that they the said commissioners now and hereafter to be from time to time elected and appointed, or any three or more of them, shall and may from time to time have full power and authority to hear, examine and determine all such matters of debt as are hereinafter mentioned; and the said commissioners and their successors are hereby constituted a court of justice by the name of " The Court of Requests M for the town, port, and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull; 7 and they the said commissioners or any three or more of them shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said court on the same days and at the same time and place as the same have been heretofore usually held under and by virtue of the said recited act, and that the first court to be held by the said commissioners under this act shall be on the

Class I.]

Court of Requests.

first of the said court days under the said recited act as shall be next in course after the passing of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given by this act or by the said recited act after the passing of this act, until he shall have taken an oath to the effect following (that is to say; )

" I A. B. do swear [or, being one of the persons called quakers, do affirm] " that I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, according to the best 41 of my skill and judgment, hear and determine such matters and things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an act made in the second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled [here set forth the title of that <xc*, ]and of an act passed in the forty-eighth year of the reign of King George the third, intituled, An Act [here set forth the title of this act] or of so much of the same [two acts] as now [are or] is in force, and that without favour or affection, prejudice or malice to any person or persons whomsoever; and also that I am a householder within the jurisdiction of the said court, and that I am possessed of a real estate of the annual value of fifty pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of one thousand pounds, above all charges or incumbrances whatsoever.

So help me God."

Which oath shall be in lieu and stead of the oath mentioned or prescribed in the said recited act, and which said oath hereinbefore mentioned or contained, the clerk of the said court for the time being or his sufficient deputy is hereby empowered and required to administer in open court, and each and every such commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said oath) to sign and subscribe his name upon a roll or rolls of parchment to be provided for that purpose with the said oath written or printed thereon and such roll or rolls shall be carefully kept among the records of the said court.

V. And be it farther enacted. That no person shall be henceforth qualified to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act or of the said recited act, unless he shall at the time of acting be a householder within the jurisdiction of the said court, and possessed of a real estate of the annual value of fifty pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of one thousand pounds, over and above all charges and incumbrances whatsoever; and if any person not being qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, every such person shall for every such offence (over and above any punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt perjury) forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds together with full costs of suit to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt or on the case, by bill, plaint, and information, the proof of which qualification shall be on the defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff or prosecutor to prove that the person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a commissioner in the execution of this act: provided never* the less, that all judgments, orders, decrees, acts, and proceedings of all and every person and persons acting as a commissioner or commissioners in the execution of this act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid previous to his or their being convicted of such offence, shall notwithstanding such conviction be as valid and effectual as if such person or persons had been duly qualified according to the directions of this act.

VI. And for better regulating the sittings of the said court, Be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, shall not hold the said court, or hear or determine any case or cases, cause or causes, by virtue of the said recited act or of this act, but between the taours of three of the clock in the afternoon and eight of the clock in the evening, and nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel the attendance of any plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, witness or witnesses, in the said court, in pursuance of any order or summons issued out of the said court, or by any person or persons whomsoever acting as an officer or officers of the said court, save and except between the said hours of three of the clock in the afternoon and eight of the clock in the evening.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk and serjeant or other officer of the said court nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited

387

48 Geo. III. c. 109.

Commissioner's Oath and Qualification.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Penalty for acting without Qualification.

i of unaa fied Commit, sioners good before Conviction.

For regulating the Sittings of the Court.

Officers appointed by

338

48 Geo. III.

c. 109.

former Act to continue until removed.

Election of new Comm iwi oners and Officers.

Debtors to be summoned before Commissioners, who may make Orders between Parties as they think fit

Debts may be made payable by instalments.

Commissioners to enter their Proceedings in a Book.

Court of Requests. [Part V.

act, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective offices and employ* ments in the same manner as if the said recited act bad not been hereby altered, amended, or enlarged.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the death or refusal or incapacity to act of any of the said commissioners herein named or hereafter to be elected for the carrying this act into execution, or of the death or removal of the present or any future clerk or clerks, serjeant or serjeants, or other officer or officers of the said court, or in case it shall at any time hereafter be found necessary to have any other or additional serjeant or serjeants of the said court, the vacancy or vacancies so to be thereby occasioned shall be from time to time filled up and supplied, and any other or additional serjeant or serjeants so found to be necessary shall be elected and chosen in such manner as by the said recited act is in the event of any such vacancy or vacancies respectively provided for; and such clerk or clerks, serjeant or serjeanU so to be chosen in the room of any clerk or clerks, serjeant or serjeants so dying or being removed as aforesaid, and such other or additional serjeant or serjeants, shall be subject to the like pains and penalties and powers of removal, and to the like rule* and regulations as are expressed and contained in the recited act, and as the present clerk and serjeant or either of them are or is respectively subject to previous to the passing of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons (whether such person or persons shall reside within the jurisdiction of the said court or not) having any debt or debts on the balance of account, or in respect of wages, rent, or arrears of rent or otherwise howsoever (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the value of five pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own right, or in the right of any other person or persons, or as executor or administrator, guardian, assignee, or trustee to any person or persons, or due or owing to him as chamberlain, town clerk, or other officer to auy body corporate, as collector of*any rates or taxes, or as clerk or other officer to any commissioners of taxes, or of any drainage or otherwise, or to any club or friendly society duly associated and constituted by the statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other manner whatsoever, which the said commissioners are by this act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this act, by or from any other person or persons whomsoever inhabiting, residing, or being within the said town of Kingston-upon-Hull or the county of the same town, or keeping and using any house, warehouse, wharf, quay, lodging, shop, shed, stall, or stand, or generally using and frequenting the markets there as a dealer, or seeking a livelihood or sailing or navigating to and from the said port and haven of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid, to apply to the clerk of the said court for the time being or his deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to the serjeant of the said court for the time being a summons in writing under the hand of the said clerk in such form, and to such effect, tenor, and purport, and which shall be forthwith served on such debtor or debtors in the manner prescribed by the said recited act, and as hath been heretofore used and accustomed in respect thereof; and upon due proof made of the service of such summons, the said commissioners present in court (the number of such commissioners present not being less than by this act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due enquiry concerning such demands or plaints, and make such order or orders and decrees therein, and pass such final sentence or judgment thereupon, and award such costs of suit as to them shall seem meet and most agreeable to equity and good conscience, and they are also hereby empowered to order and direct the payment of any such debts to be made either in one sum at once or by instalments at stated periods as they shall see cause and deem just and reasonable.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made fair and regular entries in a book or books to be provided by them for that purpose, of all the judgments, acts, orders, directions, regulations, and proceedings of them the said commissioners, relative to the execution of the several powers and authorities

See 2 Geo III. c. 38, a 2, 15, ptge 328, 331, sate.

389

Class I.] Court of Requests.

vested in them by the said recited act and this act, and also of the 48 Geo. 111. oames of the commissioners who shall be present at their respective meet- c ings; and such entries shall be signed by the chairman of each respective meeting; and such entries when so signed, and such book and books, shall be allowed to be read in evidence, in proof of the proceedings of such court, in all courts whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Commissioners

recited act or in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend not to determine so as to enable the said commissioners to determine the right or title to any l!and

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real estates whatsoever, or to judge, brought

determine, or decide on any debt where the title of the freehold or lease for in qoMtioa. years of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question; nor on any debt for any

sum being the balance of an account or demand originally exceeding five pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any debt that shall arise by reason of the occupation of lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said town and county, or by reason of any cause concerning testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the ecclesiastical court, or for or concerning any agreement by way of composition for or by way of retainer of tythes.

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any debt shall be due or where Debt due owing or demanded from auy two or more persons jointly, by reason or on from Two Per-account of such persons being partners in trade or otherwise jointly con- on wmraoning cerned or liable to pay the same, service of such summons personally on ^sufficient, any one of such partners or persons, and notice thereof left at the last or

usual place or places of abode, warehouse, lodging, shop, shed, stall, stand, or other place of dealing, trading, or working of the other or others of such partners or persons, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such partners or persons, were separately summoned as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any wages or Del»u due to

any other sura or sums of money whatsoever not exceeding the sum of five 1r

pounds, shall be due and owing to any person or persons whomsoever, being recovered, under the age of twenty-one years, it shall and may be lawful for such

person or persons to sue for and recover such debt in the said court, in the same manner as if he, she, or they were of full age; and the said commissioners present in the said court are hereby authorised and required to take cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the same powers in regard thereto as if the plaintiff or plaintiffs were all of full age.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Actions not to be extend or be construed to extend so as to enable any plaintiff to split or P, it j°r 1>.ur divide any cause or action for the recovery of any debt where the whole sum ^fore^'ll* that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the sum of five psunds, Court.

in order that the same may be made the ground of two or more causes or actions, for the purpose of bringing such causes or actions within the jurisdiction of the said court; and in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that any plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her cause or action as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss with costs every such cause or action so split and divided, but such dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such plaintiff from proceeding for the recovery of his or her debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in such other manner as p .

he or she lawfully may: Provided always, that in case any plaintiff or dJuimo plaintiffs shall choose to diminish or reduce his or her cause of action, order to sue in originally exceeding the sum of five pounds, and shall be willing to accept tbit Court, but the sum of five pounds, or such other sum of money as the said court is in and by this act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce, and shall ac- \a fun. cordingly adjudge, decree, and pronounce, to or in favour of such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in full of the whole of his or her demand, in such cause of action so diminished or reduced, then and in every such case the said commissioners shall and may on such plaintiff or plaintiffs proving his, her, or their cause or cases to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, adjudge, decree, and pronounce to him, her, or them, such sums of money not exceeding the sum of fi vc pounds, as to the said commissioners shall seem just and reasonable, in the same manner to all intents and purposes as if the original cause of action

Court of Requests. [Part V.

48 Geo. III. c. 109.

Tima of io* pnsoament of Dcbton limited.

If any Debtor conoml Money or Good% the Time of his Imprisonment shall be enlarged.

Time of Imprisonment to extend to each Execution.

May be superseded.

Process not to imue against the Person and Goods of the same Persons.

bad been for no more than the sum so adjudged, decreed, or pronounced; and such sum shall in the judgment or decree to be pronounced by the said commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full discharge of all demands from the defendant to the said plaintiff in such cause or case so diminished or reduced; and such judgment or decree shall effectually preclude and bar such plaintiff or plaintiffs from suing for or recovering in any court or courts of law or equity the surplus of the debt or debts in any such cause or causes of action.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons whomsoever to be taken in execution upon any judgment under or by virtue of this act, shall be committed to custody by order or process of the said court for auy debt or debts, or kept or continued in custody on any pretence whatsoever (except in the cases hereinafter provided for) for any longer space or spaces of time from the time of his, her, or their commitment to prison than is or are hereinafter limited; (that is to say) where the debt (exclusive of costs) does not exceed the sum of twenty shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in custody for more than twenty days; and where the debt (exclusive of costs) is above twenty shillings and does not exceed forty shillings, then not more than forty days; and where the debt (exclusive of costs) is above forty shillings and does not exceed three pounds, then not more than sixty days; and where the debt (exclusive of costs) is above three pounds and does not exceed four pounds, then not more than eighty days; and where the debt (exclusive of costs) does not exceed five pounds, then not more than one hundred days from the time of his, her, or their commitment; and the gaoler or keeper of the prison to which such person or persons is or are or shall be committed, is hereby directed and required to discharge such persons accordingly.

XVI. And in order the more effectually to prevent persons summoned for debt to the said court from fraudulently concealing money, goods, or effects; Be it therefore enacted, That in case upon the summons of any person for any debt or debts before the said court, information of any such fraudulent concealment rihall be given, and such debt or debts shall be adjudged to be due and execution shall be thereupon awarded, such court shall have power to hear evidence as to the fact of such concealment; and in case it shall be proved to their satisfaction upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said court is hereby empowered to administer) then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court to enlarge the aforesaid times of imprisonment of such debtor to any period in addition thereto, not exceeding three calendar months.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act all and every person and persons who shall be taken in execution under Or by virtue of any process issuing from or out of the said court of requests, and who at the time of being taken into custody or during his, her, or their imprisonment, shall have more than one execution against him, her, or them in the said court, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned the limited time for and in respect of each and every execution (that is to say; ) after the limited time is expired on the first execution the imprisonment shall commence on the second execution, and after the limited time is expired on the second execution the imprisonment shall commence on the third execution, and so until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the limited time for and in respect of each and every separate execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said court preiMMMbhis, her or their being taken In custody or during his, her or theif ^*bnment, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstandiaHH^vided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or excltx^rany such person or persons so charged in execution from being entitled to a supersedeas on the payment of the debt or debts and costs awarded, and of such other fees and charges at are hereby or by the said recited act directed or allowed to be paid, in the same manner as by the said recited act is directed and provided; provided also, that it shall not be lawful to or for the said commissioners to issue any process against the body or bodies of any person or persons in any case or cases where the party entitled to the benefit of any order, judgment, or decree shall at the same time have obtained any warrant or process against the goods and chattels of the same person or persons.

341

XVIII. And as it may happen that persons served with process issuing out of the said court, may in order to avoid execution remove their persons and effects beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of the said court; Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where a final decree or judgment for any sum exceeding ten shillings shall have been obtained in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, upon affidavit made and filed of such decree or judgment being obtained and of diligent search and enquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their goods and chattels, and of the prectpt of execution having issued against his, her, or their person or persons or effects, as the case may be, and that the person or persons, goods and chattels of such defendant or defendants is or are not to be found within the jurisdiction of the said court, which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits, in any of his Majesty's courts of law at Westminster; and it shall and it may be lawful for such superior court to cause the record of the said decree or judgment to be removed into such superior court, and to issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons or effects of the defendant or defendants, in the same manner as upon judgments obtained in the said courts at Westminster; and the sheriff upon every such execution shall and he is hereby authorised to detain the defendant or defendants until the sum of twenty shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said court subsequent to the said decree or judgment, and of the execution in the superior court, over and above the mouey for which such execution shall be issued.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every person imprisoned by virtue of this act, shall on the expiration of his or her time of imprisonment be discharged and set at liberty, without paying any sum or sums of money, fee or fees, or other reward or gratuity whatsoever to the keeper or keepers, or turnkey or turnkeys of the said prison, or others, by way of gaol fees or discharge fees or on any other pretence whatsoever; and if any keeper or keepers, turnkey or turnkeys of the said prison, or any other persons whatsoever shall demand, take, or receive any fee or fees, sum or sums of money whatsoever upon the discharge of any person or persons so committed to his or their charge or custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such person or persons a prisoner or prisoners after the time by this act limited for his, her, or their imprisonment; and that every such keeper, turnkey, and other person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and such offence shall be heard and determined, and such and the like penalty shall be imposed and be recovered, in the same manner as in such and the like cases is prescribed aod directed in and by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled," An Act for regulating the time of the imprisonment of debtors " imprisoned by process from courts instituted for the recovery of small " debts, for abolishing the claim of fees of gaolers and others in the cases of " such imprisonment, and for ascertaining the qualifications of the commissioners."

48 Geo. HI. c. 109.

Debtors absconding or removing Goods to avoid Execution, may be taken in Execution on ProccM from the superior Courts

Debtors not liable to p*y Gaol Fees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several fees and sums of money hereinafter limited and expressed and no other shall be taken by the clerk nerk atd

and serjeant or other officer of the said court of requests for the time being,

for their several and respective services in the execution of the said recited act and of this act, in lieu and stead of the fees and sums of money limited and expressed in the said recited act (that is to say; )

48 Geo. III. c. 109.

Table of Fte*.

CLERK'S FEES.

Entering every cause ........

Issuing every summons ........

For calling the plaintiff and defendantT>e-fore the court and entering appearance. Issuing every subpaena for the attendance of not more than two witnesses .

For a nonsuit on the plaintiffs not appearing ......

For every hearing ......

Entering and drawing up every order .

Paying money in full into court, and entering the same in his book.......

Paying money by instalments .... Issuing every attachment, precept, order,

or execution ......

Acknowledging satisfaction in part or in full For every search in the book ....

Swearing every witness........

For every supersedeas of a debtor Charged

in execution ......

For every warrant of commitment for an insult or misbehaviour in the court, or to the commissioner's clerk or other

officer of the court . .......

For recovering money out of court .

SERJEANT'S FEES.

For the service of every summons, order,

or Bubpsna, in the town.......

If out of the town, for every mile extra For the execution of every warrant, precept, or attachment against the goods or body

in the town ......

If out of the town, for every mile extra . If an assistant serjeant be necessary in the judgment of the commissioners, then for

the assistant in the town......

If out of the town, for every mile extra .

On Debts not exceeding Ten Shillings. On Debts above ten, Shillings and not exceeding Forly Shillings. On Debts above forty Shillings and not exrccding Five Pounds.

S. d. s. d. s. d.

0 3 1 0 1 6

0 6 1 0 1 6

0 3 0 3 0 6

0 6 1 0 1 6

0 6 1 0 2 0

0 6 1 0 1 6

0 6 0 9 I C

0 6 0 9 1 6

0 6 0 9 1 0

1 0 1 6 2 6

0 6 0 6 1 0

0 2 0 3 0 6

0 3 0 4 0 6

0 9 1 0 2 0

1 0

0 3 0 6 1 0

0 3 0 6 0 9

0 2 0 3 0 3

0 6 1 0 2 0

0 2 0 3 0 3

0 4 0 8 1 0

0 2 0 3 0 3

Table of Fees to be hung up in the Court.

Penalty on taking other Feta.

A table of which said fees shall be hung up by the clerk of the said court in some public and conspicuous part of the court house or other place where the said commissioners shall meet for the purposes aforesaid, to the end that all persons concerned may at all times see and read over the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said clerk of the said court for the time being, or his deputy or serjeant of the said court for the time being, or any of them, shall knowingly take or demand any greater or other fees than as herein mentioned, upon complaint and due proof thereof upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses made in open court, the said commissioners or any three or more of them, being a majority of the said court, shall and are hereby required and empowered from time to time to punish such offender by fine not exceeding twenty pounds for one offence, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, Tty warrant under the hands and seals of the said commissioners or any three or more of them, rendering the overplus (if any) after the charges of such distress and sale are deducted; which fine

Class I.]

Court of Requests.

and fines when recovered shall be paid to the treasurer or treasurers for the time being of the governor, assistants, and guardians of the poor of King-ston-upon-Hull aforesaid, for and towards the maintenance of such poor as shall or may be chargeable to the said town.

XXII. And whereas by the said recited act it is (amongst other things) enacted, That no suit which shall have been commenced in the said court of requests in pursuance of the said recited act, nor any proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior court; Be it therefore enacted. That the said provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed and declared null and void.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited act and of this act or either of them, or on account of any order, determination, judgment, or decree of any of the said commissioners, until twenty-one days notice thereof shall be given in writing, to be left at the office of the clerk of the said court, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parlies aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the cause of action shall arise; and the defendant or defendants in such action and suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or if a verdict or judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then and in either of the said cases such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs in any cases by law.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That the said recited act, and all powers, provisoes, clauses, matters and things therein respectively contained, shall so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed or otherwise provided for, and are not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this act, continue and be and the same are hereby declared to be in fall force, and shall extend and be construed to extend to all and every person or persons to whom this act doth or shall extend, in the same manner as if the same were herein contained and expressed.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

345

48 Geo. 111. c. 109.

Repealing certain Restrictions in the said Act.

Limitation of Actions against the Commie, sioners. Ac. acting under this Act

May plead the General Issue.

If Plaintiff non-suited or Verdict for Defendant Treble Costa.

Recited Act except where hereby repealed or otherwise provided for extended to this Act

---

THE END.

[Index removed.]

