A.D. 1775^ Anno decimo quinto Georgii

C. 42 321

Land T*r,

be made, on the fame A&, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges

thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be referred in the

Exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the fame; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, either

by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one

lhouJ<and jeven hundred and/evenly-five, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted,

as Chall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to be made, on the fame Act, and

all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby, for raising

the said Land Tax, {hall be satisfied, or Money sufficient {hall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and

discharge the fame; and also the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, granted by

one other A& of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand J'even hundred and Jcventy five; and also all the

Monies coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for a Lottery, granted by one other A& of this Sef-

lion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Sum of one million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds

per Centum Annuities, in the Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for cflabhjbing a Lottery; and

also the said Sum of eight hundred ninety-five thousand six hundred eighty>iix Pounds thirteen Shillings

and* Ten-pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the fifth Day of Aprils one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then

arifcR of the Surplusses, ExceUes, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund corn-

manly called The Sinking Fund', and also such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Ex-

chequer after the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and on or before the

fifth Day of ApriL one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, of the Produce of the Duties charged by

two Act made in the fifth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and

Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the said Sum of ten thousand nine hundred seventy-

six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies

arisen by the Duties on Rice exported; the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars,

granted by an*A& of the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; the Monies paid by the Receivers

General of the several Counties which have not raised the Militia; and also of such imprest Monies as

remain there for the Disposition of Parliament; and also the further Sum of one million nine hundred and

fifteen thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and* Eleven-pence three Farthings, by this

Act granted, out of such Monies as {hall or may arise of the Surplusses, Exceflfes, or Overplus M onies,

and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, {hall be further appropriated,

and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes

hereafter expressed, together with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken

before the Declaration of the late War, which his Majesty declared in a most gracious Speech to his Par-

liament, that he had directed-, for the Ease of his Subjects, to he applied to the publick Service; and also

Inch Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty, according to his most gracious Intentions, expressed in the

fame Speech, shall direct, for the further Ease of his Subjects, to be also applied to the publiclc Service,

out of the Monies which have arisen, or {hall arise, by the Sale of Lands belonging to his Majesty in the

Islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to his Majesty by the late Treaty of Peace- Militia - and the

Imprest Monies remaining for the Disposition of Parliament; and 1,915,551!. 16*. 11 d. 3q. by thi» AO granted, out of the ErrefTei, Arc. composing the

Sinking Fund; together with the Money arising from the Sale of French Prises taken before the Declaration of War; and also loch Sums of Money as hi*

Majesty fha.ll direct to be applied to the publick Service, which shall arise by the Sale of the ceded islands in the West Indies.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies provided as aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding One million six hundred seventy-eight thousand and fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and Ten-

pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein particularly expressed; (that is to say,) For or towards

Victuals* Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Visual ling thereof, performed, and to be per-

formed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed, and to be performed ;

and for or towards defraying the Ordinary *of his Majesty’s Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea and Marine

Officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand seven hundred and seventy-four Marines; and

towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in his Majesty’s Yards, and other extra

Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary,

for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies aforesaid, there {hall and may be iflired and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fix

thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners, or Governors of the Royal Hospital'

for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Ser-

vice of their Country, who {hall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

plies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two

luindred twenty-eight thousand and fifty-nine Pounds one Shilling and Seven-pence, for the Charge of the

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there {hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

thirty-two thousand seven hundred forty-eight Pounds five Shillings and Three-pence, for defraying the

Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by

Parliament in one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or

Supplies aforesaid, there {hail and may be mued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

Voi.XII. Tt one

Loans,

Lottery,

and 895,6861.

13s. 10 d, iq,

remaining in the

Exchequer on

AP'il 5* '77Sf

far the Dispofi-

t;on of Parlia-

ment; and such

Monies as shall

be paid into the

Exchequer be-

tween April- 5,

1775, anJ April

5, 1776, of the

Froduc: of the

Duties on Gum

Senega and Gum

Arabic; and

10,976]. 18 s.

a d. of the Mo-

nies on Rice ex-

ported , and Du*

ties on Apple*

imported, and

on Cambricks

and Sugars, by

Act 6 Geo. 111. g

the Monies paid

by Counties who

have not raised

Not exceeding

'>678,059 1.

15s. rod. to be

itiued out of the

Supplies to-

wards NavalSer-

60001. to the

Royal Hospital

for Seamen at

Greenwich, fte,§

2*8,0591. vt.

7 d. Charges of

the Office of

Ordnance ;

32,7481. 3^.

for Charges of

the Office of

Ordnance not

provided for in

*774>

1,582,0511. 9*.

9 d, 3q. towards

the Land Forces)

