320

C. 42. Anno decimo qumto Georgii III* A. D. 1775.

* and granting'to his Majesty certain Duties, upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year

one thousand jeven hundred and seventy-five, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be

made in pursuance of the said Act.

All Advantages VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

thd ,Jf ^owers> Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last-men-

thfs SeOion, re- Ad, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Act (except such

lating to Loans Clauses as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the

or Exchequer Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be

Bills thereby au- applied and Extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually,

ma^olth^ei- to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorisea by the said lait-

tended ” mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and rc-enacted

ai\. in the Body of this present Act.

The said Exche- IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which {hall be made

quer Bill*, in- in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to or attending the

teres*,an<iChtr- fanac> shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of

paid out of -the t^ie growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Exdefles, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing

Sinking Fund, the Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said-Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use

or Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) 5 and such Monies of the said

Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regularly ftatefl and afeer-

tained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and dischargine such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Pre-

*mium, Rate, or'Charges, until the Whole of them {hall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money

Sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respec-

tive Proprietors thereof.

Ihnk tuthorifed x. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it {hall and may be lawful

Ma/X^he Sum *or Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Manner,

of11,915,55*1. at *he Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of

16nd. 3q* Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand five

notwithstanding hundred fifty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and Eleven-pence three Farthings, any Thing in an Act made

* 6 GuJ* V1 fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An At1 for grant*

nx‘ ing to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and

other Liquors, for feewring certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Ail mentioned to such Per Cons as shall

voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against

The Sony of Prance, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

*895,6861. ig«. XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sum of eight hundred ninety-five

. 1 od*, iq. Sur- thousand six hundred'and eighty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and Ten-pence Farthing, remaining in the

phis of the sink. Receipt of the Exchequer oa the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the

ing Fond in the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus

April*?”™*?. Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund \ and also such of

■nd such Monies the Monies as shall be paid into the Receiot of the Exchequer after the fifth Day of April, one thousand

as ftaii be paid seven hundred and seventy-fiye, and on or before the fifth Day of Abril, one thousand seven hundred and

into the Exche- seventy-six, of the Produce of the Duties charged by two Acts, made in the fifth and fourteenth Years of

quer between hj8 present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and

an^ Apr'ii <,75* a^° the Sum of ten thousand nine hundred and seventy-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and Two pence,

1776, of the remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the

produce of the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an A St of the sixth Year of his

Duties on Gum p;efent Majesty’s Reign; the Monies paid by the Receivers General of the several Counties which have

Ar" Me; 0>ni no* raiftd the Militia; and also of such imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament;

»10,976!. is*, Q*all al*d roay be issued and applied at the said Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for and towards making

.ad. remaining good the said Supply; and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or

in the Exche- any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are oris hereby authorisea and

tic^of^Rice^x” inopowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

ported, and Apples imported, Cambricks and Sugar*, granted by 6 Geo. III. j and Monies paid by Counties who have not raHed Militia j and of the imprest

Monies remaining for the Disposition of Parliament.

15,000!. for

supporting the

necessary Ex-

. peaces of Forces

in America, No-

va Scotia, New-

foundland, and

the cededlflands,

out of the Mo-

nies to be paid

into the Exche.

quer on April 5,

,7?6,

Appropriation of

the Supplies,

The Monies a*

rising by the

Malt Tax,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand

Pounds, out of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and that shall be paid in there on

or before the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, of the Produce of all or any

of the Duties and Revenues which by any Act or Acts of Parliament have beendirected to be reserved for

the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and

securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of

the Supply as hath been granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the

Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland., and the

ceded Blands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five: And the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for

the Time being, are or is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies coming

into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Adb of this Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thoufandJeven hundred and seventy-five, and so much Money, if any such be,

of the Duties thereby granted, as {hall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made, or to

5 be

