388 C. 64.

Anno decimo qtrinto Georgii III. A.D. 177$.

Commissioneri

impowered to

sntke Rules, &c.

for regulating

the Practice of

tbg Court}

and to admiiu*

Her Oaths.

Commissionerf,

©n Non appear^

ance of Defend*

ant, may pro-

ceed to hear the

Plaintiff, Sec,

And on Non*

appearance- Of

Nonsuit of

Plaintiff, may

award Colts.

Gommissioners

may award Exe-

cution a gain It

the Body or

Gcots of any

Person liable to

Payments 3

who may be

committed for 3

Mon hs, or ii.1

Order, Sec. is

obeyed.

Hew Servant

may proceed if

the Parry ab-

fcond. Scc.

When Debts are

to be p.^id at fe-

deral Times,

t® be served, on such Debtor or Debtors, either person ally, or by leaving the fame at the Dvvelling-house

or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of such

Debtor or Debtors within the Hundred aforesaid;' and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such. Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue

of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give fuchr final Sen-

tence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein* as to them shall

seem most just and equitable.

‘ X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendeting this Act effectual

4 for the Purposes thereof,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commiflfoners for the Time

being, or any five or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners assembled in Court as aforesaid,

shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall

fee Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the better regulating.the Prac-

tice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they

shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lefl’en, abridge, or alter the Fees herein after allowed

by this Act to be taken by the respective Clerks and Serjeants or Officers of the said Courts for the Time

being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with che true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only; according

to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear

and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought

before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning

the fame, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Continence.

4 XI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the

4 causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,’ be it further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an

Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness

or Witnesses as shall be produced by cither Party, and also to the Officers of the'Court, and to any Person

or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them af*

sembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who

shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause, to be allowed by the said

Court, refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court?t the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof

being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear

the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment

therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return of the

Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not

appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of the

said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of

Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafe where-the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Exe-

cution, either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree

shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of either of the said Courts,

at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand

and Seal, to the Serjeant of either of the said Courts, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the

Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is and are

hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party

or Parties, being within the Hundred aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, to some Common Gaol,

or House of Correction, within the said County of Lincoln, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall

perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon

any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Months: And such Serjeant, by virtue of

any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may,

and is and are hereby impowered to levy, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within

the Hundred aforesaid. such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed:

And if the Party against whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall

issue thereupon, shall, by abfeondin^, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any

other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof^made to them by

the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, A their Discretion,

to award Execution, either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue

thereupon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at

whose Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and fati fied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the

Defendant

