57°

Partner or Sure-

iiai.

Gaoler making

false Eniriet in

Prison Book or

Lift, to forfeit

cool* with

Treble Cost*.

Prisoner refu*

4ng to declare

the Abode, 8cc.

of the Person at

vrhofe Suit he it

detained, &c.

to be excluded

the Benefit of

thia A&,

Justicet may af-

fembfe at or

wear any Coun-

ty Gaol, and

kold a Session

there for Dif-

charge of Pri-

toners.

Justices for the

County of Sur-

rey may aficm-

hle at the

Town-hall of

Southwark for.

administering

Oaths, 8cc.

Prisoners who

are kept in Cuf-

tody for Pay-

ment of Fees,

Arc. to be dif-

charged.

This A& not to

extend to Debt*

rs to the

Crown j

nor to Prisoners

who owe more

than i coo 1. to

one Person, un-

less such Credi-

for coi.sent i

Exception.

C. 38. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. Ai Di 1776.

Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood bound, engaged

with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in any Con-

tract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or Demand; but

every such other Person and Persons shall severally stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such

Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contrafts, in like Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fugitive had

never been discharged from the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of

any Prison or Prisons, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging

to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause

to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be

made therein; or shall insert in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Per-

son or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon the

said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or shall not have ever

since remained in such actual Custody (except as hi the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed

Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the

Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for

the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which Pe-

nalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at IVeJimirt/ier, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Im-

parlance, shall be allowed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor, shall

refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation, or last Place of Abode, of the Per-

son or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or being called for and desired,

by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be con-

fined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner, upon Proof

being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjourn-

ment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under thia

Act 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 XLVI. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of

1 York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties are each of them divided intofeveral Ridings

c or Divisions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Gaols be

4 obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session of each Riding or Division, the

4 fame will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in those large Coun-

4 ties be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more

Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties (or any other County

or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held), at the Com-

mon or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby

required to assemble and meet, and to hold Session there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter

Session, from Time to Time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the

Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

4 X-LVII. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Cohnty of Surrey, which

4‘ shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the County, and upwards of twenty Miles from any

*■ of the said Prisonsbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the

County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn

the said Session to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the

Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County

wherein any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such respective Prisoner or Prisoners

confined therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors and others, who were in

Prison on or before the said twenty-second Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, or

since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees, Rents, or

other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or to any

other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they,

taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act

shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or her Dif-

charge under this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (be shall stand charged at the

Suit of the Crown, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into

for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment relative to his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or either of them.

L. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or

her Discharge under this Act, who shall be charged by any Body Politic or Corporate, or by any one

Person, on or before the said twenty-second Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six,

in any Sum exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, besides Interest and Costs, and whose Discharge

shall be in Court opposed by such Body Politic or Corporate, or one Person (except such Person or Per-

fons who shall have been bound in Securityjor any other Person or Persons to a larger Amount, and it

shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that such Person or Persons so bound, or giving, or joining

in, such Security, hath or have not received or applied to his, her, or their own proper and separate Use

9S

