49$

Sobfcribers to

have a Vote t

for each Shir<%

either in Person

or by Proxy.

General Afftm*

blie* to be held

Twice in e?ery

Year.

A Committee to

be chosen.

A special Meet*

ing may be held,

after ten Days

Notice*

Coromitteefob-

jett to Controul

of General Af-.

fcmbljr, Ac*

FrorUb*

Bookrof Ac-

count to be

kept, Ac.

General Aflem-

bliea to consist

of soo Shares*

Poorer of Gene-

ral Adcrnhliet

and Committeei,

C. 2#. Anno decimo sexto Georgij lit. A.D. 1776.

virtue of this Act, be intitled to one or more Shares in the said Navigation, shall respectively have a Vote,

in every public Meeting or Assembly to be held as hereafter appointed for carrying on the said Under-

taking, for every such Share, all which Votes may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their

Proxy or Proxies, duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Se als ; and such

Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal or

Principals had voted in Person 5 and whatever Question, Election of Officers, or other Matters or Things,

shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered, in any public Assembly, to be held by virtue of this Act,

shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes or Proxies then present; computing one Vote for

every Share: Provided, that no one Person shall give or deliver more Proxies than for hve absent Pro-

prietors.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first General Assembly or

Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be held at the Talbot Inn in Stourbridge aforesaid, upon

the first Day,of June next; and the (econd General Meeting shall be held upon the first Day of January

next ensuing, at such Place as the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them, at their said first Meeting

shall appoint; and all other such General Assemblies or Meetings shall be held on the first Monday in the

Month of January, and the first Monday in the Month of July* in every Year* at the Hour of Eleven of the

Clock in the Forenoon 5 at which said first Meeting the Proprietors then present, either by themselves or

their Proxies, shall chuse fifteen Persons, who shall, at that Time, be each of them Proprietors of not less

than two Shares in the said Navigation * which Persons so chosen shall be a Committee to manage the

Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; ana any five or more of them shall (in Default of a larger

Number meeting) have Power to act as a Committee for the Purposes aforesaid: But if> at any Timerit

shall appear to any fifteen or morp of such,Proprietors, that for. the more effectually patting thrsAftin

Execution, a special Meeting of Proprietors. is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for such fifteen or-

more of them, to cause Notice to be given thereof in thi Birmingham and Worcester Newspapers, or m

such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall, at any General

Meeting, direct or appoint; declaring in such Notices the Time and Place of such Meeting, f the fame

not being left than ten Days after such .Notice given) and likewise specifying in every such Notice the

Reason and Intention of such Meetings respectively $ and the Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet

pursuant to such Notices, and to proceed in the Execution of the Powers by.this Act given them with

respect to the Matters so specified only; and^U such Acts iof the Proprietors, or the major Part of them,

at such Meetings assembled, such Proprietors having, either as Principals or Proxies, not less than one

hundred Shares in the said Navigation, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame’were

done at General Meetings held in Manner herein before appointed.

XXXIX. Provided always, That such Committees so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to

Time be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General Assembly, or other Meetings of

the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and

about the Premises, as they shall from Time to Time receive from the said Proprietors, at any such Ge-

neral Assembly or other Meetings ; such Orders and Directions not being: contrary to the Directions or

Provisions contained in this Act.

XL. Provided also, That no Person or Perfogs holding any Place, Office, or Employment, under the

said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall be capable of being chosen to; serve upon

Committees, during the Time of his, her, or their Continuance in such Office, Place, or Employment.

XLLt And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That proper Books of Account^ relating

to the said Undertaking or Navigation, shall be kept; and that all such Books, in which such Accounts

shall be stated and settled, and all other Matters relating thereunto, shall be deposited and locked up in a

CJjeft or Box, Chests or Boxes, to be kept at such Place or Places, and by such Person or Persons, as the

said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall from Time to Time direct; and any of

the Proprietors shall have, free Access to such Books, for his, her, or their Inspection.

XLII. Provided always. That if at any such General Assembly there shall not be Persons present, who

have one hundreajfucluohares as aforesaid, either as Principals or Proxies, no Choice of a Committee shall

be. made at that Time, but in such Cafe there shall be a new Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Na-

vigation at the same Place, upon that Day three Weeks, at which Time Choice shall be made of Persons

to.be of the Committee; and the Persons then chosen to be of the said Committee, shall have the fame

Powers, and continue in Office until such Time,' as if they had been chosen at the said first General

Assembly; and that in case of Failure of the Meeting of Persons having one hundred Votes as Principals

or Proxies, at such first General Afiemoly, every one of the Proprietors who shall not be present at such

second Meeting, by him or herself, or his or her Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors,

for every such Share which he or she shall then have in the said Navigation and Undertaking, the Sum».

of five Shillings, to be deducted and retained out of his or lifer next Dividend of the Profits of the said

Undertaking.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such General Assembly shall

haye Power to call for, audit, and settle, all Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed on Account of the

said Navigation, with the Receiver or Receivers, and other Officer or Officers to be by them appointed,

or any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by or concerned for orunder them, in and about ^he

said Navigation ; and for that Purpose shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and

from Place to Place, as they shall think convenient; and every General Assembly, or such Committee,

met together by the Authority of this Act, shall have Power from Time to Time* to make such Call or

Calls of Money from the said Proprietors, to defray the Expences of carrying on the said Navigation, as

they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes; so that no Call do exceed

the Sum of ten Pounds upon each Sharej and so as no Calls be made within the Space of two Months

from

