THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Sexto.

% AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno

% f-\ Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

* d \ our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

* and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fafr.

* And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-sixth Day of October one thousand

* seven hundred and seventy-five ; being the second Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Y ear one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. III.

An Act to enable his Majesty for a limited Time to call out and assemble the Militia in all

Cafes of Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto

belonging; and to summon’the Parliament in the Cafes and Manner therein mentioned.

* 11/ HERE AS by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled,

€ V V An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament the several Laws now in being, re-

€ latingto the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England); it is,

c amongst other Things, enacted, That in case of actual Invaflon, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or

€_ in case of Rebellion, it may and {hall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (the Occasion

* being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council,

c and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting, or in being), to order and direct his

€ or their Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants therein mentioned, with all convenient Speed, to draw out

c and embody all the Regiments and Battalions of Militia of their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places,

* or so many of them as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall judge necessary, in such Manner as

4 shall be best adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to direct them to be employed in such

4 Manner as is therein more particularly mentioned : And whereas it might be of great public Utility,

4 that the Militia of this Kingdom should be drawn out, embodied, and employed as aforesaid, upon Oc-

4 casion of the present Rebellion in America, or of any Rebellion that may hereafter anse in any of the

4 Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, that his Majesty may be the better enabled to employ his

4 other Forces for the suppressing of such Rebellion, and at the same time to provide for the Defence of

4 these Kingdoms;9 be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same. That in all Cafes of Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain,

or any of the Territories or Dominions thereunto belonging (the Occasion being first communicated, de-

clared, and notified, as in the said Act is provided), it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, to order and direct all the Regiments and Battalions of Militia, of the respective Counties

or Places in this Kingdom, or so many of them as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall judge ne-

ceflary, to be drawn out, embodied, led, and employed, in any Parts of this Kingdom, in such Manner

and upon the like Terms, Conditions, and Regulations, to all Purposes and Effects whatsoever, as in the

said Act are provided in the Cafes therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if at any Time (in case of any

Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, of any of the Territories or Dominions thereunto belong-

ing) the Parliament shall happen to be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation, as will not expire

Vol. XII. Part III. 3 K within

Prr amble.

Aa * Ceo. HI.

recited.

His Majesty, AC.

in case of Re-

bellion,may em«

body the Mill*

tiaj

and assemble the

Parliament, on

giving 14 Daye

Notice,

Dig ' by

