A.D. 1774. Anno decimo quarto Georgii III. C. 71. 131

or Ireland, or by any Receiver Grncral, or any other Officer of his Majesty's Revenues there, and such

Officer shall make wilful Default in the Performance thereof, by which any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall be grieved, or suffer any Loss or Damage; then, and in every such Cafe, the Officer or Officers

making such Default shall be liable, by virtue of this Act, to answer and pay double Damages to the Party

fcrieved or injured; nnd that all Penalties and Forfeitures arising by this Act, in all Cafes where no special

Remedy is before appointed for Recovery thereof, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Great Britain or Ireland respectively,

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or. more than one Imparlance, shall be granted.

double Damages

fro® Defaulter».

Forfehire* re-

coverib:c l*v

Action of Debt.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton,

Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

IT7 HEREAS the Exportation of the several Tools or Utensils made use of in preparing, working

up, and finishing, the Cotton and Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, or any or either of them,

4 or any other Goods wherein Cotton and Linen, or either of them, are used, will enable Foreigners to

4 work up such Manufactures, and thereby greatly diminish the Exportation of the fame from this King-

4 dotn ;* Therefore, for preserving as much as poilible to his Majesty’s British Subjects the Benefits arising

from those great and valuable Branches of Trade and Commerce, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after the first

Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, any Person or Persons, in Great Britain or

Ireland* shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, load or put on board, or cause to be laden or put on board,

of any Ship, Vessel, or Boar, which shall not be bound directly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or

Ireland, any such Tools or Utensils as are commonly used in, or arc proper for the preparing, working up,

or fmifihing, of the Cotton or Linen Manufactures, or any or either of them, or any other Goods wherein

Cotton and Linen, or either of them, are used, or any Parts or Parcels of such Tools or Utensils, by what

Name or Names the fame shall or may be called or known; the Person or Persons so offending shall, for

every such Offence, not only forfeit and lose all such 'Fools and Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, which

shall be so laden or put on board as aforesaid, but also the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of

Great Britain; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster* or in the Court of Session in Scotland, or in any of the four Courts of

Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or

more than one Imparlance.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of

July, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, and for

any Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, to seize and secure, in some or one of his Majesty’s Warehouses, all

such 'Fools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, by this Act prohibited to be exported, as such Officer

iball find or discover to be laid or put on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall not be bound

directly to some Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, and that every Officer who shall seize and secure

any of the said Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, shall be fully and absolutely indemnified for

so doing; and all Tools and Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall,

after Condemnation thereof in due Course of Law, be publickly sold to the best Bidder, and one Moiety of

the Produce arising by the Sale of such T00I6 and Utensils shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall seize and secure the fame as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

July, if the Captain or Master of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall knowingly

permit any Tools or Utensils, by this Act prohibited to be exported as aforesaid, to be put on board his said

Ship, Vessel, or Boat, every such Captain or Master shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two

hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; to be sued for and recovered in such Manner as the

Penalties by this Act upon Persons exporting the said Tools and Utensils are to be sued for and recovered:

And if the fiid Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belongs to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, then the Captain or

Master thereof shall not only forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered as afore-

said, but shall also forfeit his Employment, and be incapable of any Office or Employment under his Ma-

jelty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Customer, Comptroller, Sur-

veyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or any Officer of the Revenue

in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly suffer to be taken, any Entry outward, or shall sign any

Cocket, Warrant, or Sufferance, for the shipping or exporting of any of the said Tools or Utensils by

this Act prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the fame to be done,

directly or indirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Customer, Comp-

troller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs of Great Britain, or Officer of the

Revenue in Ireland, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money

of Great Britain, to be sued for and recovered, as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be incapa-

ble of holding any Office or Employment under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and after

the said first Day ot July, shall collect, obtain, or have, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any

such Took or Implements as aforesaid, or any Tools or Implements used in the Woollen or Silk Manu-

S z failures

Preamble.

After JJy f,

1774, Persons

shipping Tools

or Utensils d

in the Cotton

or Linen Manu-

fadlorn, in or.

der totiport the

fame,

to forfeitall such

To-)J», See. and

200I.

Officer* of Cuf.

toms to seize all

Tool*, See. on

board such Vef*

lets;

which miv b«

publickly fold j

One Moiety to

his Majesty, and

the other to the

Officer.

Master of a Ship

permitting such

Tools or Utrn-

fils to be export*

cd,forfeits acol

and if the Ship

belong* to his

M;j:fty, the

Captain foTfeiti

200 k and his

Commission.

Officer of C’j£»

toms allowing

an Entry out-

ward of such

prohibited U;en«

flit, to forfeit

leo 1. and his

Office.

Anv Person col-

ledting such

Tools or

meats, in ofdet

