4&6 C.^23^

Anno decnno sexto Cxonon ill.

A. D. 1776,

Pilot!, tbcm^h

rtfuf-d to be.

t..Jcen on bo»rd,

to be . p« id their

usual Fee.

Master to give

the Pilot true

Draught of

Ship, &c.

on Penalty of

40 a.

Manner of -Pro-

ceeding *n case

Pilot kfpeftthe

MaAtr’i Ac-

ooatk.

Disputet to be

settled by the

Mayor, &c.

Pilotage of Ships

outward bound

to be secured, or

pilot may refute

to take the

Charge,

On Nonpay.

ment of Pilots

Rates, the

Mayor, See. may

Mraa,

Penalty for

heating Pitch,

See. on Board

any Ship in the

Port, or the

Limits thereof.

of ftkedt, aft at * PHot or Pilots within the find (Port, Ihe or they ifliall, os often as he or they shall a fit as

a Pilot or Pilots within the said Port as aforesaid, be subject to the Penalty inflicted by this Act on un-

Uceofed Perfens aiding as Pilots.

XIV* And betft farther traded, That inenfe she Mtfteror CocniQBndcrKif any Ship, Veflfcl, 6r Barg*

either inward or -oiftwtmJ bound, ihaH refute to take on Board and employ a Pilot to be appointed and

Kcensed os aforesaid, who shall offer his Service, such Matter or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid

the fall Pilotage according to the several Rates and Prices herein before directed to be paid, as if the said

Pilot had feet* received and employed 4n conducing or piloting inch Ship, Vessel, or Barge, into or oat

of the fetid Port.

KV. And :be it farther ewafted, That the Matter <or Commander of every Ship, Veffd, or Barge, so to

be’piloted or conduced into the said Port, shall, and is hereby required to declare and give a true Account

to the Pilot ‘employed in <ond a ftingm-piloting, or offering to conduct or pilot such Ship, Vessel, or Barge,

of the Draught of Water such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, shall then *draw ; and in case such Matter or

Cotimiander mall rCforfe so to do, or maHgivean untrue Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship,

Vessel, or Barge, then be^lbalf forfeit, for every such Refusal opuntrve Account so by him given, the Sum

of Forty Shillings; and further, m case df fock Refusal, or if the Pilot so employed or offering to be em-

ployed shall firipoft the Truth of the Declaration or Account given, then such Pilot shall be and he is

'hereby mrthorifed to mark fodh Ship, Vessel, or Barge, on ber Arrival, and when unloaded to lay her on

Shore in (ome proper and convenient Place within the said Port, and there to admeaftire or cause to be

'Sdmeaftirsd the said Ship, Vessel, or Barge, hi order to find the true Draught of Water (he drew on her

said Arrival; the Expence Whereof, ’inoafoof such Rdfufal, or if upon such Admeasurement it shall ap-

tpear that the said Decforatiom or Aeeotfrft (brill betmtrae, (hallbepatd by fudh Matter or Commander; btrt

vn case the find Declaration or Aecoifnt shall upon such Admeasurement appear to be true, then the said

Expenses ttiall be paid by the Oolleftor to !be appointed by virtue of this Act out of the Money in his

Hands-orlfing from the Races herein beforetibefted to he paid for Pilotage; and if any Disputemall arise

-between the said Matter* "Commander and Pilot, concerning the Expence of laying the said Ship, Vessel,

<or Barge, on Shore, and admeifuring her as aforesaid, then the fame shall be settled and ascertained by the

Mayor-of-the said Borough-for the Time being, -or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace far

the said Borough; and the said Expences, if refused to be paid by such Matter or Commander, m case he

shall be liableTo -pay the feme, ttidll be levied and recovered, with all Charges attending such Levying and

Recovery, hi the same Manner, and by the Tame Meaaw, as are herein after given and directed for the

^Levying and Recovery of the Pilotage !by this Act directed to be paid; and rn case the Pilot shall be liable

<to pay the dame, the said Expences shall, #f teffiffed to he paid by such Pilot, be levied and recovered,

with-all Charges attending fufti ‘Levying and Recovery, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Pilot,

rn such Manner Os other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be levied and recovered by this Act.

•XVI. And be It further enacted. That if any of the Pilots, so to be appointed and licensed as afore-

laid, shall beTecjuefted ly>tWe,Maffter, ‘Commander, Owner, Agent, or Cortfignee, of any Ship, Vessel,

-or Barge, outward bound, to rake'tbeGhargeof Conduct of such Ship, Vessel, or Barge, it shall and may

be lawful to Oind5 for such Pilot, 'previous to his taking fifCh ’Charge orConduft, to demand a sufficient

Security from such Matter, Commander, 'Owner, Agent, or Comfigqee, for the Payment of such Pilotage

-outward, according “to the Rates or Prices herein beforedlrefted to be paid ; and if such Matter, Com-

minder, Owner, Agent, t>r Consignee, shall tefufe to give such Secerity, then, and in such Cafe, such

^Pilst may rcfafe'to conduct or pttotfuch Ship, Vessel, or Baige, and shall no t he subject in respect thereof

ttoanytof'the Penalties inflicted by or In ptrr finance of this Act on Pilots refusing to take the Charge or

^Conduct of a Ship, Vessel, or Barge.

XVII. And be it further etrafted. That in case arty'Owner hr Matter, or any other Person having err

taking tipdn himself, or appearing to have br take,‘thedommarnd, *Charg$, Agency, or Consignment, of

any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Barge or Barges, charged or chargeable with the said respective Rates

*or Prices Of Pilotage hereby directed *to be paid, mall refuse to pay the fame, then, and in such Cafe, it

•IhaW and *moy be lawful tp and for the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or any one or

more Justice orjuftioes of the Peace for the said Borough, and, preferable to, and notwithstanding any

Right of Hypothecation, Attachment, A rr eft ment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any

Fcrfoii orPerforts Whotnsoever, to Teize, take, and distrain, any of the Goods, Gtms, Ropes, Tackle,

furniture, and Apparel, Of or belonging to any such Ship or Ships, Vessel. or Vefleh, Barge or Barges,

and the fame to detain and keep until the Sum or Sums of Money due for piloting or conducting uich

•Ship or^Ships, Vcirftbr Vessels, Barge or Barges, into or out of the said Port, according to the said Rates

ft*ioes, and reasonaWe Charges previous to ‘jmd for taking such Distress, ftaTl be paid and fati??fied 5 and

• inoafe of any NCgleft or Delay in Payment df such 6am or Sums of Money and Charges, for the Space

*of three Days next after such feizrng, taking, for distraining, then it shall and may be lawful to and far

The said Mayor, Justice or Justices, to cause the fame to be appraised ’by any two sufficient Persons or

Appraisers of the said Borough, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the said Goods so taken and appraised,

•and thereout to satisfy the said Rates or'Prrces of Pilotage so due and unpaid, with all reasonable Ch irge*s

'Of such Proceedings previous to and attending such taking, seizin^, tlittniimiTg, appraHing, and lelii.ig,

"•rendering the said ‘Rates or Prices so due and unpaid to the Pilot or Pilots Entitled thereto ; and the Ove?-

Jplus (rf any there be after the said Charges are deducted j to the Matters or Owners, Agems or Consignees,

-upon Demand.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Commander, or other Officer, of any Ship,

'Vessel, Barge, or Lighter, shall, during the Time such Ship, Vessel, Barge, or Lirh'er. shall ‘lie in th-ft:

-Part of the said Haven and Harbour which is betwixt the Grand Sluice in the U'ci t^h, and hfe

Black Sluict in the Hamlet caHed Skirbed 2>jiart?r> in thePartfh of Skirbeck, in the i;:;d County of •£/*-

3

