486

to cn^cr L*nH«

or Grounds to

take Surveys,

&c.

and to dig and

carry away

Stone, Gxayel,

Ac.

Company m?y

build Bridges,

Sluices, Ac.

make Fences,

and Towing-

paths, Ac.

doing as little

Damage as pof-

£ble, and mak-

ing Satisfaction

for the fame.

Company not to

dig Clay, Ac. in

any Lands of

Mr. Hodgetts.

Proviso.

Proprietors not

authcrilcd

(without the

Confrnt of Mr.

Hodgetts) to lay

Larth, Ac. on

certain Places

C. 28. Anno decimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1776.

plying the said Canal and collateral Cuts with Water, and such and so many Feeders and aqueducts for

supplying the said Reservoirs and collateral Curs with Water, as to them {hall Teem necessary or proper;

and for rhe Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Alligns, and their

Agents, Servants, and Workmen, are hereby authorised and impowered to enter into and upon the Lands

and Grounds of or belonging to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or

Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever (not being, upon the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the Ground whereon a House flood, or a Garden,

Yard, Paik, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, Lawn inclosed or adjoining to a Manfioa-

house, unless with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively), and to survey and take

Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think

necessary and proper for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and all such other Matters and Con~

veniences as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effecting, preserving, improving, com-

pleting, and using the intended Navigation; and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, remove, take*

c'arry away, and lav, Earth, Soil, Clay, Stone, Rubhifli, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or

Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in the making of the said Canal and col-

lateral Cuts, or in the making of any Reservoir or Reservoirs, Feeders or Aqueducts, or out of any Lands

or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining, or lying contiguous thereto, and which may be proper,

Tequifite, or convenient, for carrying on, continuing, or repairing, the said Canal and collateral Cuts,

or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct, the making, using, completing, and maintaining the fame;

and also to make, build, erect, and set up, in or upon the said intended Canal or collateral Cuts, or upon

the Lands adjoining or near to the fame respectively, such and so many Bridges^ Tunnels, aqueducts,

Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Stanks, Reservoirs, Drains, Wharfs, Quays, Landing-places,

Weigh-beams, Cranes, Fire-engines, or other Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conve-

niencies, as and where the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, {hall think requisite

and convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation 5 and also from Time to Time to alter, repair,

amend, widen, or enlarge the fame, or any other of the Conveniences above mentioned, as well for the

carrying or conveying Goods, Commodities, and other Things, to or from the said Canal and collateral

‘Cuts, as for the carrying or conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting,

finishing, altering, repairing, amending, widening, or enlarging the Works of and belonging to the said

Navigation; and also to place, lay, work, and manufacture the said Materials on the Grounds near to the

Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected, re-

paired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter, any Fences or Passages over, under, or

through, the said Canal or collateral Cuts, or the Reservoirs, 'Funnels, aqueducts, Soughs,. Trenches,

Passages, Gutters, Watercourses, and Sluices, respectively which shall communicate therewith; and also

to make, set up, and appoint, such Roads, Towing-paths, Banks, and Ways, convenient for towing,

haling, or drawing, of Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, passing in, through, or upon, the said Canal and

collateral Cuts, as they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, {hall think conve-

nient; and to construft, erect, and keep in Repair, any Piers, Arches, or other Works, in, upon, and

across, any Rivers or Brooks, for making, using, maintaining, and repairing, the said Canal and collateral

Cuts, and the Towing-paths on the Sides thereof; and also to construft, erect, make, and do, all other

Matters and Things which they {hall think necessary and convenient for the making, effecting, preserving,

improving, completing, and using the said Navigation, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this

Act; they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, doing as little Damage as may

be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted; and making Satisfaction in Manner

herein after mentioned for all Damages to be sustained by the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, Waters, Watercourses, Brooks, or Rivers, respectively, as {ball be taken,

used, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act;

and this Act {hall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns,

and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of

them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to

impower or authorise the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Afltgns, or their Agents, Ser-

vants, or Workmen, or any of them, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, to dig or get any Earth,

Stone, Clay, or Soil, in any of the Lands or Grounds of or belonging to John Hodgetts Esquire, without

the Consent of the said John Hodgetts, his Heirs or Assigns, first had and obtained, in Writing under his

or their Hand or Hands (except what {hall be necessary to be dug or gotten out of the Bed of the said Canal

in cutting and making the same), or to make any Towing-path on the North Side of the said intended

Canal, below the lowermost Lock to be erected and made on the said Canal, without such Consent as

aforesaid.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained {ball extend, or be construed to extend, to im-

power or authorise the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Servants, Agents,

or Workmen, to carry or make the said Canal on the North or North-weft Side of the aforesaid Cut or

Aqueduct leading to the Hire-mills in the Possession of the said John Ry!and> below the said Brook called

JFor dejley-brook.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to impower or authorise the said Compiny of Proprietors, their Suc-

ceflors or Assigns, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, to lay any Earth or Soil (except Stone to be

afterwards taken away) on the Ground lying between the said intended Canal and the fiud IFire mill Trench^

from the Watering-place below Mistress Tiilcys Farm-house, for the Distance of three hundred and thirty

Yards towards Bell's AlilL without the Consent of the said John Hodgetts in Writing first had and obtainedl.

V. Provided

